from the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity.
luckily the burglars coould not open them in the hurry.
the most challenged book in school libraries is .
there are many which includes: religious beliefs, having independence, and experimenting.
first of all if you have a computer you meet new people.
that book was one of the best selling books in the world.
it is that persons choice to choose that library to attend to.
the mood created by the author in the memoir can be described in many ways.
seeing this sign most likely perpetuates his thirst and leaves him more exhausted and frustrated before.
in those ways, the cyclist is very much affected by the setting.
technology is like a train are you going to live it.
it will briefly tell you that there is some content they not be appropriate, that hurt feelings, and simply offend.
there are some materials in a library though that could be offensive.
another reason why you should agree with me is because on computers we can communicate easier.
lastly, the road started getting rough up ahead which could be hard to ride over potholes and thugs like that.
for example, my friend stay on the computer more than hours.
dear local newspaper, technology is a ever evolving thing and more and more people are using it.
some are happy moods because they have each other.
it has very useful for short distances.
yesterday evening i was doing my homework in my room.
it should be the parent choice to what their child can look at or listen to.
we were asked to carry some food.
this affected his mood because he had hope again.
i do not believe that libraries should have to remove those materials from their shelves because maybe some people find them interesting?
all these things can be helpful and all you have to do is take in it and take advantage of free information that is given to you.
he starts out good, then comes to a rough road and he even says sometimes life can feel so cruel.
the mood of this story was a happy and a reflective one.
the might not even go near you if you forget about them.
literature glorifies colour around us.
holidays provide a great chance to students.
people used to read news out of a newspaper, on computers you can too without paying the cost of buying a newspaper.
when she saw the flower it reminded her of the times life she would get water from the well and and a flower was floating in it.
there was nowhere for him to find water for miles.
so in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library.
there are a lot of facts teachers do not teach that books can.
another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice.
you will need computer skills in various jobs and what better to start than now.
if it to graphic for kids put it in the adults area.
if they enjoy one thing, another person might not.
we do not need movies like this in our public library.
this would not help.
the author does this to show that you should keep trying at something that you love.
she hear when the hibiscus comes back brings new hopes to the life to take that test for.
talk to people and see what they like.
everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family.
people learn the most information out of a book or magazine.
then you buy it or sell it.
the next person after me.
and the man at the wheel of the striped car won the race.
should you really be the one to make the decision on who takes it down?
second reason, how the computer can teach people things.
getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer.
everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
when i really wanted a bike i saw my mom end up getting it for my birthday.
i was very happy when we went and i saw how beautiful is.
guaranteed, years from now we will still be using computers they are probably talking to friends, doing research on something or are typing up something for .
if you think a book or movie is offensive then you have that right to not watch or read it.
most of the time these words are said when i am angry at myself or another person.
none like to be a loner.
it can smell any danger.
so now lets get to the movies that are playing in some of these shows.
he hardly noticed the sun was beginning to beat down.
many people use libraries every day to research or simply to gain knowledge for fun.
when you sit at your computer working or playing instead of going out for a jog or exercise, your health degrades.
go experience nature.
for our generation and for the many generations to follow.
technology and computers have came a long way.
as students mature, homework is taken seriously.
if you want to chat, then you can use or instant messaging.
this right should never be taken away from us
the heat begins to affect the authors health and his perseverance.
the scene was frightening and i had no courage to get inside the train at all.
books could have given me the same info but computers are always up to date and accurate.
i am here to persuade other readers about the negative affects computers have on people.
a child was left inside the house.
a computer can be used for many things like learning.
obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility!
a very great author said that children should not be exposed to adult content in the media.
after the first couple town, he starts to ride on short, rolling hills.
in conclusion, computers are used every day and help us greatly, weather it be learning a new language, or just talking to friends.
second the conditions of the road affects the cyclist.
that is a question that i have yet to find the solution to.
studying, school work, and jobs are also important things people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much.
there, she saw many flowers that reminded her of home.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
pg (i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean).
all of the thing we could learn from them though help in the argument of that.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
he begins to doubt his consciousness and worries that he not complete the journey.
and company how make them is making a lot money.
being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome.
people can use the internet to send emails to each other.
books based on religion, or maybe a website based on a musician that had references to drugs in their lyrics.
the internet is a major part in having computers.
but there is a main reason.
those are three of the many reasons why i think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect.
all you could do is download it.
the heat was getting to the cyclist and he was scared he might get heatstroke.
the computer can teach people what they will do on their job, and what to expect.
talking to real people is important, but cant be done all the time!
i would not like to turn on the television and see these things everywhere, but it could educate people on what and what not to do.
for magazines they should have all types of magazines.
maybe there just is no line of the definition inappropriate,especially in the world we live in today.
you have to be careful where you go when using the internet.
my last reason is why do people want to be on computers all day.
the author just explains how he lived when he was with his parents.
there are many different programmes every day on television.
for centuries people have been writing,making video,and, all types of music.
even simple things like a virus or a slow upload could and will cause stress, in fact have a stress issue due to computers.
for their spelling will soon become and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang.
everyone has a different opinion and taste to what they like or dislike.
he had to leave and go back to .
the author ends the story with this paragraph because it shows she is not willing to give up on her new life.
instead of sending d letter to someone to invite them to the you could just email them.
the memoir expresses a positive mood and their are no signs, at all, of negativity throughout the memoir.
secondly, people need to enjoy nature.
but, computers effect people the most.
he believes in discipline.
they both could have good ideas and functions to them.
we learn about our history for a reason, does any of this resemble a situation or two the world has already been through?
that experience i had at the store that day let me know how it felt to have my wanting of something be shot down.
they gave up everything they had for her.
what do you think; i think so ?
when the author writes tumbleweeds crossed my path it shows that he is most likely in the middle of nowhere.
they help you keep in touch with friends and save you money.
some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager.
do not take the opportunity for a child to learn what really matters away.
first, the heat dehydrates and exhausts him, almost causing him a heat stroke.
dear newspaper, i firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society.
finally, it can help them for allowing them to a web page.
second, people are not enjoying the outdoor.
i mean his house was a peaceful and a safe place.
she says in the spring when the snows melt because she is beginning to get used to the quiet repetition of season upon season.
he looks for a place to cool off and get water, which he finally does in the end.
these experts be smart but they are wrong.
we can avoid road accidents if we obey traffic rules.
he runs a small shop.
they also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read.
the computer is one of the greatest inventions created.
the hibiscus and other familiar flowers she found comforted her, because they reminded her of home.
but they can go online and take classes on their free time.
but, unfortunately, even that time she had got a fever and was unable to even cook.
this is because most people are usually on their computers.
there is a solution out there, but we just need to find it.
you can find information on almost any topic.
also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it.
with a computer the knowledge of the world can be found by anyone.
i found this compromise to be very fair.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
as you can clearly see, computers have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages.
i use such as , which is an online game website, or fantasy football teams i am involved in.
i think having books banned a not wise thing to do, because it just makes kids want to hear the word more than usual.
this is why it should stop because it damage peoples minds.
therefore i think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize.
first of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel.
what if your kid wants to read a horror book and you choose not to let those kinds of books on the shelf any more.
this system is a better way to find exactly what you want instead of coming across a book or movie that you would find offensive.
addition itself is a serious health issue.
movies would be a major thing that they would have to watch out for.
i exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family too.
also you need save your reports for your school or work.
your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day.
by making simulation of the titanic a space ships or the floor.
so many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong.
the heat in the story drives the cyclist into a dying thirst.
i had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things.
i do not believe this should happen because everybody is unique and find different types of work offensive.
i believe all books would be fine left on shelves.
this would be an exciting event for them this why they need computer.
even if there was a set limit on what qualifies as able to be banned people would still complain until what they want happens.
this was conflicting on how long it took him to get to the next place with water.
instant message, and .
ho chose to end the story this way because the story represents the guest for adaptation.
the hibiscus symbolizes everything, her home, her past, and her comfort.
it is their right to do so.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show that like the hibiscus flower, she will adapt to the terrain and toils of .
this farm of online communication was perfectly safe.
we should keep movies, there is no doubt in my mind.
no, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise that they learn from how to videos.
no good would come of removing anything from the shelves of libraries.
we see a rainbow only when there is sunlight and rain at the
my whole family lives in and it costs us twice as much to make a call there.
that is the mood instilled in this memoir about family and love.
i believe that if not everyone can be satisfied then why bother.
if you missed the best part of a you could easily go on a computer, look it up and importance of computers in every day society.
times are tough, money is tight and electronics are expensive.
an eight grader, can you believe that?
starting their lives over again, and taking any job they could find.
if censorship were to be equal for everyone, there would be nothing left in the world to be censored.
lastly, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the internet freely.
of course, its speed was reduced.
this helps people stay connected.
, you can just calm down and relax.
i feel that taking offensive books off shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world i would like to live in.
if people start to take those things away then what use would be for a library.
the best way to take care of those things nature.
during his fights, he kills the creatures that he fights.
should a library be able to remove a book or a movie from its shelves if someone happens to find it offensive?
the author creates a special mood in this memoir.
the author ended with this to show that she is motivated and determined to do this.
lastly you can talk and video chat.
in the memoir the mood that was created by the was saying family is the most important thing in life.
another car collided with this car.
computers can also keep you in from outside, to get fresh air and sunlight.
i have to disagree though.
you go on the computer.
which is why i believe that censorship should not be allowed to effect libraries of the public.
i take a bath, dress up and then i eat my breakfast.
if a student has a question about an assignment, he or she can ask a friend or the teacher.
my friends love to play with my car.
you can let them see what they want and buy it online than going to the stores.
computers are also great for communication if you have relatives far away in another state or even country you can easily talk to them through .
when someone eats a big mac burger, should they go upstairs to play a flash game, or go work out at the gym?
dear local newspaper, the years computers has been a great invention.
just to make sure you get my point, let us recap.
many hazards and rigorous features affect the cyclist.
and you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you be wondering why not pick up a real book?
i would also like to mention that computers provide a popular form of communication.
and you just cant figure it at?
there are kids sections, sections, and even a teenage section.
i told my mother that i do not remember anything.
they called her she because, she took the blame for her father walking out of her life.
they increase responsibility by giving you many choices.
a song, book, or movie about slavery can cause some people to be offended.
they are also kept in water parks and tourist spots to perform tricks.
luckily, i was able to go on the card catalog on the computer and find many books on my topic, just by typing the keyword!
people still rely on computers just as much more today.
computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things.
they often find their joy in these things.
so my conclusion is that everyone is different they like different things and dislike different things.
i think the future will be based everything on computers.
hello , i am writing to talk about censorship in libraries.
he talked about his culture and how the heart of his home is his kitchen.
both of those books are by the author .
when we saw each other at school, we found hard to carry a conversation and took some getting used to talking face to face again.
i know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what i have to say, their will be no doubt that you will agree.
in the process, many boots stepped on my shoes and i too trod on many boots.
people should not take this censorship ability out of hand.
the mood of the memoir is shown in many ways.
these news engines keep people updates on major news events.
do you really want to write it all?
the author is very grateful for how his parents gave him a home and taught him what a family really was.
he is able to die of thirst when he sees a bait shop.
games are great to get your mind going.
we, as children and teenagers see and hear about this everyday.
heed my advice & allow your kids the freedom of internet.
if you think that something is too bad for eyes of other people then so be it.
these are just same of the many ways someone could be sucked into their computers.
i picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak.
is very difficult for some kinds.
for example in the text he writes over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
you could probably find whatever you want on the internet.
i think the books in a should not be censored because parts of history get kind of gross and nasty.
this well improve our.
he wants us to obey the law of the land.
this could result in a huge confrontation.
so, i would say that spending less time on the computer would be beneficial to our community.
and people to watch you and can tell you you are too young for that stuff.
would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online.
libraries should be able to have a variety of different books.
she did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library.
its fast, easy and safe.
one important aspect in why censorship is becoming controversial is; it takes away our freedom of speech.
the fist town he came upon was a realistic version of a ghost town.
my last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with family and friends.
what if article you are reading right now contained offensive language and inappropriate ideas?
they can have live video chats together.
this shows that she is motivated by helping her mother finish what she started.
books, movies, magazines, and music are a part of every country in the world today.
one example that describes this is from paragraph .
that' the parents fault.
several main features include the cars lading town.
these experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more.
the desert setting of this essay effects the cyclist in many ways other then one.
the hibiscus will be budding then, a sign that it overcame its obstacles and was successful in adopting.
libraries have movies that are rated , , , , or .
it we did not have computers there would not be any technological advances that we have , one of the most important devices.
i am extremely grateful to computers because i can keep in touch with my friends and relatives.
it should not be up to their audience to decide whether or not it is appropriate.
there really helpful.
a day where there are no books in the school library.
therefore i believe games are harmful habit to young .
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on people.
next, people can actually make new friends in the computer, like pen pals.
like in the end it says i will take that test again.
also you can chat on or .
then later on he makes a mention to change a paragraph if he loss consciousness.
i came to a ramshackle shed [and] several rusty pumps the sight was troubling.
computers are very beneficial to society.
do you believe everyone should express themselves through their own culture, or have their own opinions?
but she says its because its strong and was able to adapt to the cold winter environment of the united states.
as a result computers would improve the way we learn.
parents and caregivers are not always up to explaining or want to explain as soon as they have to about things sometimes.
for example, many countries have restrictions on selling and owning copies of ',' the book that wrote as a sort of mission statement for .
that is why i believe books should not be censored.
now there are some materials that are pushing the line of their content.
i can relate this to my brother with his dis.
is it really right of you to take away a good teaching material?
another reason i believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless.
first, a light drizzle started and soon, it turned into a heavy shower.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
biggest disadvantage is he is on a bike, and not in a car.
some company joined to make one together.
when it shows time passing, shes grew up more and maybe shell be ready to take the test since now she knows how it is.
all of your hard work will be turned into ash, but if it was on the computer you be able to retrieve it.
dear , you know that of spend to much time on their computers.
censorship has been the topic of many debates involving politicians, activists, and the everyday citizen.
people who love horror movies probably hate comedies.
these are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society.
this allows the reader to feel such love and happiness which is being expressed.
as the cyclist continues for a few more miles, hes becoming slowly dehydrated, and finally sees a building.
what views, what prose, what beauty has been taking from us while we continue living, never having the chance to glimpse it?
dear , that use computers is a good thing.
they need to learn from books so people can learn from history and so that war want happen again.
dear newspaper, in our town, more people are on the computer each day.
picture if you will, a hard working business man who lives in the .
today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that, censorship.
through magazine, movies, music and books are ways you can find them out.
my grandmother takes care of our garden.
all authors have the right to say what they wish but there is a limit to where the books should be placed and who should view them.
nature can affect us in many ways, by weather, by terrain, as in this case by animals.
older teenagers and young adults would be able to get their homework or projects accomplished without having all the distractions of the offensive materials.
i do believe computers have a positive effect on people.
in a survey, out people said they would do anything to save money.
my grandmother shared a memory about when i was learning to read.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love & sacrifice.
also if you are writing a research paper for school then you would probably want to find your information on the computer.
libraries are very interesting in many ways.
arguing to take away the material that some like will only cause tension to rise and make matters worse.
technology provides great advancements in our world.
the author talks about his kind parents and loving family.
please let people be who they want to be!
communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives.
computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available.
therefore he goes place to place to beg.
in paragraph it shows that he is thankful.
also, in books this is becoming an issue.
censoring or removing on the other hand, is permitted to the distributor.
it took two hours to control the fire.
everyone has a favorite book.
there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed!
most people spend lots time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities.
magazines are also used for different things such as comics, housework, as for ladies makeup, perfume, etc.
he has to get up early in the morning and begin the day with a lot of exercises.
they were all struggling immigrants who had sacrificed a lot.
the mood conveyed in the memoir is love.
does that mean that just because one person finds something offensive, then an item should be taken off shelves?
dear newspaper, percents of jobs day use computers.
since the is a public place, and people can not just throw away a book because that is offensive.
do i think that books, movies, music or magazines should be removed from the library?
like learning about far away places and people.
things like that i think put a bad influence on younger teens.
had he been in a city or in rolling farmland he might not have been as terrified.
and even meet them someday.
it is not a place for violence, so quit with it, go for a safer environment.
or they could play educational games.
that was proven in a say a by , head of human reactions.
rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place.
the last paragraph states in the spring, when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then i will take that test again.
a good affect on the cyclist was no one in sight to slow him down on his bike ride.
have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying odd or unique theories?
the next time the setting affect is used is when he comes for a building that was rusted out.
not only should they be exposed to some materials that are not so clean and normal but they should be introduced to things such as foreign writing.
it would be as if your trying to control what people should be viewing, listening, reading, etc.
i do not understand the need for them to be obtainable at a , or if there is a need at all.
i am the captain of the basketball team at my school.
its not just the kids seeing the stuff its everyone.
is mentioned in the last paragraph.
it seems as if the world is becoming filled with a bunch of people who care way to much about what other people are doing.
sensed that i had no clue was talking about so continued.
an ideal student should avoid smoking.
so when he tries to memorize a part of the , he cannot retain what he has been reading.
then the jokers came.
in conclusion, computers have improved the lives of the human race by a great deal.
in conclusion, in opinion it benefit society.
computer are a of looking in many different take days.
plus act would be completely unconstitutional.
if the people feel that they are that offensive then they should bring it up with the and find a solution instead of getting rid of these items.
the narrator tried the test once and failed.
inside the library, there are rows of tables and chairs.
each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture.
so i believe that books are more reliable.
in fact, religion might be the most important issue.
the media constantly portrays sensual elements and the language is also bad.
the choice for what is appropriate for that each child should be left up to their parents.
then it showed me a picture of , and the history of the country.
the computer has many ways that you can write that paper & now it will be very helpful.
in cities like tokyo, it is only at this time that the roads are not crowded.
all of these reason is why i think the has good effects on people.
it can help to learn from mistakes and solve problems.
as soon as i put my ear to her head phones, i turned it off immediately.
dear , i understand that more and more people use computers, and that can have a good side and a bad one.
it is completely unrealistic for someone to travel to every place they need to know about.
the computer does this.
also, there are some programs on the computer where they allow you to talk to other people.
is it really so hard for you not to pick up a book that you find offensive.
if they want to discuss why we see a full moon when we do?
consequently, i did not play as well; missed a lot of passes and shots.
that does not mean that we should not provide information on different world religions simply because a person from another religion be offended.
if an adult does not like a kid book because its giving the kid the wrong idea then do not get the book for the kid.
had the town been thriving, he could have bought more water to make his trip easier to accomplish.
then people go to that library to find the information that they are looking for, with the wide selection the library has to offer.
the setting was the main affect on the cyclist.
he thought if he died no one would find him faster the birds would pick him clean.
they can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world.
now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication.
one such feature is the hills that are present in the essay.
in the end, the setting effect how the cyclist back against confident, then desperate as water is used, than relieved when water is found.
if everyone decided to take one book or movie they think was inappropriate off the shelf, there would be nothing left in the library.
the rider says the sun was beginning to beat down.
if one finds a book offensive, look in a different section.
this showed the warmth, love and selflessness of the family.
but with computers, they can talk to each other like they were still neighbors.
well it all lead back to money.
also phones are safe so they cant get viruses and strangers cant look at your personal information, finding out where you live.
the park was converted into a fairy-land.
why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having this much fun?
i enjoyed the scenery of green hills on either side of the railway line.
she is determined to pass the test when spring arrives, and blossom again.
i believe that censorship is still a needed, and helpful process.
when he starts out, it is an early summer evening, he is serene while he is talking to the old men.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a mood of admiration.
if certain books are offensive should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether.
we should be grateful to the doctor.
i believe this because when its long downhill cool roads is fine but if it is straight uphill roads and extremely hot he feels like he cant keep pedaling.
in every book there is some form of material that people not be a fan of.
no author writes something and says, 'i hope no one picks this off of the shelf!'
however, i think there should be a line drawn about what is too graphic to be displayed at a public library.
the rough road made have to work harder want more water and just made things tougher more than what they already were.
another example was he felt warm because of that.
please do not remove anything from the selves, because it will only do more damage
this leads to my finally topic.
dancing is exercise and adults do say we need more exercise.
just as i would not expect an adult to go searching for a little kid book.
in conclusion, computers are great because, kids can get there homework done, also its good for video chat finally because the internet is very resourceful.
finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections.
other people will allow this chance too.
so go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are positive.
you can save anything on a computer.
the charges are not very high.
dear local news paper, this paper is going to be about the reason computers are bad.
while you are on the internet you can go to learning websites.
friends are a big part of my life and i love just to talk to them and see how they are doing.
you can do all of this within the privacy of your on home so you can remain as secret as a agent.
what are you supposed to do about your research paper now?
thank you for your time.
i just think that is not a movie to let kids watch.
this really how we want our future generations growing up, looking blankly at computer screens?
my opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something you want to find out in the computer.
but you as parents should control what your kids are reading.
the average day for children in is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home.
in the state of , it is proven that of residents are overweight from not exercising and are overweight by not eating properly.
when you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen.
you can improve your coordination by making you stronger when you type.
the water also had the flavor of battery acid.
therefore, they inspire us.
he talks about how him and his family used to come together and have meals as a family.
this polluted air makes us fall ill.
for example, suppose a few people loved the series but another person who read it later found it offensive and had it censored.
do you have perfect handwriting?
the snake caused the cyclist to be afraid which added to the fact that the cyclist was dehydrating.
also, the memory card which allows us to save data on a computer and take it to school or work.
because of the internet there is basically no more boredom.
in the beginning of his ride the cyclist is confident and is striving to reach the joys of .
people just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about others.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very sad, loving, caring.
while the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position.
what if their is a person that only reads scary books?
if the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials, then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read.
if people want to get it they can, but it would be at there own risk.
if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated.
i am the kind of student that enjoys reading a book that interests me.
would you rather talk on the phone or computer.
sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it.
most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people.
when i was growing up, i loved to watch professional wrestling.
books that some people like are found offensive by others.
its just sun, sand, and him.
the technology brought upon using computers allows people to talk online with others in a fast, easy, enjoyable way.
perhaps the media would prove inappropriate for many, but select few will still value the media for what is.
sure, you could read a newspaper, but answer me this where does the paper come from?
he lifted the cover of the basket.
computers also let people learn about new things.
read on as i will explain in details.
computer have deprived everyone of the outside.
there were people from different states and different areas of the train.
so when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward.
movies can be offensive because of the language, violence, the way people are treated.
computers help people find a nice spot to travel.
it is all caused by what they see or hear around them.
i also do not appreciate the other material found in our libraries.
this would solve many problems such as children being able to check out certain materials.
on things around the world.
out of gas and you need to go to the library before it closes.
is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family.
in the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer.
this could also be a way to learn another language.
i was a years old in a year old body.
as you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer.
also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it.
no, a child should probably not, in my opinion, be reading about adult things such as sex.
i have also been in this position where i came cross an article that upset me.
often times, the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming.
that means that it is open to anyone and everyone.
computers are good to use because it tells you everything.
foe example lets say that you doing on paper you .
hopefully after reading this you will think the same i do about computers.
the reader thinks the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the girl is saying she will try again, and take that test.
from personal experience being addicted to computers, i can honestly say that i was under almost complete control by that computer.
he stops at a water pump, water comes out but it is really not cool.
dear , i do believe that computers can be positive.
i disagree with this statement.
when a person has an opinion, they have the right to voice it anyway they want.
music is like a drug to me, and i am addicted.
i know computer is a lot of money but sometime good to have it.
studies show that one fourth of online users have had an encounter with a dangerous person.
in the setting there are no cars and no buildings meaning no help.
they can gives us facts about a certain topic that we not find any where else.
the memories he shared with his family during that time makes the mood for loving.
everybody is overworked.
i hope you are agree with my ideas.
so he can have a better life.
lastly, i will talk about how you could do homework.
now i would like to the time to talk about is mentally when you go to learn.
not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games!
they are because they get start a new life over.
books, magazines, news papers, and music are a great passing time.
i could not ride many of the rides there due to my size.
they all have different look and ideas.
sometimes those books can get into the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burned.
there are many different versions of the but, many different religions.
for example, i help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have.
when i entered middle school, i read the books anyway: i had the ability to make my own choices.
children learn by hands on or watching other things.
computers are great.
at last they come home.
if others spent at least a half an hour being outside to some fresh air instead of using a computer most of them would feel a lot better.
in the memoir the mood created by the author i think was more of a serious, informative, and uplifting mood.
the feeling could be devastating.
there could be some stuff that people will think is offensive.
first off, many people have different opinions about what is offensive and what is not.
if anything happened to him there is no one to help.
the reason why material from libraries should not be taken away is cause the kids can still find that stuff on the internet.
for example, many live on and her sister, , she is very close to, lives in .
one instance of this: media censorship.
dear, computers do have positive effects but the negative effects are much worse than the positive effects.
having a section in the library from which only adults can rent the items, would remove this problem.
books be the only exception.
if there was though, they should just make an alternative section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people think should be put there.
that told him he was the one talking to him online.
everyone cannot be the same it just would not work.
do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
thing is that he was running out of water.
i would keep all items away from young children at all times, if they are not good.
first of all, people will get fat.
your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you.
the green crops, tall trees, and beautiful flowers left a deep impression on me.
techniques and how to research any topic.
if we do this then all the problems will be solved.
lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends.
because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn.
furthermore, people all around the world communicate thought the computer.
it keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school.
people use censorship as a way to make themselves feel like their a good parent or that the world owes them something.
one person could think the material is offensive, but someone else might want to learn more about it.
think about that next time that you think a book could arise tension between people and think are you taking away rights of other
since we were only little kids to adults.
they help your brain in all of these categories just by having cute and fun little game.
when you video chat you can have a conversation with some on class on video!
the schools do this so that we can go to other countries in the work force.
so why would you make that mistake.
i think the mood given by the author in the memoir is a happy mood.
now, in the , computers are part of the everyday lives of people in which they benefit.
you could buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a .
to begin, kids are in school more than have of a school day.
where did this inspiration come from?
family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family.
',strongly apply to this.
though this is true, it certainly does not mean you can take that media away from those who enjoy it.
if people do not like the books in the library then they should not go to the library to get books.
however, so the show will melt and her sorrow will go away.
they should also teach them the difference in what is acceptable and what is not acceptable.
so the night before i did a bunch of research of different shops, museums, and places to eat.
now, things could get even rougher.
also this memoir gives a grateful and thankful mood because it makes you think about the people and family members that had loved and sacrificed for you.
father was scammed, or connect on the .
a movie, book, magazine, music, or even something on ?
also because the terrain is hilly his legs are working harder to go up the hills and his legs become tired.
then why can’t he understand that animals too don’t like such hurtful treatment?
this affects the author because you have to conserve the water that you have to be able to make it to the park.
traveling on footboards is very common.
my second reason why has a negative effect on people is because of online bullying.
the little stuff that gets under our skin and eats away at us.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and fortunate.
taking advice from a group of old men, he headed to his first stop.
as the seasons went by she discovered the similarities.
when they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but this is all they are being taught to use.
now a days computers are taking over books.
lots of people like to make a big deal out of nothing.
but mostly i have to stay back as i am the eldest.
the setting of the story affects the cyclist in many ways.
i think that the main mood created by the author in the memoir was love.
to me computers are just a trouble in our lives.
parents should want to keep kids far away form certain things that appear offense.
authors have the right to put profane language in their books, and even dirty ideas.
now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored.
i believe she is right.
i am not saying that all materials need to be removed from the shelves, because some movies or reading materials send off great messages to kids and teens.
no one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless i am a youth.
that is the problem.
but this offensive material happens in everyday life throughout the world.
he is strong, tall and a healthy man.
so maybe things do need to be taken off shelves.
if something is offensive to one person, it be because they have a different background.
and my conclusion with all three reasons.
history has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful.
health is a big issue when it comes to computers.
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?'
what do , , and all have in common?
today more than of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer.
it could most likely cost you or even family members your lives.
is that true though?
when i was young i would always want to be read to and when i continued to age i would always read.
this shows he is very aware all his parents did for him and makes him truly happy knowing they care for him that much.
many song artist write about love, money, and fame, yet others write about drugs, profanity, and suicide.
in my opinion, offensive materials should be taken off of the shelves
since your body has no exercise the weight & fat just stays.
being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds' songs on the first day of .
dear , i believe that computers can be a very good thing to implement in society.
in this memoir, the author is showing the mood as happiness.
like people use to talk to on the other side of the world or you can use aim.
its not the real plant but she gets it to remind her where she comes from.
it is a step up from talking on the phone.
the final key had to travel and the road conditions.
everyday we have choices.
this means that it was hot and he could pass out from a heat stroke.
imagine that you have a relative who lives a great deal of miles away from you and its too expensive to call or fly over there.
a civilized person will always behave properly with everyone.
removing offensive books, magazines, music, and movies from the shelves of libraries would just cause more problems and complaints.
so take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding.
there is nothing wrong with learning about negative things because that teaches people lessons so they know or not to do if in that situation.
life will become tough.
there is not a point to it.
many people depend on computers.
the thoughts that the five year old child has now is ' am i not that beautiful?'
so whats my final conclusion?
this leaves the parent with some control over what kids can watch and hear.
one main problem is the cyclist has a lack of water supply.
kids like me always have homework on the computer.
if they are not something that the kids should learn about then why put them on the shelves.
this shows that as the terrain gets rougher and harder, how much harder it is for the cyclist to go on.
first off all, there will be no war books, movies, or music on the self.
music is the number one entertainment people enjoy.
the hills were hard to climb and there were dangers all around such as poisonous snakes.
it eats small snakes, lizards, insects, and seeds.
whats to stop them from censoring everything we write and say?
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
at the first town he noticed a water pump, but all he could get of it was sludge and water that tasted like battery acid.
the way he talks about his parents ends up making the reader thankful too.
find out about the culture first.
many people turn to magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashions or their favorite athlete.
it has worked so far, so why should we change it?
she plants it when she gets home and vows to take a driving test again.
authors express themselves through books and articles, directors through movies, and musicians through their music.
i personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat.
theses are my reasons i think computers have a negative effect on people.
first of all, people are to busy on their computers that they spend less time.
you stay in touch, while enjoying their company.
parents who have only daughters go on producing children until they have a son.
you ask what it is i am speaking about.
they can set rules for their children, saying they only see rated movies, or they have to have parental consent to read a magazine or novel.
both of these, very different settings gives off very different feeling.
trees are very useful to man.
the flower reminds her of home but it also gives her inspiration.
with the heat, lack of water, ghost towns, and tough terrains, made his journey a very hard achievement to overcome.
being very reliant on your computer is not always good for you.
computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you have needed to know.
it hinders expression.
parents who ask for books to get taken off the shelf are just asking for too much.
do what makes you happy and nothing else.
in such a diverse society, clashing opinions are unavoidable.
they show the results or how the situation was handled.
it would be a boring world.
also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature.
does this make any sense?
one day, we were all sitting near the pool after the day’s session.
i have one more reason why i think computers benefit, not effect.
i stand by my opinion and believe offensive books, magazines, and movies should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
there are people who can read, listen, watch, and see what they like.
what if a child finds it?
it is very beautify place and i am very like to spend the evening in the home garden.
computers are an outrage.
fortunately, a tragedy was averted.
everyone has something that defines them and makes them who they are.
the geese and the hibiscus flower are a symbolic memory of her old home in which she misses very much.
kids are learning this through hearing their parents swear or their peers in class talking about sex.
this is were the internet comes into play.
a library holds many books, magazines, movies, etc.
most should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer.
computers are becoming more and more popular.
inf will agree that with more , these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided.
take a stand and censor those books.
get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk.
throughout the story the cyclists needs change from feeling confident to feeling depressed to feeling relived.
further more many people play games on the computer some are single player and some are online and have millions of players on at a time.
maybe you can go on or or or even your email.
in conclusion, i hope you take all that i have said to heart.
light instrumental music was being played.
for one its more respectful and for two everyone can have their own thought about something.
there are so many books out there and odds are there is always going to be a book that offends someone.
he even maintains a sense of humor throughout, writing of a diary entry that would be left behind that remarks on the wisdom of old men.
i want to lead a good life.
this gives off the mood of hunger for great food.
when you play basketball, you can catch the ball and still throw it if you have good coordination.
these are only of the many bountiful things that a computer can do.
it shows this in the story when he say, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
short rolling hills are harder on a bikers body than flat terrain.
you could be outside enjoying nature, playing sports, or traveling.
this topic is about personal opinion and choice.
i would like for you to appreciate my concern on how society should have computers.
the last movie that i did not like was all the movies.
nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games.
children are reading these books and thinking it is okay to act like their favorite character or acting like their favorite movie star in a movie.
some of it can be bad, but mostly it all is good information.
well all of these websites are free.
when it comes to younger children they are not going to know what to think and believe.
last reason would be children should not allowed to see inappropriate things until they are eighteen or older.
people need to interact with other people and the internet is a fantastic place to do that.
the reader could infer that this quote means that the girl has memories of home, but they are not the real thing.
i was so happy cause when she moved i thought i would never talk to her again.
i recently seen photos of people who have been killed in the process of finding .
out computers are used for learning about place and people.
in the middle of the market, there is a big medical store.
some people were throwing dust and sand on the fire.
i also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say.
i read an article the other day about computer usage in .
is excited that there is a building that might get some water from.
this is what i think on the censorship on the book, movies, music, magazine, etc.
then there is music.
on a computer you can do many things to never get bored.
and how i think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better.
i believe it should be a persons choice to read something or not and if they find it offensive, they should simply put it down.
libraries are a source of information.
they see an older kid fighting and they want to try it out.
if the books with questionable content had a sticker on them telling the reader that, then it could benefit both sides.
computer source found of in , and.
computers benefit the society more than anymore will ever know!
so the effect of computers on people is .
in this instance, a moderation would be helpful.
in libraries they have tons of materials that have language and images that are offensive.
therefore it should be age appropriate.
this shows the setting affected him in a negative way, in the story heat was a major part of the setting that affected the character.
a policeman performs very hard duty.
some thing you can to get them to go out side with you is take the computer away for a week and have fun with your child.
this will cause the to melt and then the sea will rise.
i know i be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends.
this is the mood expressed in the memoir.
they have to tie white ribbon also.
computers have a positive effect.
nobody wants something to go against them in anyway.
magazines they have many different varieties of things for all ages and you pick the ones you want for you or your child.
out kids use the internet to research things for & projects.
everyone has there own freedom.
for example, many people use or to connect with friends.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
try neighborhood activities.
as people can see library there are circumstances where a book, movie, or magazine uncensored is very useful in getting information.
we packed a small bag and went to the airport.
have you ever heard of ?
computers have very benefits.
if you need directions to a place or you want to find out more about a specific person, a computer can help you.
i disagree with the idea of censorship.
we had to find certain books in our school library, using this system, as an assignment.
this makes it easy for strangers to.
one obvious reason for this evil is illiteracy, poverty and unemployment.
i would be very upset if my child had to see that.
i also agree with , she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer.
the research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic.
parents should be responsible for their children staying on the computer all day and watch out what they are doing because it is dangerous.
it gives people a chance to understand how the real world .
i think that we as a good country should make sections into what people can read and cant read, and it should depend how old is the person.
this makes it harder for him because he has to do all his work in a scorching summer heat.
that could have possibly impacted how she did on her driving test.
when maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier!
also they even make stone which is very popular learning a different language and where you learn this from is on a computer.
if the cyclist does not see any buildings, he would not be able to tell where he is and he might get lost because of it.
there should be a positive affect on the child at all times so he or she is brought up to the best of its abilities
think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work.
he was very thirsty, but had to move on, looking for another water supply.
do i find it offensive to some?
the last mood in the memoir is happiness.
last but not least, watching tv take a lot of time and it makes us lazy.
if you live in , and you want to have a trip to the this deal is really good.
he has no consideration for others.
people tell me what they believe to be right, and i do not agree with them.
also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment.
computers have helped advance medicine as well.
i do not agree that computers benefits society.
but using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct.
with this attitude toward outdoor activities i am not surprised that students wasting time on computers do not have time for family or friends.
such programming is essential to analyze data or even to guide a spacecraft to the moon as well.
this all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives.
i think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad.
i have written in response to the letter sent to me on the topic of electronics.
what is the mood, created by the author in the memoir?
most people wonder where their children learn curse words or sexual behavior and do not consider media as the problem.
in the story it says, when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
the author knows how she loves those things and that they would encourage her.
note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz.
if someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people.
by taking out some books not everyone would be happy.
many more things that are in good use.
even though certain books offend people, i think the book or magazine should not be removed from the library or shelf.
this is a great thing for everyone.
they see the cover that intrigue them.
dear of the , has been a debate on whether modern computer activities are good for people or bad for the people.
magazines should be available but on the other hand you have to take a more careful approach to music.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph, because it expresses the meaning of the story.
the final and most basic way that computers help for organization are document folders.
also, it would be good if you double check your information because it could be fake.
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs and computers have helped law enforcement as well.
another mood expressed in the memoir is love and kindness.
finally in paragraph six, the author sums it up and tells that he will always be grateful for his parents' love and sacrifice.
all of us have rights, all of us have the same chance to express what we feel, think or believe.
it is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone.
this makes me think of drama.
computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news.
the world is not a safe place, its scary and mean to the people.
sohan is my next-door neighbor.
his mood was affected and he started to lose confidence and hope.
he could have died from heat stroke and lack of water.
if you are going to read a book, do not get a book that is offensive.
you walk in and they no longer have it because it is considered to be offensive.
why is my only question to why the people want to censor material in the libraries.
if there were hills the cyclist would be tired as well as thirsty.
another example of why the author concludes the story with this is because it sums up all the parts covered in the story.
this is why computers are good to have and be on for a reasonable amount of time.
they give you bad ones to careful when your on a computer.
also the teachers use computers to put grades from students in.
so this gives them an opportunity to see what is wrong with it if they are exposed to these things at a certain age.
you can also listen to the radio on a website.
harry even argues in his popular books series that we must know the enemy to fight them.
certain people would take offense to a book that was against what they believed in.
you and i both know that every one needs a .
after reading my letter i hope you agree with me.
some people have family in other countries that they have not seen in a long time and with a computer you can talk to them.
public libraries are a place for children and adults alike to find a book or movie to entertain themselves, and everyone has a different opinion.
finally, i would like to get on some of the movies they let people check out.
there is a sofa set, a dining table and a t.v.
it is completely up to that person who takes offense to materials on whether or not to observe such style.
what one set of parents want to limit their child from reading vary from another set of parents.
its not because he created the fastest computer ever.
there are some that would agree with my opinion and some that would not.
we also passed through the dark tunnels.
now that i have told you all of the benefits of computers you !
there is something offensive to people in every work that has been published, and the buyer is fully aware of that fact before they go and buy something.
without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman.
she one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society.
the mood in this story was security and happiness.
later that day my and i were at school reading our books she came up to me in the hallway.
this is how they show the warmth kind of family mood in this memoir, .
then he milks his cows.
this would be useful for a school project on a country.
this means it has been there wars, politics, art and slavery.
to the computers people technology is a good thing to have.
why are we now cautious of our children pick off the shelf?
some people find something offensive while another person does not, therefore the music, books, movies, or magazines should not be removed from the shelves.
i encourage you to agree with me that computers can put one safety at risk decrease their education of nature and ruin their social life.
this would help the parents that go with their kids keep them in the right spot.
more people would stop going to the library because there would be no materials sparking their interest.
other like word, help you set up writing essays and stories.
they let people talk online.
in the internet every thing is more easy, i mean all you have to do to learn how it works is to use a keyboard & mouse.
there are no natural water sources for the cyclist to refill his bottles of water.
lastly you can use a computer write finds of letters.
some people like reading books, magazines some might think are offensive.
something has to be done to put an end to this madness.
we should not buy eatables from such street hawkers.
though it is not very big, one can buy almost everything there.
hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know.
i think its wrong to do so, because any book should be read know matter what is said in it.
fellow , i painfully state this fact.
it should be protected from water.
we all love him a lot.
do you think it would make life a little harder?
if he were on flat terrain on a cool day then he would have been first fine.
that can turn out very bad.
being bilingual is a trend that millions of people adhere to.
also, if kids need to search from school then they can also do that there are many reasons why people should get computers.
did you ever think about why students read what they are ready now?
to wrap this up i would just like to say thank you having the time to read my letter.
firstly, computers can entertain.
i think that people should see everything the way it is.
games are very fun, but they fry your brain.
meanwhile, in some of the more severe cases the person is so entranced that bedtimes are pushed later.
so you should try to make people be on the computer less often.
it is very dangerous.
he guides us in every possible way.
the topic of and the be found to be offensive because of what they stand for.
for example a game, is one the most popular addictive games ever made.
there are very many view points of this topic.
this could make a child have in decide between a whole family to , friends, and family are essential in life, and computers put those in jeopardy.
i think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others.
do you have out of state family you wish to talk to?
first of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much.
there was some flog and not much traffic on the road.
she bought a plant that reminds her of home.
the cyclist was so set on seeing cool, piney trees and lakes, that when he saw dirt, snake, and no source of civilization worried him.
every book has a different plot and a different moral.
this time she made an excuse, but how many times is she going to make up an excuse.
that is my opinion on books, movies, magazines, etc in our libraries.
eventually, though, kids are going to be faced with those things.
the towns that passed through that were supposed to have people were in fact deserted.
they might think that it takes away time from nature, friends and family.
that without computers it will be different.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is happy and loving.
in other words is that computer help a lot of people.
dear , , everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives .
when searching through the library you never know what will find on the shelves.
if we did not have computers we would not learn the same.
or maybe its just in our common nature for us to be offended when something we like gets made fun of.
the author creates a very happy mood in this memoir.
they could gain offensive language or talk about it at school and that material could spread.
dear newspaper, people think that computers are a waste of time and that they are dangerous.
it was almost as if she completely forgot about failing and was only thinking about the plants, flowers.
this way she found a fun place and left the country for week.
they do not stop playing it because someone having different feelings about the movie.
love is shown a lot through family in this memoir.
instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park.
i have read many different things in my lifetime so far.
also, i stay in touch with my dad, who works in .
plus people need family.
what there reading should have any effect on others unless they are reading also.
for adults it could be information on starting a business.
i showed the determination she had in overcoming her problems with living in a new place.
for an example, one day i was told do a project on teen mothers.
the descriptive features of the setting greatly affect the protagonist along his journey.
having these will make a computer almost perfect!
i remember meeting the girl.
example, can study their math facts online math or learn about the skeletal system health classes.
computers help people create, listen to, watch and make music and .
it is a happy ending for somewhat of a sad story.
you can talk to each other.
the music i am with it being taken out of the libraries.
writes about how told them what they did was a more courageous thing than ever could have done, and his admiration for their perseverance and strength.
the author also creates a mood of love and caring which her parents showed for her and her sister.
first of all computers help kids all around the world with social skills.
throughout history their have always been those who have refuted the beliefs and ideals of others.
he has none of that in the desert.
the main reason somethings should get pulled off the shelf of the local library or school library is if the book was really damaged.
that is why people use computer for research.
for people that are more vulnerable to those situations or seeing those things, it could greatly help with some people and show them that it is not right.
but it is not in their rights to remove it from the view of others who wish to educate themselves on the said matters.
the plant gives her strength to try for her driving test again.
dear the , opinion on computers be the same as others or different.
he does this by explaining what goes on in a positive light.
or if you want to learn about a certain far away place why not visit the place instead.
then the other guy walked up with two of the books that was over there in the farm section of that library.
in my opinion, books that seem offensive to someone should be kept on the shelf.
you can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message.
teenagers have a section too and they should be mature enough to handle what they read in books.
the author of winter hibiscus ends this story with that closing paragraph because it wraps up all the themes.
it can take away from lesson we could learn and are education that we need to be successful in life
not many like going out and enjoying nature.
it went from happy, appreciation, and an explanation of his life to deep, incredibly personal, and to his complete thoughts.
books materials like these make a difference in someone life other than you.
the mood in this memoir can be described as anything happy.
should be removed from public shelves, because they can offend many people
the removal or censorship of literary works would be a terrible decision that all would regret in the years to come.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much.
you can in with a friend that is out of state, or you can talk with a person out of this country!
they should be aloud to be removed because some books are offensive.
but how is that fair to the other group who actually do agree with that material?
now we see that games and sports do us a lot of good both physically and mentally.
many children take advantage of this they rent books and games they know parents would never allow.
that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again.
then they would get in trouble.
libraries, as a whole, need to think about the bigger picture before they extinguish books, experiences, thoughts, and hard work
yes, maybe computers are away time with family but what about or in that you have at to in over a year?
the information i want, is the facts that really happened, or took place.
dear , i do not think people use the computer to much.
lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves.
people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them.
recent research from says that of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over pounds.
also, l think the fact that there is nothing around him is affecting him.
it was completely dark. '
being on the computer takes a lot out on the body.
do you really want that happening to everyone?
dear newspaper readers, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
were did you turn to?
that can be very dangerous to your health.
once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop.
do you or that person think that it would make a difference if that one book, book or movie was removed from the shelves?
ever consider what books get banned from the library?
in a study it showed that of people in the world has a computer as a communication tool.
says they are both right.
the features of the setting put the cyclist in an unsteady ride of fear, hope and confidence
some might find this offensive, but most think that it is uplifting to know that they are not the only ones who have had it happen to them.
the world a better place to live, when everyone has a level playing field.
our knowledge and ability to learn is our greatest asset and must be treasured.
so really, what is the problem?
waste her time on whenever is home, when could be going out and spending quality time with the family or out with friends.
because of this computers can greatly help any community.
if people find the profanity in the song offensive, then do not listen to it.
not only are the helpful, but they are fun and easy to use!
soon enough, kids are going to think that everything they are seeing and looking at will be okay and soon act upon it.
ending the story with that paragraph is a very good thing to do.
there are many historical works that contain offensive images and content, but people have to overlook this because these books are accounts of our history.
next, is that it could cause rate success drop down low.
they help you write essays, grades, charts ex.
without water, he thought he was going to die.
to her it is a symbol of strength and comfort.
there are several features that causes the author to dehydrate.
furthermore, you should have your time for on the computer and exercising.
well, on the computer you can talk online to your friends.
is it really worth sitting in front of the computer all day eating?
if books are censored some people never even get a chance to see those books and they wont be able to learn from them.
finding a way to reach a happy medium.
how does this relate to libraries you might ask?
nobody needs to be reading those kind of books, it is bad for our minds and is very offensive to some people.
if it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child.
the censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children are reading and watching.
does everyone think the same material is offensive?
computers let you learn more information.
the author made the setting seem long and unbearable, felt of undesirable heat and lack of water at hand.
we can not escape the diversity in which we live in.
movies for kids to check out should be educational, fun and most importantly, appropriate!
first, how would the book help others in the long run.
everyone on in and have a time.
for example if you are doing a project for school.
the mood is of kindness too because he thinks his parents are kind for letting anyone into their door.
although computer gaming is a big reason why kids go on the computer, bullying is a huge factor along with stranger danger on chats.
in conclusion all i say is that without computers in this world.
she means that when the flower is blooming, her hope will be also and she will try again, maybe this time with success.
also, say you want to go far for vacation; like .
these are all problems that should be addressed.
he explains his parents culinary skills, and how he was grateful to have gotten them.
the stuff wrote, sang, or played in these things harm these people but that is not what it is in there for.
will people go out side more or will they sit and type?
dear readers, of the most important inventions of the past decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons.
exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much.
censorship in a library should not be allowed.
because it shortens activity time.
should it be taken off the shelf?
parents should also use caution when letting your child go to the movies with friends.
most people now think this is very racist.
there are also different genres that people enjoy reading.
for example, elementary and middle school libraries should have a stricter censorship than high school libraries.
being tired from no water, the cyclist had trouble going up hills on his bike.
but some people say that it distracts you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friend.
my third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer.
then their going to go tell there friends what they heard because they think its cool then all kinds of kids are hearing it.
she has a lot of work to do but she never gets angry with the lord of work.
this is why i think having a computer is a good things what do you think?
the computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report.
plantation owners of the south raised a strong objection.
having an adult only section would be a way to solve this problem.
people are becoming addicted to computers.
even i talk online all the time.
people also take the liberty of simply removing whole pieces of media from shelves just because they find it offensive.
paper no made from trees, so must be cut down.
with my wings, i can fly above all the buildings in the city.
this is a place that has already been through a and has fought against racism and slavery.
my brother wore a smart suit and a tie.
but he did it, and proved himself right.
finally it allows people to talk online with other people.
they help bring people together, provide entertainment and have very useful information.
well, think of it this way.
there hurting your vision, limiting your outdoor activity time and making it harder to talk to people in person.
magazines are impossible to censor, unless you are the person receiving the magazine.
there are a few rows of flowerbeds in the flower garden.
i was taken to its class of the primary section.
there is a reason why we are becoming one of the fastest countries!
i helps us get updated on current events shows things that we want to do and shows us how to do it.
for instance, computers can be very dangerous and people these days just seem to spend too much time using them!
it is tone of love because he explains that his parents taught him many great things.
she ventures to find all the plants that remind her of home and to relate them to her past experiences.
if you start going through the magazine and find something you do not like or take offense to, either keep flipping the pages or put the magazine down.
well from all over the world are not getting enough exercise because computers.
when i was younger, i owned a computer.
if we want to become a healthier country, we should state writing time spent on computers.
this making it dangerous.
movies should be restricted from children to watch them.
some movies are not rated appropriately either.
this is why the author wrote this memoir to thank his parents for what they did for him.
but that is where the idea that these books were not created for them.
it saves time and effort with a more professional result.
this say is said but its not followed.
dear newspaper, you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them?
that means you could use it for your home work if you need help.
the adult movies are worse in every way.
but with computers and online sights like , or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world.
also, having computers in the classroom helps so that teachers can get the info they need for an upcoming class.
kids are fold to type their papers, which lets them finish faster.
experts say that with computers at home get only of the exercise without computers get.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
i think there should be no censorship, it for the parents to decide what children can an cannot watch.
now your not working out and you just keep eating.
my questions is, ' not let people read and watch something that they want even if it is offensive?'
i can tell that he is inspired by them.
no one can blame the authors.
wondering what is the best way to get somewhere?
a marine said that he tries to contact his family as much as he can while he is at sea.
that is the first reason i think that computers are good for people.
the terrain had made him drenched in sweat.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is a positive effect.
from this quote, you can tell that he has a very close relationship with all the people.
the cyclist knew that was a mistake in the first place, but he had hope that maybe they knew what they were talking about.
a few different moods went on in the story but one of the most important was loving.
a musician is not just payed for his or her amazing skills with an instrument, but also with his or her way to connect with the listener.
this makes it much easier than to fly half way across the .
or maybe you need to find out what the weather will be like, there are many websites for that.
we asked our neighbors to stay with us for the night.
nature is beautiful, it has , green grass, rainbows (sometimes).
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
what is offensive in libraries?
it is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown.
this is going to try and prevent kids from seeing what they are these days when they are at a young age.
furthermore, those who choose to spend overwhelming amounts of time on computers tend to interact less with family members.
the next year she made captain because she was out training everyday before the big day.
on a computer you can learn about new places.
perhaps, somebody else has been waiting to find that book.
music is another big thing that is becoming more and more out of control with offensive subjects.
if someone is offended by these types of entertainment they should not visit that section of the library.
all kids should have .
there are also websites that you can use for studying.
exercise is so important now a days, and people do not get enough of it.
have you ever heard of a email?
that statement is a serious thought that clearly came from the heart.
this concerns some people.
the final reason is parents can limit what their own children read.
she is now more open minded about the situation.
we all enjoy it, but have different versions that we enjoy.
( questions were only used to support my survey) the next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer.
uploading family pictures from your last vacation?
that article also states that since , child obesity has increased by !
he always tells his parents of how proud he is of them, and mentions how their basically an .
the writer or director must be able to create an interesting topic or story line while at the same time keeping it appropriate for most audiences.
in less than , blacks children walked out of the room yelling curse words at the top of their lungs.
so, should that magazine be removed?
but at the same time, if he had asked someone else for directions, he would not have been in this situation in the first place.
another reason to ban censorship in historical events would be because of their importance.
computers have far more positive than negative effects.
we all should have the success for doing something for other people, and if not that then for ourselves.
health in very important but sitting in front of a computer for hours makes matters worst.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people.
i learned in class that in the job were much more difficult than they are today because of technology.
authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library.
that is all i have to say.
in the essay it says the sun was beginning to heat beat down, but i barely noticed it.
the mood created in the memoir is very loving and caring and it shows appreciation to the authors parents.
this shows that the test she look had to do with spring and the budding of flowers and that she is trying to grow something.
clearly, and his family were very friendly and did many things that were peaceful.
with all of these new (music ) shows and other reality sitcoms making air on , it has opened the door to crudeness all over.
he then goes to the fields.
you should have a certain amount of time on the computer and go have fun and do what you want to do except go on the computer.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
i personally have never had this kind of problem, i have only been to the library around times i generally rent movies.
overall the author could not had a better family then this, they showed them how to live and that is what a families should accomplish.
books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time.
now that you know about the positive and negative effects of computers, which side will you choose?
he becomes a little worried but he is not discouraged.
in this memoir is expressing how thankful he is for his parents moving to to give him a better life.
people believe that using the computer is a waste of time.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers effect people in a positive way.
reason why i am concerned that people using the computer a lot.
he makes everything sound really nice with every one crowded in the dinning room to eat.
about billion, researchers say.
they cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly!
no literature should be censored, not even the most radical, magical, or fictional.
that is the mood the memoir set of me to understand it.
the future is coming!
as technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily.
the cyclist has made it.
music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics.
hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers.
the libraries should be more responsible with the content that they have on their shelves.
or make them feel like a bad person for do something your grandparents did when they were young?
no one will ever be able to learn of what was to become of that writing and of those ideas.
also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person.
in the memoir gives a loving and caring mood to the readers.
by using computers rather than interacting with them, you are the connections you have.
also changed are the plants.
hes riding a like in the middle of summer with little water and in the desert.
we as have the right to say what we want, and do as long as it is within the laws.
dear , we all know more and more people are using computers.
like if you were a student and you had to write a paper on .
nobody wants their children growing up too fast, but do not limit their growth.
i would go on the internet and talk to them on webcam.
he talks about how his parents had to start over again with their lives to come to .
he brings his cattle with him.
there was once a time, a young lady around her early teens who wanted to check out a type of movie in which she have never saw before.
so read on i know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below.
now you go out and make anyone that says computers are a horrible inventions you tell them exactly why computers are so important!
along with personal the memoirs also show a very loving and happy lifestyle they lived.
we need stricter libraries.
man does not live by bread alone.
and in a way thanks his parents for everything.
because they did pay for it and have a right to let people in society watch, read, or listen to it.
kids spend to much time on online games.
hopefully i have persuaded you that no book should be censored and everyone has the right to read what they want
does that mean we have the right to take it off the shelf because one is offended?
computers allow people online.
i believe that books that have something offensive in them should not be censored.
even at times the books we think are alright to read end up having a surprise that no one saw coming.
there are things in this world that are relative.
he was very out of shape and lazy.
he had to deal with a diamond back.
he also loved how his parents made their own home.
to one point the cyclists original objective became invalidated for his thirst pangs and exhaustion.
there was pushing and pulling.
in some stories it would have worked but in this case it was needed.
many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education.
the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well.
the mood described in this memoir is mostly about love, unity, and culture.
the narration states its a beautiful plant she finally said in sad you got it(no).
second, the computer causes you to interact with people less.
it needs to be fixed.
many of the books i choose are relatable to reality, which often involves content that be considered explicit.
after the guy in the first scene has just been brutally murdered?
also, when you see on the internet you can get real time updates of major events in the world.
who just so happens to think we should continue slavery.
also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation.
how can you determine if something is offensive?
when the goal is to protect people, especially children, from harmful material, it can be used sparingly.
people need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them.
so, should context be removed from the eye of the public because a certain group of people do not agree with the content in it?
whether those feelings are good or bad they get them out through song.
i agree in away too!
after reading this if have proven that my should be admired by many people.
computers could also hep us find more efficient way.
what is in these stores only makes us stronger.
this saves the biker progress and most likely scared him.
using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening.
just do something that involves being outside is so much fun.
second, everything will be threw computers in a couple years.
this can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need.
one could not go to a library and get different points of views on every subject.
for example when i say games i mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc.
for example, a really offensive show called ' ' is a really offensive and people just see it as entertaining.
by playing games , we can use what we learn in real life.
dear , some parents are concerned about their child being on the computer all the time.
the features of the setting that the author cyclist through definitely effect not only his mood, but his the physical condition.
until this point in the story to road has been mostly flat and straight.
so from the scene that is being seen and the mood it has would also give the character its mood.
this way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none.
just picture lazy, obese.
if you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for.
the people of the world always have a priority.
we all know that is garbage.
he had to exert in order to keep going, along with being dehydrated the cyclist had to deal with dangerous animals.
dear local newspaper, i just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends.
said our health teacher.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
people have to think the library is open to children and elderly.
i would be two because sometimes a whole chapter could be bad or in music a whole lyric could be bad.
secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate.
it is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers.
so, now i hope you can see that computers effect people in a positive way.
dear the , people have been saying that computers are not beneficial, but they are wrong.
most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer.
there was a rather large snake in his path.
and use the computer only when you need to.
for instance think about a movie store.
all these combined gave the author a hard time but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop where he was saved
also you can waist lots of energy to.
they left their family and friends to give their son a better life.
this is because they are able to look so definitions faster, research and learn about anything they need at their fingertips.
song in itself depicts a rather provocative tone towards women and men.
we are all entitled to our own opinion.
good marks give fruit in the future.
music and movies are a different story.
i modeled after her likes and dislikes.
as a student and a teenager i know i am using mine way more than i need to.
it just depends on the subject is about and how inappropriate it is.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
with such a high risk of being mislead, the world needs as much information and thought as it can get.
bulling happens to out of every kids.
censorship most often occurs with books in a school setting.
when the story says that the geese were , almost familiar to her now.
these ideas are in the last paragraph because they summarize the idea of not giving up even if you feel out of place.
if someone discovers a book or movie that offends them, they should not make a big deal about it.
five years ago i had to move from to .
while on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise.
it is the way our culture is.
this was the first step to finally moving on.
do you know what computers were intended to do?
censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries.
then, he encounters a pump that gives out water tasting like battery acid.
should not be taken off of the shelves of libraries.
second, i would like to talk about some of the books libraries have.
those are the reasons that create the authors mood in the memoir.
this is certainly a great form of technology people should have.
my friend bought a computer game last week.
my own brother became so addicted to computer games that he played one game straight for hours straight.
in additional people think it keeps them busy.
fortunately, it means we do projects, reports, and research on the computer.
my opinion on this subject is its not right.
it might just start a revolution
allows us to connect with family in far away places and surf the internet for new information.
the cyclists lack of water frustrates him, and the increasing steepness of the hills adds to his annoyance.
within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic.
i believe that this technology is a great help to society today.
i think there are several ways why and why not to take books out of our libraries.
he always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
she took it with her everywhere she went.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
this affects his mood and he realizes that it will be along ride.
computers are a wonderful tool when it comes to communication.
that sort of material, however, should have restrictions on who should and should not check them out.
they complete us all.
usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age and up.
he also knows how to dress and heal wounds.
why make the company lose investment over something that could be easily taken care of simply taking it back where you got it from?
first, i think know book should be taking off on any shelf of any library.
my next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online.
i have seen many of my friends get lost in these books and magazines right in front of a adult like there mothers.
once child read an article , book.
to some, this be one of the best books ever written.
in addition he describes how even though his neighborhood shared different cultural backgrounds, they still lived together as a family.
hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers.
there just trying to say that it means more then anything to them and they do not want it to be bothered.
this man was not a good swimmer but he had decided to swim.
although the teen sitting right next to her likes that gossip.
but no matter how you look at it.
the one thing, parents especially, that fuels the negative opinion on computers is safety and reliability.
the mood portrayed in the story was family and friends are very important and they help what you will be in the future.
you should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there and forgetting all about there work life i did.
education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet.
for me to do as my teacher asked i had to go to a public library and get the book.
i treat people the way i want to be treated and that should go for everyone.
the number of computers sold has gone up since .
a library has the tendency to be known as boring or a very plain place.
books, music, movies, they are all art.
people are getting no exercise due to computers.
such as our right to freedom of expression.
we can interact with each other.
when i think of a computer, i think of typing or a keyboard.
with computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them.
the other day my friend came up to me and said meet my friend i met online!
studies say by each upcoming generation the communication skills are decreasing by .
most adults know to read the summary on the back of the book to know what is being checked out.
this is why she concluded the story with a vow.
many people have mentioned and some statistics show that by at least , will be computerized.
many people have different ideas on what they feel is offensive.
when this person comes across this piece of literature, all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on.
music, books,or magazines are okay to be in the library yet alone in the people it self.
we should conserve them.
this story is about different cultures coming together as one.
as every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them.
dear , computers are very helpful in daily activities, but computers have a bad side.
they also have web sites you could go on just to play them.
not only did he practice baseball but also typing.
that means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life.
just ignore that the book is even there and find another one that fits you'r liking.
my father owns company and works from home most days.
this is due to their intelligent reading levels.
the plant shows the beautiful achievement of passing the test.
however, the government has taken it upon themselves to try and keep youth from seeing it.
we are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal.
it obvious that computers have a good effect on people?
to sum it up, computers allow you to learn about far away places.
did you know that of people the age of have jobs on the internet?
the finally saw a town that had a bait shop and was able to get water and cool down.
going to like school libraries, for books i think it really depends on the age group.
i would like to state on my behalf that i do not agree that computers are good for society.
so therefore he knew he was in trouble.
the more kids read about this, the more they think violence is okay.
think of a climber trying to grab a on a mountain.
should we remove these inappropriate items?
social activity is good for everyone.
how do we get our children to stop getting these resources?
yes i do believe that any book found offensive to any person should be removed from the book shelf.
beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy and warm.
i know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests.
but i have and i also use to read them.
the settings also made the cyclist a little frightened for instance, the cyclist came across a snake that he was terrified of.
censorship was made to protect people from raw material that is seen as unfit or cruel.
you can do many things on the internet.
it would be a terrible place.
in fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer.
that is why i agree with computers give you benefits.
his isolation while cycling down the shortcut was a definite factor in his strain.
this is show when the author said when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
we can not talk to my family or friends.
also, people would want to learn about other people cultures.
even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet.
seeing these things in books, movies, magazines and etc.
now the cyclist was experiencing major heat, sweat, and dehydration.
so i can see what too much computer time can do.
there was a toy train for children.
in this writing my goal was accomplished; i wanted to let everyone know that the whole thing is getting a little out of hand.
whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide.
i agree with that statement!
i found out that of kids and teens prefer online games to board games.
are they amazing or what?
people get distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore.
going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet.
there are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day.
i believe that parents should take a proactive role in monitoring their children.
if you do not want that article or piece of writing to be seen by certain audiences, then do not put it on a public display.
he sits outside the principal’s room.
dear , i think that computers do not benefit society.
in conclusion, is good for are society to have computers in are lives.
any type of game they are all on the computer.
thirdly, the boy will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
libraries are a place where anyone can find books to read, on any topic they choose.
my mom is always on face book and i hate it i figure she loves the computer more then do you want your kids to think that about you?
what seems to make them so important to us?
we can have opinions on matters and discuss them appropriately without causing a big ordeal because their could be reasons why things are where they are.
as you can tell, the tool of on the computer can benefit your school grades.
let me tell you about how computers allow people to talk to other people online.
the library is public property.
so as i said before, part of society and should be.
if a healthy person is found begging, he should be punished by the law.
if books were censored, the quality of learning would not be the same.
i wish gold gives me golden wings one day which can appear and disappear when i wish.
because the computer is just words being texted.
the author enjoyed a nice childhood, filled with friends and family, all enjoying the wonders of their home.
people will always take things offensive.
here is one example: my older brother is a senior in high school.
say a child around the age of is listening to the new ' song.
adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers.
or parents, censor what you children see, hear and read about.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have that right to chose.
i believe that computers do have a positive effect on a persons life style.
i have a small beautiful garden at my home.
it was one of the most memorable journeys i ever had in my life.
they both love me a lot.
his father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering.
these people are spending hours and hours in front of a computer getting heavier every day.
a little later he comes across fish camp, he is very relieved and thankful to the owners.
the flower hibiscus, gave her motivation.
bring down all that is bad!
the cyclist is in the desert in the summer time with hardly any water.
my mother had went in and made a complaint about the restricted movies being in with the children films.
we lives, so i think use should using them
this could very well be the poll your took.
a library is a place for study and learning for educational purposes.
to conclude debate on censorship, plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship.
we should all join hands to build a greener and healthier environment.
i know this because my eyes start to hurt.
it helps us to know the results of our actions.
and cars and planes.
that is debatable, but by the same token, in school we must learn about the despite the fact that it upsets many people.
if you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles.
we are also taught how to correctly cite and research work.
in the spring shows when the flower will come back.
several people would agree, but i disagree.
the mood in the story is thankful.
so what are you waiting for?
through hard work, man progresses and the country progresses.
what they not like could very be what others do like.
young children should not be exposed to those things yet.
the mood created by the author was great.
in conclusion, libraries have been around for ever.
they also use a lot of electricity.
magazines should be removed from the library.
once the software has been installed, it will usually lead you, step by step, through the process of paying your bills.
imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day.
if i was one of those who took offense to a book in the library then i would just keep it to myself.
lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend.
, studies have been conducted over the past few years, and they show that people of all ages spend of their free time on the computers.
so things that might help one person, offend other.
why should be removed from a library?
the situation would have been different if it were anywhere else.
so, computer specialists, what are you waiting for?
nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens.
from this you can tell that the author ends the story with this statement.
it has become quite aware to me the problem we face in our media today.
when a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise.
teens in say they use computers daily & say they have trouble communication with their parents.
this keeps some from ever learning how to be safe truly, and how to think and believe in their ideals.
secondly it gives you new ideas on things.
though this was a hot harsh setting it created inspiration for him to keep going and push through the hard times and survive.
secondly, the towns around the way had been abandoned, leaving no place to get more water and no place to ask for directions.
this part of terrain shows its effect.
the author should have the right to have their book equally acknowledged by the public and kept on the shelves.
the lack of water and settlements slowed him down.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she made a vow to herself and hopefully she will keep the vow and make it happen.
this quote clearly represents a loving mood throughout the memoir because, like the first quote, it represents friendship and family.
go on a vacation get away with your family.
last sunday, my father had to go to the heathrow airport to receive his uncle.
i think chatting online is great but dangerous.
the setting in this story deeply effects the cyclist.
instead of censoring items, there is another solution.
no books are allowed to be read by the people.
to it concern, in life has to deal with something offensive towards them at least once.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
public libraries are a far different story.
something that is offensive to one person not be to another.
it inundates large area under cultivation, wrecks public services and makes life miserable.
censorship does need to occur in our libraries and i believe it should happen soon.
people can do what they think is the right thing to do.
music is something that everyone listens to, no matter is its rap, country, or the blues.
dear paper, name is and i am writing this letter on the count of the computer issue.
internet helps people in meany ways.
is faraway from us, we see it small.
this discouragement must have made his journey more mentally challenging.
another reason, is that.
if you have history you can go on a website for an online book instead of bringing a book to school and back to home.
dear , in my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society.
the result of this, you ask?
it is a part of history.
i know that it would make me feel like i did something wrong.
so many essential resources are on computers.
finally, if someone finds a book offensive they do not have to read it.
for example some people play world of war craft get addicted and cant stop!
therefore, no book should be censored, no matter how inappropriate the material is.
parents, as well, will surely not allow their children to borrow risque material.
two, spend less time exercising.
the weather is hot and just going through hot weather is tough enough, but giving through a desert with limited water had to be miserable.
which i know your parents would like.
i think that the computers are good to be used because anybody can use them at anytime or go on it whenever they want to.
not just the same thing everywhere i go.
for example he feels doubtful when he has hardly any water and has no clue where he is or where he is going to end up.
my first reason why i think that censorship is not right is that all contents of a library should be open to the community.
before someone decides to but something, they can find out all sorts of information about the product and shop around for the lowest price.
this can improve foster writing, because you are moving the friend in your hand the same way you would move a mouse or type.
moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films.
researching topics can be easily accessed through a computer.
maybe, even changed your minds or gave you a different way of thinking about computers.
weather, places, the will to continue all are reason that explain how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
dear local newspaper, computers and other technology are the best thing that ever happened to the world!
newspapers are found all over the world.
so let us hope that all though we play with the idea of censorship, that we never go down that winding road to no where
for movies, music, and magazines, there are already limitations on how old you have to be to buy or rent them.
we would need a computer to type it to make it looks better.
to who this concern, in my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives.
and how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information.
he listens to my problems very patiently and helps me to solve them.
in a time crunch situation like college or high school, speed is everything.
this shows he loved that his parents passed on to him a love of cooking and cooking skills
there are people out there that go on these websites on their computers and pretend to be a teen.
he works till evening.
third of all, i would like to say people are spending more time on the computer than with their own family.
some from their own experience and some made up.
you just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing.
furthermore, people can interact with friends over the computer.
are removed from shelves then is not practicing it preaches to the many of people who come here in search of freedom.
the computer is a wonderful thing.
you can also learn either interesting and useful things like food recipes the contents in paints.
the cyclist said that this sight was troubling.
this is also good for jobs.
children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer.
i think so;it would help our kids and young adults, to read more educational books, rather than magazines and comics.
i had to wait for over an hour just to get on the computer to look information up.
if we had that right it would cause problems from many stand points if you think about it.
so if we removed every movie that offended him what would be left.
i believe that if it is unsuitable for others does not make it unsuitable for some.
so, though you think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life.
this is how the mood created the author in the memoir.
this research can be used to write essays in school.
any of these websites can ford photos to their mobile device.
books need to stay on the shelves.
he then faced his next problem.
i had my mathematics examination the next day.
also i have encountered offensive behavior while reading a book that was said to be a wonderful book even for someone under the age of twelve.
and i think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that.
one of the main advantages about computers is they allow people to communicate through them.
every library has tons of information on just about everything.
also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
after reading do not exceed posted limit i have seen how the scene of an area can effect your mood and attitude around things.
the next one of the corn.
the cyclist was affected by the directions of the old man.
but if they just sit back and think about it, then it would be okay.
picture this scenario if you will; a student at has to do a project on the in the .
thoughts of i feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries.
the mood created my the author was happy.
the first reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because they help students as well as many other people study.
why would you want people in the community or people period to not be comfortable where they are at.
what i am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects.
i believe that agrees.
he tried a drop or two and the water tasted like battery acid.
every other kid got a or above but since i was not use to writing it affected my grade.
parents should not let there kid go to the library without them if they are scared for them to do something or look at something bad.
the setting affect the cyclist because it creates that deserted atmosphere and helps set the mood of the essay.
i highly disagree with what the media feeds to our minds as to the way our looks and lifestyle should be.
more than people in the world have computers.
so whenever you go in there your parent are with you.
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
with censorship should be removed from the grade schools and middle schools and not high schools.
secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes.
everyone deserves to read, watch, and listen to whatever they choose, but not everyone deserves to be around inappropriate things in public places.
and very, very happy that he did not just live in a house.
i have been to the library as a child and seen all the books there.
that was another example of how this author was happy about his life.
computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard.
i am going to tell thinks way.
to me that is a pretty cool invention.
next, is how computer could benefit our society.
means that his parents (they) had showed him everything knows today.
i say, if you do not like it, do not look at it, it is simple as that.
lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer.
he set up a different group of disciples called bhikkus.
the games kids play could help them learn more.
as the cyclist recover the first town and realizes it is decreased he is initially amused.
a lot of times in families, instead of spending time together.
they are used for carrying loads.
this world belongs to me as equally as it belongs to you; so my decisions will affect you as much as they affect me.
you cannot reword whats been written.
libraries do you go to libraries?
the features of the setting that affected the cyclist was the heat because he was getting lost and he was slowly running out of water.
well i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
so think, are computers really harmful?
my second reason is because you can learn about far away places.
his determination started to fade because he started to see wide open lands with nothing but tumbleweeds and ridiculously large snakes.
i was young myself and i had experienced this too at one point.
thank you for reading this article.
he is led away from the steady road as a result of taking mislead advice from an old group of individuals.
however, the issue changes completely when one considers children.
but you go outside sometimes you wont have to worry because you are getting exercise that helps out your body.
as you can see this is my first reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
if we get rid of every single book that offends people then we are not going to have many books left, and without books we have nothing.
like i said, everyone has there own opinions and views on life and everything in it.
censorship should be only for the youth as an adult you are open to everything.
it also means she will be well prepared and will have a list of confidence in passing this test.
did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when the to learn a place or a person.
where are the parents out there?
we have a pair of kidneys.
no they not use computers more.
books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it.
it would be extremely frustrating to find that a library, which is supposed to contain content on nearly every subject, does not have what your looking for.
there is no way around it.
they turn people into low life scums and criminals.
easy access to tons of useful information.
should the books at the libraries be censored or should we just leave them for the reader to decide if they want to read it or not?
this is how computers come in handy in every day life.
dear local newspaper, in the society we live in, more and more people are using computer including me.
there are millions of libraries throughout the world and thousands of items in each of those libraries.
it was there choice to pick it up and read it.
go their and hangout with friends interact with them.
the , a book written by , revealed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry.
you can also have conversations through email with no problem.
if there is a burglar going around, people can find out, and lock all doors and windows.
the author show that no matter if your rich or poor, you can still have a closely knit family.
for example he talks about things that he had to endure while he was riding.
in her final paragraph it shows she overcame her fear.
people just have to learn how to not use foul language when not needed.
or even if your job involves doing research.
people use my husk for making
so our only option was the computer.
can you even imagine how difficult life would be without computers?
i just think that certain books, music, and magazines should be kept in a different place instead of out in the open where everyone can see them.
people are even needing internet access on cellphones to stay up to date on stocks, shipments and important emails.
even though i think everyone should have the freedom to read, watch, listen, and hear about what they want.
because of this incredible invention, computers have allowed us to do things that are truly astonishing.
some history be gruesome and completely crazy, but we should be aware of those things and not forgot about them.
the last thing are pictures and scenes.
books should not be censored because an idea that is offensive to one, not be to another.
in my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society.
you need them to see how you are doing financially computers are essential to our and economy.
when the geese come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, i will take that test again.
we, as a society, do not want our youth to hear the nasty words in some of the rap songs that are released.
i think that they should set standards on what they want to have and following those standards on books they buy.
you could play talk to people like your friends.
it is a fast and easy way to communicate with someone.
i had never seen such a beautiful place, and so i was very excited.
will keep them from that anyway.
also your not just siting there your moving your fingers and your using your brain.
he also continues to say to himself he should not have took that route.
those are the moods that i think the author created during the memoir.
i interpreted it to mean that when the spring comes back, she will have a new beginning.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
he said using the internet also saves more time.
well in this letter i am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society.
after a while when he thinks he can go no more he sees a store that once held gallons of grape juice.
of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen.
on the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person.
and throughout the memoir there is a constant mood, which is happiness.
these encounters create an interesting meal.
another example is racial jokes, some people think they are funny when others find them very offensive.
website text is not the anything that provides information far eager learners also provide pictures to further the persons understanding about a topic.
this girl just failed her driving test she dose not want to take it right away.
goods spread all around.
the survey would have a list of books, movies, magazines, and music that people could check off.
children need to be careful about they say or show on the internet.
plus you even go to your friends, house and instead of laughing, you'l say .
just like any other industry, libraries need people to use their multimedia materials, such as: books, magazines, music, etc.
it would allow people to learn about places all over the world.
but when i am on the computer i can chat with them and have a fun time.
if you censor all of that material out less movie tickets will be bought, less books will be sold, and less music will be listened to.
one, its not fair for people who are not offended.
if you have ever been to a bookstore or library you how hard it is to find the book your looking for.
a holiday is free time and it should be spent in this spirit only.
men, women, and children were playing there.
we should destroy the computers.
whether some people find certain material offensive or not, there are other ways to get that material so there really is no point to censoring anything in libraries
she is saying there is, everybody has a certain opinion, they take offense to different things.
i believe computers are very useful to everyone.
he was so thirsty that he would drink hot water.
the friends and relatives are missed the most.
kids are always going to look up to other people so what they see you do they will try to do it.
you can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers.
a lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day.
this shows encouragement because has the drive to try again and to pass.
on the other hand, it also helps with your education.
most people do not think that kids should see certain things if they are found offensive.
computers are taking over our life.
they live in groups called pods and are very playful by nature.
they could tell their friends and family not to read it, because they thought it was offensive, but in the end everyone should decide for themselves.
you can go in the computer in and the you see the pieces of your car.
computer say there are available flights to your destination and how much.
the cyclist faced some problems while on the journey.
there is always a great rush at the windows.
you cannot control what everyone else says or does in books or movies, you have to just be in control of how you look upon it as.
books and magazines need to be censored according to there content.
the library also should at least check what the book is about when it arrives at the library.
also, the author discusses the unity and love between his family and neighbors.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
let children have a choice in what book they read, or the movie they watch.
dear local newspaper, i just read about your article regarding the computer usage.
they do not get any help from their parents or brothers and sisters.
computers have become the glue to friendships.
it ruins their social lives, and other bad things.
no more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater.
you cannot stop the terrible things from happening.
it does not grow every whereas the mango tree.
there are so many things in this world that contain bad things, which all have something to do with sex.
so people do have a choice on what should be banned or not but they also have a choice on if they want to read it or not too.
computers are great because they allow you to talk online.
this is one of the many perks of owning a computer.
the author wanted to convey a sense of hope to show the growth of her character, and to show how thing are going to change.
you eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer.
we all have our opinions and choices.
this is why you need to spend less time on the computer.
different people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not offensive.
by sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture.
that right in the quote that is feeling grateful!
how could you become physically fit?
my last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games.
he thanked his parents because he was so happy they created a family not just a home.
if we ban books because we do not agree with them or find them suitable, eventually there will not be any left to check out at the library.
any popular material should be available at the library.
not everyone believes in the same ideas.
that was the way of life for them and the author was simply trying to show that to the reader.
but since i come here every day i can meet a new friend every day maybe.
although, sometimes the child stray away from its parents it is not very likely that the parent will not notice.
not saying that it is right, but the library has done particular things such as, separating the books for reasons like this.
the truth is that there is a line that should not be crossed, and some books cross this line, and are banned.
on the internet course!
in conclusion, libraries are a good source of information.
then there is face book, lets you see what people are doing that day.
an ideal citizen is a valuable asset to society.
not just the library has books.
computers can be good or bad.
stated that, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
honestly some people are more mature than others and grow up faster.
she knew what it was like when she was young.
therefore it should be fine to keep certain materials out of our libraries.
in my opinion i think that computers help people out a lot such as looking up directions or even chatting with some old friends.
so now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach.
computers are a main factor in the vast increase in obesity rates.
finally the creature was a large snake that came along on road.
each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries.
that would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it.
if your the type of person that is a at something.
however, absolute love is the strongest emotion that the reader feels from the memoir.
finn finds that his father had died and hi was no more in danger.
what one person find offensive another person could find rather enjoyable.
i believe that the book or magazine or should stay on the shelf for someone who has the intent to read it.
we need to show them that we know what they doing.
the hibiscus is a plant that thrives in warm, tropical climates.
occasionally, she will glance over a book or reading material herself in order to deem it appropriate for me to .
to make the growing unity of world possible, development of psychological health is essential.
the computer device is one of the many devices used for communication.
please get back to me with your thoughts on this issue within the next three days by email.
* he came across a fishing camp and received instructions on how to go on.
a water pump found just in time, but the water is no longer any determination they reach rough roads creating, once again, a more painful journey.
even schools use computers!
in the censorship has almost never been present.
to begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer.
so have a bad on people?
going up and down hills and pedaling really hard.
my friend often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents.
maybe they will become ore friendly and become more outgoing.
computers help people learn and make work easier its a fact.
you need to relax and just take a brake.
certain books, movies, magazines, etc.
rowing a boat provides a lot of fun.
so get off those computers and call a friend.
it is also fun and educational.
what would be the point in a library if you can not have certain materials in side it.
the world would be better off without computers.
it is a place filled with knowledge and information.
then i saw a little child playing on the flute.
i hope you take my advice, and i thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort.
the library is there for knowledge and entertainment.
there is no way that anybody over the age of has never played a computer game sometime in their life.
i have an uncle named , that has little girls.
last of all, i think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills.
when i read the above statistics i came to grips with the fact that people spend too much time on the computer doing nothing.
but more importantly, this would be the job of the parents to monitor what their kids are reading, watching, or listening to.
movies that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
a library card is one thing a kid always looked forward to.
they help function machines.
my brother listened to rap, alternative, and even songs that were in musicals because he was in show choir.
many features of the setting affected the cyclist in rough road ahead.
so i do not think we should take the books off of the shelves.
the cyclist is pretty confident in what they tell him, so he follows their suggestions.
when kids see or even hear things like this, they are more likely to try things that we would hope little kids would not try.
i think that they should put some books on the shelves that people will like and the music that people will like.
and if you just want to stay home all day you can still interact with people.
the authors should not be punished just because someone is offended by what he or she wrote.
also, the hills made the cyclist very tired.
but think are they really helping us?
i know not spending time exercising is bad but learning about new things cant be that bad.
people are not experiencing the world outside their computers.
turn off the television if the program bothers you.
to prevent kids from sneaking behind your back
dear local newspaper, i agree with the people that support advances in technology.
when that is not true do to the fact that computers have.
containing inappropriate language and terms.
if a book was censored because of the contents inside it would bring into question other books or media related to it.
overall, most kids in the have heard offensive language or graphic content.
but they had faith that they would prosper.
my first reason why i think using computers is good because people learn more on the internet, you know what people say, you learn something new everyday.
if there was movie that was made that was racist against people the government would probably censor it.
so thank you for listening.
i was still a nobody.
most people would not even call that a library.
dear newspaper , you like it if your children stay on the computer all the time?
many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it.
and finally, they are a powerful research device.
not only but everywhere!
just , my computer got a virus i had to get fixed and that took for ever.
the reason i choose this book was because, when i was young my father did the same to me.
everybody does not have the same opinion on censorship.
he engulfs the in a profusion of thanks.
the librarian says the book was removed from all public libraries because it was found offensive.
geese fly south for the winter to stay warm.
so when she takes her test in the spring she will feel better and more comfortable while she is remembering her old life in a new place.
i think that this is a good way to socialize due to the many options.
people should have a right to listen, read, and watch whatever they want.
it helps people because they could projects.
people work from home all the time.
he remembers his parents love for cooking, and how eternally grateful he is it got passed down to him.
he thinks that some miracle will happen and he will become rich and prosperous.
your no enjoying nature!
and you can also look up places like , or if you need to find out where a place is use .
it moves at the speed depending on the force it is paddled with.
the plant is now being planted in the soil outside of her house and has to grow.
some of the movies they put out these days are just horrifying to see.
they would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books.
my friend likes the blue shirts and hates the pink shirts.
in many cases the censorship of what many would agree as not suitable material for anyone to create and enjoy.
since she was upset giving it time until she takes the test again is good.
my first reason of why i feel computers have positive effects on people is because they can help develop skills that one has and not realize.
second, it helps us connect with and meet new friends.
kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time.
they also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese.
books are essential to a students growth into adulthood.
we would not have any books if everyone removed the ones the disliked.
, this quote show of some of the dangers the cyclist encountered.
they should only spend a certain amount of time on them and not all day.
ghost towns come across very old, run down and dull.
they all rely on trees to survive.
i like talking to people from all over the country.
lets say i was a fan of and i read that she stole something.
i remember the time my cousin came over and we went to the park.
with any luck, id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat.
because they can help people find information they need.
computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family.
the cyclist began to sweat due to the heat and thus he drank just about all of his water.
this is how the setting effects the cyclist.
the flatland however, morphs into crippling hills with tumbleweeds and snakes awaiting.
most students use them every day.
this was the same in my experience as the setting affected myself.
life in itself can be an opinion.
two, the cyclist said there was a huge snake blocking his path as well as the occasional tumble weed.
the author concludes with this paragraph to show her determination.
there is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people.
this article deeply offended me, but i am glad i read it and saw a different point of view.
so, i have mixed feelings about computers.
introduction – planning- gardening – house improvement – reading – conclusion.
suddenly he noticed a passenger smoking.
the hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising.
the bicycle is very useful poor man’s vehicle.
well the internet does.
i hate money-mindedness also.
the features in the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
no, i do not believe that books,music, and etc.
the reason being is that someone else could find that book as a good resource and need it for something they are doing.
computers are a great thing for everyone.
in paragraph lines .
if a child does not have a computer at home this will.
if you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even.
computers can and make you.
three out of five homework assignments are on the computer.
also, we can not forget about freedom of the press.
but it seems like this flower gives her hope and pride.
to whom it concern, computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even, bigger hindrance.
if you let this catch on the generation will all need glasses its almost like a domino effect.
kid end up getting bad grade because they spend time on the computer.
in conclusion, the conflict of this story was set up by the setting.
dear i think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology.
obviously if the content was published in the first place it appeals to some audience.
the computer makes this easier for us to do.
if you have a confrontation about it then it could get violent .
more and more people should lay off it.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist, in the story do not exceed posted speed limit, in many ways.
i bought a platform ticket and went inside.
the going down the hill part was probably easy but the fact that he had no water left was not a good thing.
the cyclist depicted in the essay is greatly effected by his surroundings.
spending so much time on a computer can really damage a person posture.
certainly you cannot disagree with me!
you, the parents, are heading to work while your child goes to and enters into the wonderful learning center computers.
when the hibiscus buds again it will by symbolic to her and that is when she will be ready to try once again.
computer can help kids find info better we type your paper sloppy.
it scars culture, and ignores religion.
i think that she is comparing herself to the snow, the snow the geese, and the hibiscus.
some people like country and some people like alternative.
very hot, the water was also degrees!
the author states, gaining elevation while loosing hope.
the features of the setting are that there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
my second reason that i believe computers are good to have around is.
i agree that computers have a positive effect.
also, many thing require a computer.
nothing that is what we could .
each day, more kids are getting addicted to the computer.
even though they are found offensive to someone, someone else could use that material for a paper or project.
every person takes a different look at what a story says, just as every age group comprehends the message that passages give differently.
this made him less determined to reach his goal.
just as remembering the has influenced mankind not to repeat past mistakes, keeping books of the most horrible content save authors from repeating such dishonorable content.
whether people admit it or not, they have ran into at least one book that has offended them.
we can now shop cloths and other household items.
this is why the mood of the story is happy.
there so many different ways you can do it to.
your able to communicate with people all over the world.
the tent was decorated with colorful lights.
for instance, my friends all have the infamous?
as you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing.
for one, why should the books come off of shelves because some people do not like the plot of the series?
i do not believe it is.
one you can use them to get information for a project, talk to your friends, or learn about something you have never known before.
the mood he creates is comforting, yet at the same time, it is grateful and happy.
other material could be a fiction story filled with action, horror, or love.
family planning should be adopted to control the birth of children.
my third reason is children should be outside playing and exercising.
although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases.
though it still goes on i think that it is very closed minded.
for example he is in the desert and it is very hot outside.
so what if all the non sense things have caught your attention.
a close family friend of ours just bought a computers.
the show many dieting plans such as or .
we all know that it your out side when its hot, you get hot too.
according to , or have a website which can be accessed over the computer.
in conclusion, this is why i think that computers are a positive effect on people.
however censorship in a library can be a good thing if used delicately.
then there are people who just come into a library and steal the offensive material for themselves.
one such way was the setting around him.
others might argue that they have the right to read, listen, and watch what they would like.
i hope you agree on my topic.
should books, music, movies , magazines, etc.
what some people think is the most innocent book, could offend another individual.
computers, televisions, and radios have made life more pleasant.
he loves his parents what they did for him.
during the story, the author makes references to the daughter having to pass a test.
when this memoir is read the mood of love is expressed.
such things can also show anger, hate, and depression.
you want the kids in to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air?
in addition, a big factor of and is music.
the setting had everything, to do on how the cyclist had no water and thought he was going to die from heatstroke.
can we turn our back on what our forefathers knew we had the right to?
bulls and elephant like my leaves very
a small red car driven by a handsome young man could be seen in front of all others.
in conclusion, the memoir has a good and happy mood to it.
children that see inappropriate media can pick up bad behavior.
most people have different taste in books, magazines or movies.
i am telling you we need to address this matter.
what if something important happens?
when i clicked on it i was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures.
they reward him for his good service in festivals.
my class teacher is very nice and polite.
my leaves for thatching their houses.
or they might just give up on it all.
it can tell you about crimes that are happening.
for one computers help with entertainment.
the weather can change my level of ability sometimes.
the mature content in movies, books, and more should be kept in libraries because mature audiences enjoy watching and listening to them.
then at libraries there are also those books and magazines.
computers do have an effect on people.
disrespectful acts, cussing, and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature role going that will make a better environment.
why take a book off if only a few people find offensive?
like for ex he had trouble with the flat roads that was replaced by short, rolling hills.
this whole situation implied to stick to your original plan.
books, magazines, movies, and music are wonderful.
for example, in the story him riding through that terrain causes him to get tired and become even more dehydrated than he already is.
so computers are not a waste.
they believe that things should not be released if they have a bad subject matter.
my opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day.
these hills made it hard to go up on a bike, considering his lack of water, and the heat.
my point is, is that she allows to take over her.
on several occasions, my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent.
a reason why i think books that are found offensive should not be censored is because what seems offensive to one person, not be offensive to another.
since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the .
computers have brought us a long way!
that could be a hobby for adults that does not have something to do could have a good time.
the are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world.
now a days mango fruits are very expensive.
they should be able to explore however they desire.
interacting with friends and family is always a .
my last reason is that people that sit all day on a computer gain more weight.
people just have to limit their time on how much they stay on the computer.
those are all the reasons why i think computers are a good use.
people many years ago used to read books on scrolls, or even in pictures to tell stories.
for example, things they are interested to read.
we can grow as people from being offended or having offensive material brought to our attention.
this means that books, magazines, movies and music is being removed because some individuals might find it offensive.
he mentions the fact that his parents always helped friends and family in need and how selfless they were towards other people.
adults and children alike are lacking social needs.
computers make it easier to connect to people near and far.
it was useful and did not waste my time.
there are movies made for adults, but how many adults let their kids watch them to.
just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework.
yes, but at the same time it is up to you, the reader, to pick a book that does and will not make you feel uncomfortable.
second, you can get misspell words using instant messenger.
the story i just read was inspiring.
next, using computers saves trees.
they use a book to get away from the struggles of everyday life and get lost within its lively pages.
imagine life without a computer what would you do?
its not only one person to decide that.
all of this is a symbol of a new beginning for her.
in addition just going outside can do more.
keep them so people can understand life the easy way and the hard way.
another reason that a computer benefits society is ways to keep in contact with family and friends if they live to far away.
buses were late and overcrowded.
once the get in learning how to type, they end up typing fast.
computers are a good thing because you could email your family or friends any time you want too.
some people think that offensive books should be removed from library shelves.
also a computer can help unemployed people find a job.
the mood created in this story shows how family should be.
families now a days are being broken up due to computers.
the girl misses her homeland.
being on the computer too much can harm you and the people around you.
all these cereals are produced in farms.
you should think about this because this is happening to much in the world.
there is not one single thing that proves that.
should be censored in some cases.
in the memoir, the author emphasized a very specific mood.
my parents always kept their arms and their doors open to the many people we considered family, knowing that they would do the same for us.
in conclusion the censorship should not be done.
there, they can read about past and current events.
i can mess up your social life with family and friends.
movie we watch today talk about doing drugs and how cool they are and how they had fun driving a stolen car.
people are actually sharing their memories with each other, all thanks for the computer.
you want people to lock a respect for nature?
since i was the youngest i was also the shortest.
taking books off a shelf at libraries because someone thinks they are offensive?
first reason is that people waste money on it.
for example the flower was originally a wild flower and then and then it was planted in a pot.
computer even have a positive effect on people across the world.
violence is very harmful for children.
do i think we should have to take books off of shelves?
magazines are like books, they are meant to be enjoyed.
the addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or you see are real life situations and activities.
the main character was huckleberry finn who was a poor english boy whose father was a third class drunkard.
offensive materials should not be taken out of libraries, these kind of materials should just have rules.
because you wake up looking at you everyday and love you everyday and take care of you everyday.
as soon as he was about to give up his troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind him now.
nothing would be left to read, listen to or watch.
dear of the daily, i am writing you to address the issue of computers in our society today.
so everyone out there could does not like the effect of the computers have on the public, please reconsider.
sometimes books can cause things to happen in families.
some very adults have and various other things that i cannot the life of me think of thing computer get them together and they are happy.
it felt smooth an cool with a hint of velvet toward the center - just as she had known it would feel.
she is afraid that her parents are going to be mad at for not passing the test, therefore she buys a flower that she sees for it remind.
also, computers could be for fun and your used for work.
if a person wants to buy their own music, artists are required to make two of the same album, one with censors and one without.
this very bad because when your addicted to something, you can go back.
some books might be to explicit for a child to read.
this is important to because i am not very well organized when it comes to school.
this is my third reason why children should not we spending more time on computers.
when dies on the side of the cliff by when he launches the huge rock over board.
computers are a most have in a society.
pretty soon kind as a human will become all together through the .
this shows that he is thankful for his parents.
but, is not the only one who talks to relatives on the internet.
books are here to enlighten people and let them experience something they never would have been able to on their own.
the author also described their friendship with their neighbors.
dear readers, on the current debate of the effects of computers, i believe they strongly benefit all people.
so keep our libraries filled with interesting things without censoring them!
with a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture.
a library, a citadel of knowledge, should not be bound by a society as to what knowledge it can convey.
and sold in stores for adults that are twenty one and older.
the computer could teach babies how to talk.
well you want an answer and i will give you one.
a lot of the contradicts what i have been taught.
the world in which they lived in had dramatically been affected by the impact of peoples opinions.
keep reading to find out more.
he does not waste and electricity.
also, that everyone cared about everyone else.
there is always a choice of what to do and what not to do.
plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their online bank accounts, so now.
i was little i rarely ever went on the computer.
they could be using that time to be around family and friends making memories.
should people have the right to remove books, music, movies, or magazines from our shelves because they are found offensive to one person?
in the last paragraph when she vows that she will take that test again it gives you a sense that everything will be okay.
those old men had him through neck and been, once he made it to the next town he knew with those conditions
an artist or songwriter will write, rap, and sing songs about what they want.
and all those websites can help .
you are always thinking about just that and no other things in life.
also, who knows teens are doing on the computer.
i think that for this reason you used the computer for good thing.
i have grown many kinds of flower plants in it.
after that, they can not tell you to get off of it, unless you are violating the law or looking up something not age appropriate.
you can even learn new recipes.
i know when i get bored i go on the computer and play a game called .
i am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers.
people should have the freedom of speech but not in an offensive manner.
his mind entered a state of sad, and hopeless thoughts, but he persevered and cycled on.
also the setting seems to be very dry and have desert like conditions, without water the cyclist would be dehydrated and could suffer from a heat stroke.
furthermore, a book contain images not suitable for children.
the only people who make hay there, are the hawkers.
there is not one ounce of sadness to me, just a happy and inviting family which comforts me.
this can be a big problem.
in the story he told the many sacrifices his parents made to give him a better life than the one they had.
those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad.
in the story the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
offensive material could also be learning material
as for the music, we would just stomp our feet and clap our hands to make music.
the computer is a technology that has come to make daily life simple.
let us start with books.
my friend was on his computer typing a report, and then his computer shut down.
she then takes it home and shows the plant to her mother.
will never forget his home.
censorship is morally wrong, as well as lawfully wrong.
she became and cleaner.
i hope you can agree with me
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is a meaningful summary of the events in the story.
i do believe there are stories written that are not appropriate.
the last way the computer helps out the its with box from there.
books are much more accurate!
the government, with the ability to censor libraries, can hinder our exposure to ideas unknown to us.
but instead is composed of those whom you love and who love you.
remember, it was built for those who enjoy reading and so people can have a place to do so.
the features of the setting had a big impact on the cyclist.
she accepts this as a new chance to start fresh , and then try to pass the test.
in our country we are allowed to express our opinion by the .
anyone can see what you put so you should be safe.
there nothing to loose.
he also creates a mood of happiness, unity and overall loving, that he has seen throughout his lifetime.
for some people this book they will or have even read this book several times, i know i have.
but, a computer can also be used for learning.
movies tell you what it is rated.
in conclusion, technology will basically help you in the future well.
the author of the memoir creates a very loving, peaceful, and happy mood in the story.
we make our own decisions whether people like it or not.
that is why the internet is very helpful.
before you bring books off the shelves, you should ask and write down what other people like instead of doing what you think is right.
the mood also sounds very loving because he loves his parents for moving to .
many people become addicted to computers.
that is what his parents, they always help people when they need it.
in doing this will connect to other ways of life.
with little water, it was easier for him to get dehydrated.
this is accentuated especially in the dark psychological science fiction novel by , .
were you ever wondering about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue but you just cant think of it?
it lets you right anything you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you wanted to.
lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school?
you can also meet new people from different countries and become their.
i know that i would.
when i went to for a vacation, i learned about the differences in traditions and culture.
the reader at that point would expect for her to be very sad and depressed.
people in the workplace are distracted two.
libraries are often thought of as a room full of books inside a school building.
one of the greatest electronics invented.
just like the hibiscus flower and the geese.
he saves many lives.
they could be apart for months or even years.
i believe the author ends the story with this sentence to show how she overcome obstacles emotionally and how the hibiscus plant is a sigh of hope for future.
i will stand against censorship until it has felt the mighty blow that it has inflicted on so many beautiful works.
to whom this concern: i heard that people are having a debate to tell whether computers benefit us or are bad for us.
there are many other reason why computers have a positive effects of people.
children have actives mind that pick up on everything around them.
the bumpy roods and hills make him work harder.
most books on sex teaches you the right and wrong things to do and how to stay self.
so many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience.
of course they should.
so people should just spend a part of their day on the computer.
our media is too intertwined with our lives.
they are so ugly and gross that some people cant stand it.
this shows the effect the exposure to heat had on cyclist.
in the essay the cyclist explains that, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
so, who would be the judge of whether a material is offensive of not?
these questions do not come naturally but only through her viewing of material that she was not ready to view.
in conclusion, i believe that computers are positive for three main reasons.
computers are a hundred percent health for you.
do you know anyone in the world that can say the computer is not fun.
the population of india has increased at an alarming rate after independence.
the cyclist was traveling through a very dry area, where it was very hot, dry and dangerous.
this all happened because she was addicted to a website.
i began breaking the ride down into distances i could see on the horizon telling myself that if i could make it that far , id be fine.
most kids come home from school and go on aim.
by the very dry climates
some talk about nonfiction and some fiction.
the censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unjust.
then that will be the time to retake her driving test that she failed, which was before she bought the plant.
than the children learn and they go out there and do the same thing.
i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education.
and you can send pictures or videos to people in order to keep in touch.
it is up to them if they want there kid listening to or reading material like that.
many people love different types of books, no matter if they are offensive or not others like them.
this is what they should do about books that are found offensive.
this is second reason.
if education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored.
that is, of course, an obvious statement.
libraries are for studying, learning, and entertainment in a quiet, peaceful place.
it is a nasty part of reality.
what happens when someone says the bible is offensive.
then the student could be in trouble.
if i could pick what to do i would keep the books on the shelves and make the kid happy
another part about censorship is where to draw the line on what is offensive enough to be censored.
it has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information.
i know this because in the story he said there was no one in sight, not a building, car or structure of any kind.
we could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring nature!
i can and will say i experimented with life.
the theme is that one must overcome hardships and seek new beginnings.
this ending gives hope to the reader and it also tells the reader to practice.
do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect?
computer put negative affects on people of all and i think we should stop and think about what we are doing.
when college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down.
music should not matter to parents, so there should be no problem there.
he can jump high across a fence and run very fast.
it often makes people stand up for what they believe.
books, movies, music, magazines, or even computer excess.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist by him dehydrating and running out of time and energy.
to her, the hibiscus is a symbol of herself and if it survives, she knows that she too can survive.
if not everybody would get bored of the same books.
there is nothing to worry about.
lastly, the type of road and amount of ground that he has to cover after affects his performance.
he even at one point felt that he might die.
these days it is very popular.
as a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says.
' day , my dad was pulled over three times for : .'
the winter is the current season and spring is on its way.
so what do you think about them?
all they do is sit down eat on unhealthy snack and play games, and videos.
in conclusion, computers do not benefit society.
can create an interest in other cultures, and shape our opinions discover things about other places.
traveling is also a good way to get outside.
their is a problem for this idea, what books should go into this section of the library?
no matter our color, size, looks, or personalities, we are all created equally as our constitution says.
sometimes the best thing to is get some fresh air and interact with others.
and your spend all your time on the computer.
computer are like a giant resource of information.
you save time and money on gas by doing so.
computers can be good, but not for everything in your life.
if our libraries took out every item that was offensive to someone, there would simply be no library.
now if the books are only meant to be seen by adult eyes then, yes by all means remove them.
and no their reading.
the temperature was so hot, the cyclist said he felt dehydrated.
no one wants to pay more than they have to in this economy.
know you ask me to write an essay to a newspaper reflecting my views on censorship in libraries.
that is why helps people learn a different language.
society today has changed the way we once viewed our sources of entertainment.
the geese returning and the hibiscus budding means that they are also coming back to start the new year.
they agreed that if she were just a little older then she could of borrowed .
so come on down to the council on and vote for the new of the !
computers can be very they resourceful at .
instead of being on the computer all day, spending home with family and doing activities with them could be more fun.
computers bring my family together by we rent movies from on the computer.
well, to me it does benefit society in many ways like, learning online.
while your on the computer wasting time there is another homeless child wandering maybe looking for their family.
after feeling that the direction might be rough, he rode out of pride to get to his destination.
censorship is a wonderful thing to have in libraries.
this shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers.
this shows that he has been drinking his water too fast due to the heat from being in the desert at summertime.
i think censorship should be left up to the parents of that child.
the temperature in the area affect the way he drinks his water which leads him to thinking he is going to die because he is running out of water.
i think that books that are bad for children should be in there own section in the library.
each person has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library to suit their interest.
that situation could go both ways though.
children now in this day and age hear more vulgar words in school then they do in movies and television.
yet little kids love to read and could easily take a book off the shelf if they so pleased.
also, the road became very rough.
young or the section is for mainly the teens.
some of the best advertisements have won international acclaim.
when many heard about earthquake in , they could pull up information within seconds.
he talks about the memories he had there.
one thing in a book not be offensive to one individual although it could be for someone else.
ironically it was an abandoned building.
those are some the best reasons why a home computer is better than not one.
i, myself, have friend who lives in that i miss very much.
they take that because they need to use and they thought that could be helpful to their work.
of the people in the say that a computer has many people think that from a computer.
even if a movie has one offensive scene in it, the rest of the movie could be a great story that many people would benefit from seeing.
with it, we can see cultural programmes.
some of them causes us to have nightmares or have very bad behavior.
computers are damaging peoples health & should be something done about it.
some people learn on computers.
i still checked out the book, i knew i would love it, and i do!
even though they had to change jobs and take any possible work.
have you ever wondered what life would be like without computers?
the last major group of people that censorship within a school system is the potential readers and students.
lets just say you forgot where a relatives house is you can easily type in your address and his address and easily get directions.
not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same.
libraries are for children, and adults of all ages.
in conclusion, the world has become absorbed in the unrealistic fantasies racy books and magazines provide.
secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so sports.
because there are billions of people on this earth and i doubt they would all give you the same answer.
a man find a book offensive to him or his family but another man just like him find the book funny and joke about it.
books with sex scenes and murder should be allowed into they year old books.
that content times of the year the world around her changed.
i find my computer benefits the society because you can interact with others online.
that are found offensive should not be allowed to be removed from a libraries book shelves, let alone even be on the shelves.
if this problem continues to grow the whole world will be bankrupt.
they organize protests, sign petitions, etc.
books are gateways to other worlds.
my third reason is because the computer allows you to communicate with other people.
and gets there in less then a minute.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
secondly, magazines are an advertisement.
you can tell i do not have the greatest hand writing.
people these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be.
in conclusion, the water being bad, the terrain change.
that is why we should have computers and use more.
i hoped to see some of them.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affected the cyclist because they forced him to work extra hard and put forth more effort.
the geese also were a reminder that some things back home were the same.
imagine you working on a project in school.
many people claim that certain books should be allowed on shelves.
because or she finds it offensive?
parent supervision is one of the top priorities for knowing what your children read.
so you have total freedom to purchase(check out) any of those rated movies.
with them when ever i want to.
censoring books is a short term answer to a long term problem.
surveys show that out of students use the internet for information or projects for school.
this problem is similar to others around the world.
the whole human ace would be in chaos.
another example might be television shows, like .
i think we should fight for what the libraries should have in the build for our children to read.
his parents came to , with no knowledge of the language and having to endure many hardships in finding and keeping jobs.
for me i am i want to learn more about my own culture no matter of how bad it is.
throughout this there is a very happy and loving vibe.
censorship for those who understand is unacceptable, although select items should be viewed under supervision.
it puts not very good thoughts in some peoples heads.
knowledge is gained by asking, searching and learning.
some country singers can be like that to because all the sing about is getting drunk then having sex.
go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family.
computers are important to everyday life because it helps your children be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet.
if there is going to be bad things in the library the owners might make a section just for those things.
after many reports about the book, the book was taken out of the library.
what if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time.
have you ever hopped on the computer and played a game?
he is happy with his lot.
a little sparrow comes and sits on my window sill every day.
so i think that just taking it off the shelf would be a bad chose for this.
i, myself, know that too much time is being spent on computers.
it informed people of what was going on.
you can learn history about famous people places and events.
this posts the question is censorship a good thing or is bad?
so the author is saying try if you fail and set goals to never give up.
some people enjoy actually reading that stuff and nothing else.
his mood changes from happy and confident to indifferent and scared.
when she completes and past her test she wants to come home to the beautiful surroundings to remember that day.
i believe that we should be allowed to choose which books, shows, or movies we read or watch.
computers to sell something communicate with someone or just look up a new topic.
we want to learn about the places so we can travel there.
for example, a nice house or nice clothes, most families have problems trying to pay rent and do other bills if only one parent is working.
yesterday i went to the new delhi railway station to receive my uncle.
society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer.
in this essay the setting plays a crucial impact on the cyclist.
people have a right to read, listen to, and watch what they feel is good for them.
there is one thing, however that really sticks out in my mind; .
from experience with using the internet.
in the story is says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
he really had to push himself to trudge up and down each hill.
i believe people have the right to read,watch, or listen to what they want as long as it is not breaking any laws.
the author explains of how he felt of his parent that risk everything in order to give him a better future according to paragraph .
people try and do the littlest things, and they try and make a difference in the world.
i remember when i was in grade i made a new friend and she moves to in the after grade.
they have to go jump to come another day.
the animals, and the food they eat.
each parent has a different style of parenting and they choose what works best for their child.
as the winter starts fading away and the heat begins to intensify, people pack up their woolens.
the internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens.
any of the things that they read in a magazine or see in a movie are things that they could easily look up on the internet.
the mood created by the author is gratefulness.
studies show that computers are use in the winter two time as much then.
people are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight.
a lot of books and movies, great ones even, contain some offensive content but they are classics.
with all the new computer going on sale and new appliances coming no one knows when it will stop.
with computers communication is becoming faster and faster.
everyone will have there own views about a book, music, movies, or magazines.
everyone is person is , this much we can agree on.
not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have.
a number of children in the are unable to read at their appropriate grade level.
dear , the computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde haired girl filled the screen.
you are probably wandering how this is and think that i am insane but there are legitimate reasons.
what if it messes up their childhood?
the flower represents her.
you might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer.
a young man-knight without armour-offered me his seat near the exit.
also, for adults, they can take care of some finances and bills online and some taxes.
overall think the library is not a place to take things away when any one is welcome.
it reminded her of her old home.
i no, stupid rules right?
some scientists think people are spending too much time on the computer.
kids are faced with issues of right and wrong everyday, and parents should learn to trust that their child is making the right decision.
also can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities.
where do we draw the line?
when you are sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you.
for years now people have wanted books that are read in school to be censored for bad language.
out of people keep in touch with family or friends online.
who is to blame for opening the book and reading it?
you can also feel lighter and better about yourself, you will be more active.
reasons are that they can educate , they make things easy, they are enjoyable.
life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up.
if we would get rid of all of the magazines in the world then there would be a cut down on all those horrible advertisements that men long for.
your with your family your supposed to spend time with them.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting effect the cyclist.
if libraries censored every book that might offend someone else, then there would not be any books left for anyone to read.
it is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away.
to reject leaves you no smarter.
in school, there are times when we need to write a very lengthy composition, and it will take forever to write.
people have the right to say how they feel by any medium.
computers hurt people in many ways.
we need to go outside and exercise.
or overcoming obstacles.
she knew she had to change herself and work harder to get what she wanted.
you could not the true meaning of an art piece that the artist is trying to show, so there could be no possible abstract art.
in conclusion i informed you on why i dislike computers.
also information for homework or for work and jobs.
now imagine what that does to your body.
magazines can get pretty ugly sometimes.
just hookup your to the computer and instantly say good , or hows it going.
in my own opinion i think the setting is the most important part.
all those thing are some positive benefits people have computers.
for instance, books talking about the civil war and underground railroad need to be kept in libraries because they are significant historical events.
from a survey of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others.
more and more use computers to get the information they need, which could, in the long run, be hurting them.
now, of course cooking a turkey will most likely not come across as offensive to someone perusing through their local library, however, think about this.
i can think of several books that, i would not want a child of mine to pick up and read.
mr. kailash is a popular person.
almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too.
therefore, computers are also a huge help in the medical department well.
instead, she stared at the hibiscus is what was important t
kids should be exercising outside not siting at home on the computer.
your body will be unhealthy and out of shape.
a real cyclist can go as long as they want before the stop because they are tired.
why would they put it in there just to take it all away.
then, when we get a little older, we are assigned to read books for classes.
the last reason why i think that computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment.
one is on a rainy day.
this made him mad and his confidence dropped a lot.
furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly.
those parents should just step up and be more strict about what their child can and cannot read.
what the owner of a library will try to do is to put a little bit of everything in it.
we all have a right to read, watch, and listen to anything we please.
of will agree they spend at least hours a day on their computer.
they also find them in libraries and the more they read the more they want to do because they are influenced very easily.
but if i go to the instant message website then i can talk to her as much as i want.
some computers even have built in cameras that lets you hold conversations with peers through the computer while seeing each other.
i remember the time i was having trouble in math, so my teacher gave me this website called a .
student and employees use for everything from writing a paper to creating a presentation.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
parents might not want their kids seeing, hearing, or reading that sort of stuff.
like what kind of clothes they wore, food they ate, place the, lived in.
that is so important because a computer could do a lot.
i frequent my computer almost every hour, so i made a system to ensure i got exercise.
the moment the book, and the book alone, starts causing problems is the moment anyone should intervene.
a library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it.
think about all this the next time you want a book to be removed from the shelves
so just get off the computer and enjoy what life gave you.
i know i sometimes read to study and if they got rid of the books that i read to study.
there is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see.
the internet is also a dangerous place and the growing computer use with maximize the problem.
no mind is the same, so no mind will ever like exactly the same thing.
that other person might want to use the material, but because of restrictions set by the first person, the borrowing of the work becomes prohibited.
it can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work.
it provides us with many kinds of fish, lobsters, corals, prawn and sea plants.
some people say bibles should be allowed in libraries.
men and women go to public libraries to learn.
they stop caring about school, sports, even their friends.
thus, a poor but healthy man is better than a rich but sick man.
how would you like to read or listen to something disrespecting and calling you out of your name such as, ' did you say to me '?
everyone goes through life with different things they have to learn at different rates.
secondly, some children spend more time in the grate indoors than the outdoors.
all of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend .
they have no knowledge of this part of life, so what happens when they get in the real world and grow up?
in addition my second reason on why i agree is because students need to put more time and effort into school.
dear , i think that more people should start using computers.
the tone in the memoir is nostalgic as he recalls the hard work of his parents, the people who he considers family, the food and the music.
when i was in middle school, i was a shy, fragile, young girl.
firstly, computers are full of great advertisements.
the computer is also handy when you are going on vacation.
its the real world, the adult world.
the author further emphasizes the mood by using words like aromas, passionate.
history in books can sometimes even be offensive depending on someones lifestyle or background.
the author ends it like this because she is looking towards the future.
so explain in your next article that we need our computers.
i know nobody would want that for sure.
books such as gang violence and drug abuse are some of those books in categories of which some cant read.
on any of those sites you interact with people.
this shows that things do change but they are also the same.
after reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit.
school systems have good reasons why they censor some book, and i agree with the cooperation.
so what do you think.
there is a lot of younger kids that love to get into stuff they are not suppose to.
it is very hard to become addicted to the .
the cyclist thought he was going to die.
we spend most of our time with our family and friends so we want a little bit of time to ourselves.
this creates a tone of hope for happy times in the future.
libraries should present a wide variety of books, movies, etc.
allows someone to talk to another person using the computer.
the desert setting also affects the cyclist mind.
they are either working or playing.
it brings a very warm feeling about you.
i have had problems with this before.
i would hate for some little year old or year old to pick that thing up she would be scarred for life.
everyone is different.
the author noticed the terrain changing, flat road.
people make emails, download music and several other things.
censorship is unacceptable in all forms in a free country that promotes civil rights.
is right to have censorship in libraries?
although this information be in a local library.
not to mention the fear some publishers or authors will have in publishing their works.
going to college online is so easy.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
this is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries.
the author might conclude the story with this because it shows that the girl had confidence that when the flower blooms she will be able to pass.
this opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable.
explicit content can give children more details about how things really are in life.
if you watch movies on or they do not censor the movies because those are movie channels only.
he also writes that not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty.
i am not one to deny anyone their rights.
it runs on battery and plays soft music when it moves.
movies should also be censored.
every has a different opinion on different matters based on their beliefs and life experiences.
my friend, when he was little, would play outside for hours and hours at a time.
it is the people around you causing the offensive news.
a common side effect of dehydration is hallucination, which the cyclist knew.
obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes.
new , computers is a benefit to society.
i do not really understand that.
i think no, and there are many reasons as to why i disagree with this idea.
i know what is out there and some of the books or movies are not always kid rated.
should not be censored.
many people including parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries.
she described her parents well enough to put me in her shoes.
the younger you are you can learn more about the stuff
thank you for your time.
but sometimes people think that their opinions are the only opinions that matter.
what children see they imitate, even in the first couple years of their lives.
to conclusion i believe computers have a huge negative effect on people.
the computer allows you to do things without actually encountering their happenings.
as he began to approach the desert, he noticed he was running low on water.
if i see one, i just try ignore it; i do not pick it up and read the back or take it home and read it.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph.
dear , you use a computer a lot right?
this cause an effect on that child and they start to act like that or want to become like the person the song is describing.
my other thought would be what i would do is let the reader decide censor it or keep it the way it was intended.
the bus took a few passengers and moved on.
therefore, the heat is only made worse by the look of water on the cyclist path.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that is what matters.
this is due to censorship.
whatever occurs you always go back to your roots.
another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information.
i remember the time when i read an online novel and my whole body was ready to go and play.
so computer have chipped into that.
i hope you take my thoughts into consideration.
why try to block out negative things when there all around you.
take for instance the movie ' .'
it is just a way to make learning fun for young kids.
after i wake up, i wish my parents.
if a student does some mistake, he is not very harsh to him.
if we need communication we have phones.
might not be running but its fun.
my first reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide.
with all of this media we have learned many things that we use today from past trials and failures.
seeing this brought back all the memories of her life back home [] that kept her going.
being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death.
there are many website on the internet that teach kids to type.
these children are exploring the literature world to learn and grow.
i know they might not be the best reasons, but they are quite important to me.
another reason that it is family is because that is what he felt every one was to him.
the formal mood makes the memoir easy to understand, while the personal twist makes the story enjoyable to read.
now most, to all should know that there are children sections in most, if not all libraries.
it puts a huge tall on you life.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information.
i go to my page and feel the cool keys under my fingertips as i send to my friend in .
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are both a good and a bad thing.
because he loved living there with his parents and having family members around and being able to learn about his heritage.
they have a right to write and we have a right to read and no one should take that right away.
part this is due to spending too much time on the computer.
nobody in this entire world is exactly the same.
secondly there is the fact that a computer can transport somebody in there mind.
the extra information in the parentheses also provide a grateful tone to the piece of writing.
with censorship, all of these things can be accomplished.
he starts off describing his life so far and family.
i believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one.
it was on a , and my mother was just about to have a baby.
she was a test to her ability to function in her new country and she failed.
no books would be left if we censored libraries because people could find thing bad or unmoral in every book.
if we do that, then all the books would be off the shelf.
went up to the main desk and started complaining.
the mood created by the author is loving because it talks about how generous and caring his family is.
therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed.
taking that away is very serious.
music can tell you the life of people by poetry.
the next thing that i think should be censured at the library is magazines.
rough roads make him work hard to get through and then over the hills.
he is enjoying every family moment.
the affects on them are that people get learn things easier.
a child will only learn more by challenging themselves.
so, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives.
my mother actually contacts actors in videos to see if they want to become professionals.
everyone should be able to express themselves and what they like.
so the setting is affecting the cyclists endurance.
my year old niece can read quite well and is very impressionable as are many young children.
with this in mind, there comes a problem with what is wrong and right.
this day and age is evil all around the world.
they are easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, and even learn by going to an online school or college they offer.
by cycling towards up and down no often, it secured his journey.
people have a right to do what they want.
i think that reading books is a very positive thing.
you could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life.
the music was always playing and family came a lot.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
you can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know.
for example a teenager say while typing a paper that she really likes to write.
life is to short to worry and feel offended.
that can lead to fatness.
saving money computer tell you where to get good prices to save money.
usually brings a picture to my mind of a very dry, hot place.
then he talks about the neighborhood and how together are great solidarity and friendships.
a library has many different things found in it: books, magazines, movies, and some have music.
the possibilities computer allow you to do is research.
with any of these reasons, computers are really benefiting our society.
through the knowledge of this hunger, i was able to start a fundraiser at my church.
this, also with the heat factor, caused him to use up his much needed water supply.
many hobbies can be used commercially and it can bring fame.
the author wants to emphasize that the story is not yet over.
there are some books that have some pretty nasty stuff in them that you could find in a library.
that is only one of the reasons i think computers are beneficial to society.
the desert just made him want water even more.
there were no buildings nor cars around so he had no way of asking anybody for help if needed.
these materials not be offensive to some people, but it can be to others.
the tree was laden with fruit.
a test done by showed that teens will rebel times more than usual with the aid of a computer.
well then they can use their computer to stay in touch.
the author did it to symbolize things.
even though she failed her drivers test she still has determination to take it, and try to pass again.
these are the days of feasting and merry-making.
if they are conflicted by a movie, they should just watch it and test it to see if they really need to have it pulled off the shelf.
computers let you talk your you right.
these different optical affected his mood and how determined he was.
that is what i think affected the cyclist.
a child could much more easily go to a computer and find anything offensive they want to find with the click of a button.
spring season is the best time for doing any work.
when adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors being naughty on television, it makes it seem right.
all in all; censorship depends on what age group the consumer is in really.
social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material.
instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it.
when that happens a person will forget whats really important to them.
nobody would know much about other nations and news would travel slower.
now everybody would have to do what i wish.
he was very thankful for their giving arms to anyone who needed them and for their warm attitudes and teachings of what family really defines.
readers please, try avoiding you computers for just one week, and you can forget those jet plane.
such as a book, magazine, music album, or a movie.
you have online in real life toy call in love.
yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you.
finally i think people should have to give up reading, listening to, watching or looking at things that be interesting to them
so you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer.
here two example of why they should be remove from the shelves music and magazines.
i would get the cooperation of all my staff members.
or simply if a friend cant get a ride to another friends house they on still talk on the computer.
second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework.
my father went to drop them back home.
sometimes we have family that lives long distance, no one wants to pay for a call so we have the internet to connect!
he should wear clean clothes.
i know people like to think that they know everything there is to know just because they have their own ways and thoughts.
firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family.
the sites all help people make new friends online almost like pen pals on the internet.
even though people think it take time from exercising and interacting with people it not really time.
when they are sad, mad, upset, confused, etc.
also i think if there is bad music it should be taken off the shelves.
with exercising can go outside and play sport such as basketball, soccer baseball, etc.
no good comes from hiding it.
i know that after a long time on the computer i have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad.
they are causing a variety of problems in peoples health, mind, etc.
because the towns were deserted, the cyclist water supply was dwindling because there was no place where he could get more water.
for example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about .
if someone disagreed with this and felt that it was too serious or offensive to young readers, many new readers would never know this book.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he is proud of his family, their background, and the way he grew up.
censoring one piece of literature opens the doors of debate for every other piece ever created.
the project took me days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete.
in conclusion there are many people that or not like the books or other things that they find offensive but every one has there opinion.
its amazing what technology does.
with that being the case friends make friends now without even knowing that person with full understanding.
i think that people exercising more, and spend time with family and friends.
writing is a form of expression.
the desert environment is very, unforgiving.
libraries contain plenty of books, music, movies, and magazines for everyone.
discipline is very important for every school.
children should not see any of the content because it is not right for a child.
so she wanted to take it again, around the time of a new beginning; when the geese fly over again and the plant grows.
so with that being said, the changing or starting over could represent his chance to take test can start over, and he will get another chance.
there are some that need to be clean up.
later, this food returns to the camel’s mouth and the camel chews it again.
do you really think need computers to live?
depending on the person, some books be offensive to some, but not all.
here are some of the examples that i can think of just off of the top of my head.
the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting.
they will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea.
it also has a very loving tone to it.
reading is yet fun but it is also , with out being in school!
that one book could stimulate this white mans thoughts and he could try to put his thoughts into action.
way too people get away with way too many things in this day and age.
this is why the camel is called the ship of the desert.
he described his parents to be very caring and always put their children before their needs.
computers do have effect on people.
as mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone.
after all the world is a very diverse place and we were not all made the same.
why should libraries have one?
the computer are the best system for go online every body use computer.
he even told the concerned people what he expected to get.
these are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so helpful.
i think songs that have words bleeped out over the radio pointless because you teenager will know what they say anyway.
all of the computers were filled with people and, a line with people ready to go on next.
online chat especially has an effect on most people because were trading in a fun day for one where we just talk online and back internet.
there are just too many things that can be taken offensively.
remove a book from a shelf is like decrease from knowledge that could have been known.
he once went by a big snake that he cautiously had to ride around.
music should remain in libraries because of the cultural and educational sounds that most cannot find at their local music store.
a clueless society is a useless society, and in the end they were destroyed.
computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures.
dear , and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology.
first off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.)
hand eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball.
they make his journey seem hopeless.
there will always be at least person that stands up and retaliates against something they dislike.
is good and bad in a way, is good because because your phone bill wont be that high up so you save minutes.
this gives the the memoir a loving and accepting mood to it.
as i said before, media is just another way to gain knowledge
now imagine it gone from the libraries.
the computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities.
over of the sites used by teens are based on networking.
i did stupid stuff because i thought that it was right.
exercising, a very important thing for a healthy body and mind have a hard enough time finding time to do this.
should be remove from the shelves if they are found offensive choice is no.
to learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work.
this would eventually remove our freedom.
censorship in media has been around since the beginning of .
is it not cool anymore?
sometimes what is considered offensive to one person, is essential to another.
computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them.
he encountered rolling hills that took a lot of energy to ride up.
when the child reads this, he might want to do everything that is in the book.
the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit by suffers from some hardship while riding through the desert.
no i do not figure that.
i think the last time i spent some time with my family was about weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit.
someone who is pro life on the controversial issue of abortion believe that a book about a teenage girl getting an abortion is offensive and against their beliefs.
he explains his parents doings.
one of them was he hills the it was a problem because it used most of his energy and slowed him down.
i wanted to row but my father was afraid to let me do that.
there are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and have no meaning.
i soon got chubby and gained about lbs!
how a man would react to a given set of circumstances or action.
if we do not stand up and protect our rights, then who will?
my last reason is you can make friends.
so what if some expert think people are spending to much time on the computer and not exercising, enjoying natures and interacting with family and friends.
you thought that way, you thought wrong!
books even if they are offensive can show someones thoughts and ideas that could have changed the world.
computers especially help out college students.
also this will help people that are shy around people.
every mind that is among the world is extremely different, just as every book is.
he was affected by lack of water, the hills, snake in the way and the condition of the road.
it is not right for the kids to see any offensive or uncensored material.
certain materials that are not appropriate for people of all ages should be placed high up, or in their own area where not everyone is aloud at.
however within a library there are limits toward what they offer and what you can get.
he was the first author to do .
people can use laptops out doors.
i think this is wrong.
when you first walk into a library you except to see people checking out books , or books that catch your eye just by the title.
he can use the computer to help him find that phone number.
the mood of this memoir is cozy in the beginning as he describes what his house was like and his own definition of family.
through this shortcut are hills and heat and lack of water.
but he is fair and loving.
too many books and movies are showing that relying on violence is a good thing.
some people sit at home and read to become smarter, right?
how many times would china be in the newspaper?
day was in the library with the rest his class, assigned to researching his topic in a book.
the conditions of the road in the settings affect the cyclist because the roads are rough.
overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society.
what about little kids?
it has a long neck and a tiny head.
they teach new things.
i bet that if computers were taken away for year, then the changes in health would be drastic.
however, because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects, this is a difficult statement to make.
many people think computers are bad or that we spend less time outside because of them.
so thing can happen if you do the wrong stuff.
that is why i think the author used such a powerful statement at the end.
later however, his determination was fading as he realized that his short cut was not so short after all.
they allow you to do so many different things.
thank you for taking time to read my letter.
because of this they are staying inside and on their computer.
kids try to learn people talk like websites things that they are not able to and over they can see are on .
after an hour or so, i woke up and went to my parents’ room.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting affects the story very much for many reasons.
well in the library they will have generations of books on offensive material.
you would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again.
this knowledge that you always hide from them be what they need to know later on, and wont know when they need .
you could do by a click of a button.
we never all like the same thing.
i would well-equip the laboratories.
the spring season will come and new life will be provided to all.
computer addicts do this almost everyday and before they know it, they are.
under the conditions he could barely survive and make it to his destination.
i do not think that they should be taken off of the shelf because some people find it offensive.
that is why computers are so positive.
dear of my local news paper: you believe this garbage that the so called expert are saying about computers?
doing this would grant the people who wish to see this type of material access to the material.
dear , one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button.
this is why computers are so helpful because they give a way to research other places around the globe.
clearly communication is a must have.
people of any age should be able to check out any book they please
could even change their lives.
a bus stop hums with life and activity.
if you are stuck on a computer for hours a day you will never have any family memories.
removing books from the library because they are offensive is a good idea.
also, things like and face book help people to stay in touch with old and distant friends.
you can stay away from those sections if you find them offensive.
first reason is computers help learn yoga.
however, these books, who many find offensive, could also be beneficial to its readers.
in conclusion, computers have a very negative affect on people.
it allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves.
here are my detailed reasons.
family and friends are huge parts of our life.
every citizen in wants to be healthy.
i know this from some clues in the text.
a public library can but there are mostly adults there.
not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another.
but there is a good side as well.
what they are told on the television is thought of to be factual, and that is what they do all day.
libraries have families and young children going to them that do not need to see, hear, and read certain things.
family is very important in the excerpt.
computers are amazing!
the would always have junk food when was on the computer.
i am a student of the eighth grade.
libraries should have books that will help you increase your vocabulary as well as educate you.
after six hours we reached kalka station.
it is illegal however to check one out to a child of a young age.
as a result many people are not as healthy as they should be.
he feels more confident and can ride to his destination.
so think about the decision you are making and will benefit our society or make our society to its knees.
dear local newspaper, i have herd that some people do not agree that computer benefit our society.
this one problem ran also affect you so many other ways.
they have improved our society.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
but the big reason is grateful is her family.
for example she said that in spring when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then she would take the test over.
by violating the openly, this opens the door for other areas to be violated in the .
they certainly take the best parts of online interaction and put them together.
will read the book in her own mind while finding it in the adult section of the library far from children; this scenario is how it should be.
people know what they want.
so the children care more about the internet the being healthy.
during the rainy season, raincoats and umbrellas are constant companions.
the pebbles that he found helps him out.
it shocked me that someone would put that book in a public library and let the foreign and others read it.
it is the crying need of the hour to plant more and more trees.
dear , out of ten people spend their time on the computers.
badminton originated thousands of years ago in india, before many of the other sports were commercialized.
no matter how long or hard it would be she would get it done.
have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on ?
we can go the web and facilitate our life.
no one forced the act on me.
i can bet the number is going to be about of the time you are in you office.
the streets turned into small streams.
magazines are stocked on shelves in stores and on the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself.
i also think students rely on computers to do work too.
means hes starting to realize his waters running short.
you can also learn about different people and places.
in a recent poll out of people say that computers had made them more social.
the snake and rolling hills slow him down, and make him use more energy.
all in all , having computers is a great investment.
as a daily newspaper reader, i could not quiet my voice any longer.
he becomes senseless.
all of these sites allow you to find family members, friends, and many more.
in the kitchen was the backdrop to life in their home.
an achievement technology and science that improve all our lives.
a century ago talking to people instantly seemed just about impossible.
just like these degrading items found in everyday stores, libraries, or in general everywhere you go.
how can you survive?
i believe censorship is a great thing for youth.
computers are very convenient.
that saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees!
you need to have a limit.
the setting of this place effects the cyclist very much.
well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make!
also she likes the geese and the hibiscus and these things might make her feel more comfortable.
especially kids should be outside playing and exercising.
where he was raised, and mainly the life his parents provided for him.
these examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand.
well i think they have a positive effect on people.
if the prompt does happen to be including foreign countries, then i think humans do not have the right to influence what other people read.
they are having a positive effect on people.
my thirdly reason is, how to search on google or the .
you can be talking on video chat with someone from another country, and guess what?
computers are very important to society.
if i were to go to a library now, i would find many selections that correspond to my ideal novel or magazine.
my views on censorship in libraries are alike in many different ways.
you can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime.
he regained hope and moved ahead.
that why i think computers are a good thing.
the computer is good for doing homework you cant then always .
there are a lot more good than bad things.
even very little kids can play games.
taking there hard work off the shelves, because some little thing offends someone, is not fair to them.
secondly, every computer that i have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website.
the mood that the author of this memoir is one of love and togetherness.
you think of some of the worst books out there, who would want to read those anyway.
well they are for shadowing because they are telling you something that she says she is going to do in the future.
if i look in the library, i could find a book with offensive material, but the book could still be a very good book.
they do not have to take it out on certain authors just because they did not enjoy what other people might.
did you know that is recording everything you do online?
physical fitness is a condition for mental alertness.
in addition, computers are a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
and we all have our own views in what type of genre we enjoy listening, reading or watching.
earlier in the story she says that she failed the test, because she did not impress her mom.
there are some material in libraries i think should be censored to a certain degree.
computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned.
with no computers you could have so much free time for your friends and family if you could only imagine!
computers have helped make that easier.
these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today.
this he meant that no matter what background their neighbors were from, they always welcomed each other.
people would take their business elsewhere.
many people have different views on different types of things.
computers help peoples every day lives and they could be helping yours.
a library is a place that brings all sorts of people together.
as we entered the airport, it seemed like a different world.
not every writer is going to want to write about butterflies and rainbows.
therefore he drank more water.
they make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things.
my eyes stink when i am on the computer for half an hour.
we go to prepare ourselves for the challenges of being an adult.
there does not need to be any censorship in libraries.
next , i am going to talk to you about making friends just with a computer.
dear newspaper people, i think that the effects that computers have on us are good.
yes there are but using a computer is so much more faster.
also, they are very addictive.
some books have material that might not belong in the hands of children.
an ideal student should complete his home-work.
in addition, computers can help people get neat and clean.
people argue that certain media should be removed from libraries because they find it offensive.
computers turn kids and parents into wild beasts.
not their choice though.
and how important my family is to me.
this document has amendments.
hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature.
tumble weeds crossed past him and there was no water in sight that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
so next time you are using a computers, think of all the things you are missing out in life!
lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos.
children are very curious.
here the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, formed the backdrop to life in our warm home.
when it starts budding, will take the test again.
out of people said they like typing on the computer more then writing it on .
some jobs you have to apply by computer.
everyone reacts to things differently.
for example, my grandma and grandpa both live in .
also, it can let you search for jobs.
censorship takes away all of those wonderful qualities from people.
i have family members in .
the child brought some fruit for me.
did you know that from being on the computer all the time you lose focus on exercising anymore?
that is why i think the mood created by the author in the memoir is lifting.
when the snow melts you can see the grass again which is a sign of life.
their best skill was cooking, which was fun and relaxing to them.
if we allowed anyone to censor a library then we would have no books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to.
computers can do more harm then good in a house hold.
obesity is a huge problem among the children in .
finally, i just want to say that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself.
through reading the magazines and watching movies it could help you.
world is full of offensive and rather disturbing books.
since the cyclist takes the long route, he is in the desert for a longer period of time.
i believe that computers help as much more than hurt.
she is in a new country and just failed her drivers test.
when everything turns back she will take that test and move on.
going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people.
from i hear, people do go angry over things but the question is ' gets them so angry?'
computers can the history of place not us.
at see this as a main cause for growing lack exercise and increase in time on home computers.
so whatever a kid reads or watches will probably be the same.
he is so overjoyed by this building that he wants to find the owners, and kiss them.
dear newspaper, you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off.
in addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can.
to conclude, the author used many examples to explain to readers the love that was shared in his home.
i think having a variety of topics will help expand different thoughts and make the readers of the material see things in a different way.
not letting them hear, see, or read the bad in the world.
hopefully you will the paper of of our newspaper and demand a column about computer loose the valuable time for exercise, nature, and family & friends.
the did this because so they would not have anyone try to be a rebel and over throw the .
that day i learned one important lesson.
so, if the writer thinks this, surely there is someone out there that feels the same.
so she had to take it off.
this affected him because he would get thirsty and eventually he ran out of water.
if another person wants to read the book or magazine they would just have to wait until the book or magazine is returned to the shelf.
that is not a good thing at all.
more over you can do it instantly so it gets the information anywhere in milliseconds.
you also learn more thing about place any thing.
he is also very happy and proud about how he has great parents and a great house and very very fund memories of all these things.
lastly, doctors say its not good for you to always stay on the computer.
almost every family has them.
drug use , school dropouts , and crime rates our highly because of these same video games children our getting off the shelf.
we have the technology, why not use it?
also computers have a positive effect and are beneficial to society because they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world!
this is because of less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends.
then, when i was older i would have become homeless and would have had the chance to be the star in one of these videos.
his water supply is almost gone.
quote shows the impact that people have on generations to come.
lets just say here you went to the library today and you wanted to research a paper on offensive material from the old days.
the temperature of the place that the cyclist was riding through affected him very much.
i believe that there should be a little censorship in libraries.
too bad only out of every could relate to kid message.
we should, therefore, select and read good books only.
born into a religion could be a huge affect on what their outcome is on a book, magazine, or a movie.
determined, new beginning, symbolism each are reasons why i think the author concluded the story with this paragraph.
one reason we use computers is for pleasure.
as you can see the setting has a very strong affect on the cyclist.
that is why at a given point in time, some part of world experience summer and some winter.
face it, forcing an atheist to read an emotionally comprehensive novel of the faith will not be stood for by the reader.
well about of the world says that computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family, and different people around the world.
the uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend.
it reunites lots of family & friends you might have been looking for.
you get large phone bills just for a two minute long distance call?
not just person should be able to talk for everyone.
the mood created is happiness & pride.
internet sites, like extremely useful.
other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today.
which effects him because hes beginning to loose hope and thinks hes not going to make it.
first, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends.
the answer to this problem is strict censorship.
there are so many books and movies out there that teach us of life before our generation.
some banned books parents will look at and say, ' would this be banned?
chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous.
all these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising.
his confidence is high, and he is ready to continue his adventure.
the book i found was a book called ' ' by .
she walks home and finds a hibiscus.
computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it.
in schools across the country, many authors are not in the public school libraries.
this then begs the question is it okay to censor certain books from the shelves of a library which can potentially enlighten us as growing students?
if you think about it, there is a law called freedom of speech.
watching videos or tweeting a friends.
the aridity of the climate would cause the author to have to struggle against himself and the conditions around him.
remember the words of shakespeare.
they had to start over and that is what made him most grateful for his parents.
in my opinion i think that the author sets a loving mood.
they also give us the ability to learn.
also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type.
books are not excluded from this rule.
furthermore you can play with your friends, and in the process develops social skills.
dear local newspaper, i has come to my attention that many of us disagree on weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
i found directions within a second using a computer.
at the beginning of the ride, the cyclist is feeling good and strong and the day as well as the journey, is just beginning.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
this is why censorship in libraries should never be an issue.
finally the last way a library could help is by making sure the child is old enough to check out a book or a movie.
i believe that censorship in libraries is wrong.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
this last paragraph reveals something special to the reader.
now that it is so easy, children begin to think things come easily in life.
so now hes riding and angry that he took their tips.
in doing so they turned an apartment into a place of love and caring that he will never forget and more importantly passed this love onto him.
books open a new world to everyone and should not be taken away.
finally, computers have established amazing entertainment for people of all ages.
a place where people live and get shelter is a house, there are two kinds of houses.
not only are computers causing emotional danger, but also physical.
the cyclist a had rough time.
again, our technology is so advanced now that there is a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we are doing.
am i know in my heart that they are sorry for hurting you in anyway.
if books are removed from the shelves due to censorship, than what is the point of writing or even reading books?
movies are the same with music.
they never go for a jog or eat healthy foods.
people might get offended and stop going to the library.
if everyone went to the library and took everything that they thought was offensive off the shelves, we would have nothing left.
with just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home.
but spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels.
but, as mentioned earlier, censorship should only be to a certain degree.
that way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check.
well that was another opinion of mine so read on to see what else i got.
many of these companies let us take these devices to allow as to do everyday things.
you need your daily intake of oxygen.
they are simple things in life, but once gone they are a huge gap missing.
he went to find a book to look at and i went to find a good book to read.
it has to start somewhere, every little start causes for a great ending.
those are just three reasons why you should not let people remove anything off of any shelves.
when she failed her mother was disappointed.
so, as you can see those are the moods i think the author created in the memoir.
also kids can get obese witch is already a greatly growing process.
these two opinions can cause an intriguing argument.
now, the internet contains many social networking sites, such as , , and where you can reunite with lost pals.
to bring magic in you include carrot, onions, garlic and plenty of leafy vegetables in your diet.
libraries spend their money to buy these books for the communities.
both options are unacceptable.
yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment.
some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on their computers.
that he love them anyways even if it is good or bad.
computers do benefit our society today.
if you are a shy person this can help you.
this website lets people upload videos.
if libraries censor their books, then other materials might start vanishing as well.
people say that this music helps them calm their anger down.
after one hill the cyclist sees a building.
the first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to right away.
to censor libraries would neglect parent responsibilities, destroy our profitable media, and be unconstitutional.
lastly, he was lost.
if there is something that is removed from shelves it should have a good reason.
i think that everything in libraries are very important and who is to know that everybody wants this to happen.
you can talk to people without the expensive phone bill.
welcoming family in their home showed love.
the road was straight but almost to the end there were many hills.
if everyone were to expect their feelings to be accounted by everyone, they are mistaken.
throughout our twelve years of school, students are taught to think for themselves and make their own decisions.
walking in and , we see books, music, and magazines lining the walls, most containing explicit material.
kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects.
prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday.
this memoir is all about heritage and the home.
if you are on the computer you on family friend time that could be being used as a fishing trip or a walk in the woods.
there are even movies that are like those books.
rough roads did as well.
or playing , you are addicted to the it can also interfere with family events, sports.
there are thousands of fun games online that can help improve your reflexes and eyesight.
children see it outside of school and stay away from it then so they can stay away from it in school also.
because of some of the programs like , or , i am able to converse with cousins.
because computers have way more storage for more information.
you can research people and places and or get pictures.
so as you can see computers have many wonderful effects on people.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
the author also had to deal with rough terrain when he rode his bike through the hills.
this is where censorship comes into play.
some people think it is a good idea and same do not.
i think the author concluded the story with this paragraph because it shows that the character in the story is starting to adapt to her new country.
this is how i feel on the matter of getting ride of books.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history.
some material have offensive comments that is sexual.
leisure can restore our energy, comfort us and make us strong to work again.
the author does an excellent job for creating many moods in this memoir.
we reached the railway station.
another feature of the setting was the desert and the high temperatures.
in the follow paragraphs i will continue to support more of my answer.
dear , computers are an amazing advantage to use in this modern day and age.
when the hibiscus is ready to bloom, she will be ready to drive.
but what can you do about that?
computers also help with instructions on how to make things.
then the story takes an unexpected turn.
she went through a change, much like the geese do every winter.
as you probably know, not all kids are alike.
it was all about starting new and overcoming obstacles.
i think that computers have a positive affect on people.
with the games like a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old.
i strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely.
no matter what the book is about people have the choice to read them or not so why should libraries have to remove books that some might find offensive?
the overall mood in this memoir would have to be thankfulness.
if one waited a season or two, her homesickness would most likely drift away and she would be able to focus on meeting her goal.
you can even go in chat room.
moreover, computers help with communication.
sometimes life can be so cool.
it is up to the world to unleash it and make something out of it.
dear , recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives.
number of unemployed is rising fast.
for example, there is .
there are billion people in the world.
computers are a big part of the working society today.
the large snake presented an air of danger and another abandoned grape juice factory added to the hopeless lost tone.
but it was just right for me.
how would the author feel about their material getting reported because of somebody getting offensive by it?
a and , computer systems are the leading cause of a lack of exercise.
both of these things you can do without a computer.
all of those computer related things would not there for there were no computer.
parents should make sure that their children are not reading inappropriate things or listening to offensive music or watching or rated movies.
the coming of spring also symbolizes renewal and birth.
the terrain was also bumpy and rough to travel on.
spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things.
the cyclist was beginning to lose hope after reading the sign, but he kept going.
if they wanted to have free time to go and read magazines, they should do at home.
her parents would never let her read the books by .
she vows silently that in a year she will take the test again.
libraries should only have history, math , and educational books.
if everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social.
if a library has educational music, why not keep them in there?
also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer.
no one would know what an author would be leading too, not a single artist could display their art.
now a days out of people are over weight or obese.
censorship is a growing issue in the .
he believed himself that he can be alive.
which would you rather do, type or pages?
you get to learn about famous people you do not know about so all you have to do is go on the computer and look up your celebrity.
these are simple and save lots of time.
i was excited yet scared.
also, like i mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you.
when she is at the orchard she sees the hibiscus and has memories of her old home making her cry but yet feel good at the same time.
lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world.
in conclusion that is how the features of setting affected the cyclist.
parents can not always control what their children do.
but just to fill you if you stay your computer it can promote the need for glasses obesity.
if people avoid their computers then we could be one of the fittest countries.
he used several books to get information on the topic and i used the computer.
posting pictures on the and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse.
set up programs at your house or town for turning off the computers.
is this what you want every home to start looking like?
last, they even have the ability to locate missing people.
this is how a library serves a community
computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge.
does that sound fair to you?
it read that sucking on stones help take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulate.
for little kids i think that they should have things censored because there young.
if you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online.
that is why i think computers are helpful.
many people get offended in this word way to easy.
they can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school.
the most beautiful part of its body is the long tail.
i honestly say some of these censored words.
if a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help.
leisure is an important need in our lives.
in the end, my father agreed.
she found the plant to be very comforting and it helped her get passed the tough times.
we have stooped to the level of installing offensive materials in libraries where anyone can check them out.
computers help prevent this in several way.
students would rather go on the computer.
i dust in your lungs and heat from the sun as it becomes harder for your body to work.
movies, music, and even books today can be very violent or sexual in nature, and these inappropriate subjects can have a negative impact on youths.
instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it.
i went be an ideal teacher.
this is why we have public libraries.
and what i mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn about stuff there to.
people often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well.
i think that books are there for whatever reason they were written for.
in conclusion i do believe that humans have the right to read, watch, or listen to what they want.
i strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential.
he also creates a mood of having no where to turn when it came to his parents getting jobs in the united states.
he also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up.
using my own observations, reading, and my own experience i will prove to you that we need those books on our shelves.
computers are very important and are life changing.
did you know a lot of people spend their time on the computers?
computers are excellent tools that could help students with work in school.
he gives them healthy food and keeps the stable clean.
it is someones opinion if they do not like what the book is about and if it offends them.
playing games is one way that can help you stay connected with your family.
also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends.
most kids use computers to learn about things they are doing in class.
he stays with the nanny till my mother comes back home.
the books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn to do things.
everybody has their own opinion on things, that is what makes us human individuals.
a computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children.
finally, reached another destination and again finding herself asking another older man for directions!
without a doubt this world is gorgeous and is worth while to see the nature!
dear newspaper, you know that two out of three own a computer?
these waves are linked to diseases and cancers.
many people in those businesses use not only phones to communicate, but computers as well.
computers help people learn about foreign places.
we all know that we all gain weight at some point in our life, and we can lose that weight.
you should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online.
lincoln is regarded as the greatest american president.
i will try to solve all the difficulties of my students.
everyone should have a computer, because you can chat with people.
everyone takes something offensive but not everyone takes the same thing offensive.
dear of the newspaper, is no doubt that computers don' benefit society.
my favorite part about the computer are applications like , , , and so many more.
it is a devastating outcome of using a computer too much.
so keeping these types of books help other people who are readers.
in the memoir, the author creates a specific mood to entice and interest the reader as they read more about his life.
however, i understand why someone would oppose than.
this also shows he was happy because he was spending time with so many family members and friends.
it was so hot where he was that he kept drinking his water without realizing it until he only had a couple of sips left.
i would strongly advise you consider my proposal, because it has the potential to prevent future confrontations between authors and the public.
plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home.
the internet can millions websites and photo on a wide variety of toys and faster than any other method.
most people used computers.
, it is now possible study without of the , can be done on the internet online.
have to look up something on the computer, some jobs you have to apply by computer, lastly allows you to talk online with other people.
those people do not have to read books that they find offensive.
also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer.
there are other neighbors too.
when up got picture, typed up paper, saved our was empty!
from my humble opinion some parents are very strict about censorship and i completely understand the parents point of view.
these settings were hard on the cyclist.
the third and last demonstration of the mood is how the parents took what they could get and made their house, into a home.
some ways the cyclist was affected is, the lack of water was the biggest problem he had.
now, with the internet i can able to talk again.
it is like trying to make bread without flour, without that necessity the bread will not rise its full potential.
these days, this is happening all the time.
for these reasons computers are what benefits society most.
also kids can do their projects.
it is simply a place to inform, and if someone is offended by what they see, they should stay away from the library.
anybody that is years of age or older could be in there.
he had to save as much water as possible.
people will always have something to do when they are bored, there is plenty to learn, and it keeps you organized.
many books, magazines, and television shows portray this as well.
due to computers multiple options you can look up because in the your client.
so, to sum up this paragraph, a computer is easy way to easy , and you need to keep computers to see for yourself.
we can not try to please everyone, but it will never happen.
so then making it harder for him to go one.
every school is different.
each computer bought has given someone else a new expense.
the chief guest arrived on time.
most game sites have virtual games that you can play online for !
i know that many people pay their bills online.
this is a positive effect on people because the more you know the better.
he tells how even though his community was made up of many races they still lived in friendship and unity.
on television, nudity and language is censored when dubbed inappropriate.
reading is something people choose to do for their own entertainment, for their enjoyment, to gain personal knowledge and many other reasons.
if i were to call her each call would cost .
also the girl wants to overcome her obstacle at a certain time.
books are a great part of a students learning.
companies use computers for easy access to the public.
the power of man resides in his mind.
as the cyclist begins his journey, he is confident & exited to have been offered new directions from some old wise men which promise a shortcut.
when you really do think about how much time people spend doing nothing, just sitting around, would a computer solve that problem?
finally, the computer makes you more social.
thank you for your time.
secondly, computer can be used for learning different things as well.
i hope you agree with me on this.
you cannot get away from it.
this quote is used by many parents trying to encourage their children or by coaches to motivate their time.
once the store has lost customers, they lose money, then they might even lose their store.
many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.!
therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain an essential asset in everyday life.
to begin, the as the cyclist rode on for the first miles, he did not see anything in sight.
say we take everything off the shelves off every store that is offensive in any way to people.
they want to hear the bad language and see graphic, gory scenes.
do not force your thoughts on some one else
computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country.
i think computers effect people in a positive way by helping them in positive ways.
the solo cyclist says there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
or if you wanted to know when died.
what has happened in the past cannot be changed or altered to fit our ideal visions.
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home you enjoy?
this is the amazing experience you can get from going outside.
today, there are many books that teach or give a bad message.
i had revised my syllabus twice.
you can also look for information on videos.
the setting of where the cyclist was affected him greatly.
also, computers can make things easier like typing.
either due to there religion or even if they do not like the words used.
but, some of their family and friends are to lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer.
an idle person depends too much on chance.
the film and television industries rely on ratings displayed at various times during video to provide the same sort of psychological fence dividing content into pieces.
your fingers will get muscle and will teach you to remember where to type without looking down on the keyboard.
i believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly.
clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people.
those are my beliefs about censorship in the library
i think libraries should have a different section for older, more mature people; not including children.
then it gets into talking about the hibiscus and how it reminds her of homeland and all of the good memories that she has experienced.
but many would disagree with that.
people get distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else.
social networking sites like or allow with all your friends and other online games help you met new people that could be hundreds of miles away from you!
the material that is offensive should not be on the shelves for children sake.
these are just a few of the many reasons this is wrong.
they differ in one aspect or the other.
studying shaw and hardy gives us an insight in human nature.
so that is my thoughts and believes about the topic of censorship.
many passengers came out of the compartment.
towns have become deserted, buildings rundown but the roads are kept in shape.
finally, people use computers more?
i try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and i have good relationships with them.
this can not only make the public upset, but can possibly lead to the author getting fired.
dear editor of the , people say that technology is affecting everybody left and right.
another way that computer provide entertainment is they let us listen to music.
these offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture.
i felt especially warm inside when he talked of his fond memories with friends.
he takes there directions and feels good abut it.
the quote in short words for me means what should and should not be allowed for children and what they should learn as children.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
she wants to try again, her test.
they both overcome obstacles.
there are many ways we can track the content of the things we can checkout.
would you rather your kids to learn things from the facts or learn from friends?
it helps people think of new ideas.
she realizes success can only come from hard work and commitment, and that that is what makes a great, strong individual.
more and more people and going out and buying guns and bombs because, of movies and what people say in books and in magazines.
this author did as well.
developments that have been made by researchers, inventors, artists, and writers were once possibly deemed as risk.
the project was a breeze, and i got a perfect score.
you would have to have use the bid maps driving to places.
have you ever read a book you thought was offense?
censorship only causes curiosity.
libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music not you.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
teenagers can play games on the computer.
you can learn about someone and become friends and hang out a lot.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
for example if a veteran told a story about what happened in a certain area; the history book could tell a completely different story.
some people go to the library just to see them kind of books.
during the day, he works very hard.
it is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that.
now you will have no books for some people.
take twitter as a example.
yes you could get on the internet but, it might not have what you are looking for exactly.
most likely, they would not even notice a change.
simply try telling other people about better books they can read and nicer movies to watch.
they have every right to protect their child from dangers in the world, but to keep them from learning the art of literature.
if they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are.
the ending title fills the screen just before the two actors share a kiss and then the screen goes black.
this place was completely deserted and there was no water for him.
if computers are important to them, the could they be destructive to society?
whether those reasons be personal or professional it rather important.
in conclusion, the books in question could be good or bad in the eyes of the next person to read it.
is it not surprising?
should be censored to protect the younger generations.
everyone should have the right to these books, magazines, movies, and music.
there are people that love writing about violence, gore, and segregation.
you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss.
i made sure my parents were not home when i watched it.
safety is one the most important things in life.
giving this simple sentence a great meaning.
my third reason would be buying and selling products.
a third way the author sets the mood is by speaking so fondly of their parents.
some suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others be offended by a different book.
this also shows us that he is proud of his culture and who he is as a person.
then there are also people you had strict parents and they turned out to be not so good of a person, and vise versa.
enjoying nature is another option.
he tells the reader more than enough about his simple home, and there is almost no conflict in this memoir.
if people think some kind of music is offensive, then they should not listen to it.
the kids can look up and in seconds they have all the information they need!
not to mention, the process is exceedingly type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need!
also, the bait shopped allowed him to opt something to drink, and not die from dehydration.
online people can communicate with others.
i think people need to realize that computers are over the humans.
certain materials should not be removed from the libraries if found offensive.
also it takes you away from what life has to offer.
parents should tell their kids what they are allowed to read at certain ages.
this is an easy fix.
i also play the game with my friends in the neighborhood.
he may sometimes being sad news but we still wait for him.
on computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of.
meaning, its really hot!
when the school started my father took me to the principal.
this conclusion helps the reader understand what reminds her of home.
thank you for taking the time to read this
you need to think of everybody, not just yourself.
censorship allows certain books to be removed from the shelves of a library if a certain person finds the book to be offensive.
in truth, the author was just trying to convey how the teenage girl feels and what happens when you go through with something like that.
having libraries censor things would make people feel left out.
could book a hotel online.
the library could also put a warning on it if they think the content of the material is too harsh.
this line shows that the author was in a very hot place, being in a desert, but also that he has a low water supply.
i do not think that censorship is something that people should take lightly.
these can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more!
music is also a controversial material to censor.
why ' the librarians put restrictions on the sites?
plus, computers are great for research.
first, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways.
the banning of media can only lead to a general lack of self knowledge.
they could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry.
if we censor the material in a library, it is denying the public of the real world.
the author says that his parents unwittingly passed on their skills and love for cooking.
there once again he is thanking his parents.
but for you who do not, get other stuff.
so you imagine a world controlled by computers?
they provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information.
they do not think that they are banning a perfectly good book for others.
because she reason is.
the feeling of being passed by the cars makes him determined to continue and finish his journey.
people should have the right to read, watch, or listen to anything they want uncensored.
by typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat.
so then he runs into the bathroom & drinks from the sink.
he solves the difficulties of all the students regarding their lessons.
anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion.
but what children might not know is that reading also strengthens there vocabulary.
we have a live chat on or even .
the major thing that effects him is the lack of water.
there are numerous ways in which the increasing rate of computer use does not benefit society.
that is the whole point in reading is so you can learn.
ever heard of social networking?
most books read are the ones that are sad and sometimes gruesome, but those are the stories that draw people in.
i believe that computers help our society.
the cyclist felt black humor, due to the features.
well while we were busy playing mom and dad were busy as well.
at electronic stores computer games are sold.
computers are a fad that will never die out.
not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people.
the whole range of knowledge is based on orderliness around us.
i would improve the academic performance of all the students.
and they affect very crucial family time.
the books and movies are also split into genres into which each movie and book belongs in.
she also stopped reading the bible in her spare time to go on the internet.
libraries are a place that someone can go to, to learn about something.
with this i can talk to people and get wacky emails.
and much, much more.
then, people would understand that everyone is different in their own way and not everyone will enjoy what they do.
this would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet.
last and furthermore is movies, where would we be without movies?
the setting of the story, are very dry and humid, and flat, and hilly.
i cannot remember a time when i went to the library and seen something that was offensive.
if one is offended by a literary work, perhaps he should just move on and find a book more suited to his interests.
but really the kids wont remember half of what they read or see so does it really matter?
i think computers are better than books and dictionary because you can do all that stuff on a computer.
i think this because , you use computers for school projects.
in all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world.
instead of eating dinner at the computer, go out to dinner as a family.
books for a more mature mind should be monitored and placed upon a shelf out of reach from a child who can not yet handle that topic.
some of them are small, some are big, and some have fans on their head.
it would have been burning hot.
censorship not only effects the learner, effects the writer.
books are an important part of the learning system.
computers have changed over the years, from to have .
there are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills.
this is where some kids go because they are addicted to the computer.
the players take part in different games.
people should always treat others the way that they would like to be treated.
to conclude, lets keep those filthy books and magazines away from the younger kids.
lastly, your health is very much at stake.
all computers are helpful and not always something negative when someone uses it.
the kids might think they are good books to read, i think other wise.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills this characteristic is a setting, like the others, negatively affects the cyclist by making his journey harder.
and they would say it in front of everybody and then everybody would being saying it.
also it will help you get more information on homework and you can get a better grade.
i know i if i were to ever have children i would want them around something they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful.
the mood that the author was trying to create was a sense of hope, family and happiness.
but came around a couple of men who told him a shortcut.
helped the world to change in better way.
that is, as long as you are not on too much.
all he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game.
i can sister talking how they had that has to be taken using a computer.
when something goes against too many of those things, people get upset.
a couple years ago i can remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid shooting his father in the head.
computers also give people the ability to easily learn about far away places, people, etc.
in conclusion water and no direction was the cyclist problem in the story
my second reason computers have affect on people is because it allows people to talk online with other people whenever they want.
rolling hills, make him work harder to get over them.
the book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views.
so we need to keep the books on the shelf and let people learn if not we could be in danger.
he is dejected and almost ready to admit defeat.
the law of censorship is usually broken in libraries.
fish is her favorite food.
my first reason is that computers hurt your eyes after a long time sitting at them.
we have our constitution, we know our rights, now why are people nowadays thinking they can change them?
we as people have the right to learn, read, and expand our minds in whatever way we see right for us.
their behavior is very controversial and the show itself has been forced to ban a few of their episodes for safety reasons.
books are not racist so other people can be made fun of but to learn what they went through.
so having it for a job is great.
there, every thing is so stereotyped.
they can also learn about all the wonderful beautiful lands that are out their waiting to be explored.
now, to parents with children.
i would solve the difficulties of the teachers and students if i were the principal of my school.
how are we encouraging this if we are removing materials from their grasp?
not only teenagers but the children and youth have fall into trap of the computer.
in addition jobs have been lost from this had economy.
i soon found out yes, they were.
when you are on a team and exercising you will learn life skills.
without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily.
they have to stay within their appropriate rated material selection.
he lets the desert and the heat convince that he is going to die.
this a whole lot of fun!
i would rather have a few offensive books then none at all.
what types of things do you go to the library for?
learning from books, music, movies, and magazines is good in a way.
also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer.
so, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things.
computers can help in many ways.
the elements were against him.
people should be going about to have fun get sunlight not staying at the computer all the time.
have enough rest both mentally and physically, and have a good sleep.
sixty years ago, it could relative on the.
lastly, internet, people would do for less traveling.
but, he was in the desert no one around, hot, dry, no water, and no shade.
if you are going on a trip i would want to know about that place to see what i need.
it is not right to deprive communication through these things.
saving time so they have more time coming up.
because it means so much to us!
therefore also few towns, making it hard to get good advice and supplies and supplies.
no, but i understand where others could find it offensive.
libraries are a key essential to learning and helping those with reading skills.
dear newspaper , i think, in my opinion, that computers benefit to society greatly.
this takes a community that is very close to be able to do something like this.
i thought to my self that they want to hear that from me.
the parents or even kids are not spending lots of time with each other due to the computers.
these cards allow the person to have access to adults' materials depending on the kind of card the person has.
in the memoir, the author creates lots of moods.
dear newspaper , have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society?
i explained to her in the best of my ability the life of and this was important to me.
i believe the libraries should carry the movies and if someone finds them offensive they should simply not watch them.
because they have affect on people who use computers and other electronics.
hills and animals on the road slowed down the cyclist even more.
it does not look so beautiful.
i would have learned not only how to express and accept myself, but i might have grown to more easily accept others as well.
it has four wheels and two doors.
in conclusion authors end stories with a paragraph like this to help show the changes that could happen in the future.
the author choose to end the story with that paragraph for emotional meanings.
younger students' libraries should be monitored even more carefully.
i just think the memoir sets a happy mood.
second, people stay in the house on the computer other than exercising.
& because a good friend to everybody else.
it depends on a point of view like most things.
instead of playing sports games on the computer you should get up and play one outside!
then they will love me.
i also believe that if its helping you learn then it should stay on the shelf.
you cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart.
get outside, watch the big game with all your buddies.
some people need computers for their .
my dad is a environmentalist and he uses computers.
i do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life.
there were even signs for rough road ahead, obstacle was a mental obstacle.
the terrain he had to go through was unbearable and could almost kill him without water.
in conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
removing certain materials from the shelves of libraries is not the way to go.
we need to be able to ask someone a quick question.
in public libraries, i think there should be sections of books based on age level, which most libraries do have already.
lastly, computers are a good way to socialize because of the range it can travel.
this man, , was assigned a from the farms of who had never been out of the fields.
computers can help you keep in touch with them!
say your a catcher, and then catch it.
inside a library, there are different sections.
secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state.
far from the reach where kids and children are able to access.
now, more than ever people are becoming very obese.
you could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes.
if i had it my way, the would not exist.
being on the computer does no good for the body.
computers are the building blocks of our medical world.
also there are sites to teach little kids how to read or write.
school libraries are a whole different idea.
yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both.
say, maybe some sort of book that highly deals with drugs, alcohol or even sex?
my final reason why the use of computers is good because, people can interact with their family and friends online.
some students play different games in the playground.
finally, my foremost reason on how computers can be negative is how addicting it can be.
what are the conversations mostly about?
instead of going online, get going outside.
the hibiscus is to symbolize her being strong and that she will make it through moving to just strange land.
for one reason, if we forget about such things, than they are more likely to be repeated.
but i do understand that a large percent of our population does enjoy listening to it.
contact with people from another street, town, state, country, can be established by the use of social networking sites such as, , , .
speech on: the educational value of travelling
also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things.
this climate decreased the rate of travel the cyclist intended to exert.
kids would start reading at a slower rate, causing grades to drop.
there is a lot of websites you can join so that you can speak to your friends as long as there online.
but also regular people, for example teens, do not need to be on the computer for four hours a day.
all computers are equipped with a video camera and you can buy one if you have a .
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighbor hood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
imagine walking out of your home and you see right down the street a giant bonfire, right in the open.
the freedom of speech is one.
so now you know that a computer can teach you things.
the whole screen thing brings me to my next point.
so this is why i think having technology is good in our society.
the mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life.
in my personal opinion i believe anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they choose.
you stop using computers, you deny yourself this magnificent way communicating!
this allows the pupil to obtain his lesson and catch up on anything he or she has missed.
because most of the things that people like is in the books or movies that the library wont have.
i think because you can talk to your friends about.
without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier.
i believe that books should not be taken off the shelves of libraries because without books we would not know anything about life to survive.
the are happy because the are all living together in a perfect place all together.
the computer through keep you in touch.
to begin, the obesity rate in is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the .
he was grateful for his parents caring and selflessness.
then we will move onto the music, and then the shows.
so, let the word out that computers are bad for society, and try to make the world a better place to live.
in fact, i was required to read it for school.
those are a moods in the memoir.
just remember online you can be whoever you wont to be you could be only ten, but say your .
my first reason why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
all of them you can communicate in different ways.
if you were offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to have it taken away or banned?
the ones that you keep on checking out from the library again and again because you love it so much.
others think there kids seeing those offensive things will make them learn from it.
adventure games, shooting games multiple player games, and more!
complex simple to use technological a world of pictures simple, art and history right at your fingertips.
catches your attention and keeps you hooked on whatever it is until you find out what happened.
computer games only cost about and are instant access.
life is what it is from contributing factors.
some think that books and music should have different kinds of ratings.
in fact, out of jobs require a computer.
dear , the question is close too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
and that books has been banned from being taught in schools simply because it says a racial term.
this has become a problem.
this is common sense.
so what do you think, should this be such a law.
on the internet alone you can view your school textbook.
i could hear the strong icy wind blowing outside.
everyone has an opinion.
the features of the setting in the story affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
all you have to do is on the computer and look it up.
my friends wanted me to stop listening to her music.
village are regarded as gentlemen.
in the spring the hibiscus will be budding again.
in the obesity rate has reached an all time high of .
violence is a main topic in newspaper articles.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph they did because it shows how much the main character has grown.
she takes it home and put it in the garden.
another issue i have is with sexual content being found in libraries.
the cyclist had to endure the pain of dehydration and determination.
and then we have no books left on the shelf left for any of us.'
books can be learning in many ways.
first i would like to say that you can interact with family and friends.
this way no children would see the book anyway.
this is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home.
also is an easy and effective way booking where the tourist shall stay.
in the beginning of the story the author is happy, but towards the end grows upset.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is going to be on the road a long time.
considering he was on a bike he could only move so fast.
censorship should be more for the media children and young teens pay attention to.
some people like certain kinds of books and movies while others not.
the same difficulty in the road.
technology has been growing and changing rapidly.
the best part is that is free.
even today some people in some parts of the world worship the sun as a god.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was, powerful, , and appreciative.
the mood that the author was happiness.
also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet.
i believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends.
what are you going to do?
another reason why i think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone.
so with the computer computer.
if they have a book at their house, the child could easily pick it up and read it there.
do you have fond childhood memories that involve nature?
so why not sell it or rent it out.
blocked the pavement in front of me.
the conclusion of the story leaves readers to wonder if she will try harder and pass the test for the second time.
for example me and my family went on vacation to , and my mom made all the reservations from our computer at home.
if ask an adult how ever they are most likely going to say yes.
we must be very proud of our soldiers.
they can lose their job cause your missed work cause your on the computer for doing nothing work cause computer.
all this would happen because he was on a computers.
examples like finding things out about history.
computers are being used for more then just work.
but there are some who wait patiently.
that is what i have too say about that problem.
censorship is just bad in general, people should have the right to make their own decisions on what they want to read or watch.
we would be taking away a lot of stuff the our children should know about, such as the slavery, and famous people.
for some reason everyone wants to demoralize people, and that is where i think it the .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway.
i am most likely not the only one who feels pleased with the way libraries are now and feel no need to change what is good
if you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged.
the movie was full of inappropriate words, therefore i had to shut it off.
also, not everything found is what is true or right.
all of these details contribute to the overall mood of the memoir.
the mood in the story is very happy.
no one should say anything.
one is about a soldier in and his present wife back home.
libraries offer many things to help people in enriching their knowledge about a certain belief, so they should not be censored.
but not at all of us can afford to travel far away.
they were no computers, and so you had to go look up your work in a educational book at the library.
some drivers do not obey the traffic rules.
people do job reports on .
the most important use for computers is learning.
it shows he has love for anyone who comes close to him.
but another reason is that begging has become quite a paying profession.
but if one is constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature, they should be removed for the good of the people around us.
overall, they have a good effect on the world.
by taking off one of these books, someone could be taking off another persons favorite book.
the mood created by the author, , is a upbeat & happy mood.
even if bad books or magazines are on the shelve, children have the choice to pick them up.
this memoir, to me, was like taking a list of things and putting them into a full paper.
but do you see that every day in this generation not at all.
these were just a few examples about how the computer has an effect on people.
most of the sites we use due to interacting with family and friends.
the computer gives people the opportunity to chat online with other people.
you can play a number of games off the internet.
younger people will stop coming because materials will be less interesting.
movies guidelines are along the same pattern.
give people the choice.
all of these things should be.
people for centuries have been writing and coming up with songs, movies, and magazines.
i have seen offensive material get into the wrong hands such as kids.
its all apart of life.
i agree with the effects computer haves on people, because one it allows us to access information, two it allows us to interact with people.
the children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members.
she was upset and afraid that her mother was going to be angry with her that she started to shake.
i have a bath and dress up for school.
you were a little kid and you wanted to look up information on racing, you might have passes by many books about racism.
he is a kind and humble man.
if, perhaps, more books had ratings such as movies do, an cubicle could be created instead of allowing young people to have access to such vulgarity.
she told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken.
it is taking away the knowledge for our children.
would you just stare and wonder if she was crazy?
finally, the cyclist felt relieved upon seeing the fish camp.
ultimately, astronomy, the science of planets and stars, was born.
they also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often.
this would not be good for the cyclist because he would be able to get water for his trip.
the mood created by the author is a heartwarming mood.
both parties in case are still able to say and express their own opinions.
everyone is obligated to their own choices, whether that choice is to read books that are more likely to be offensive, is their choice.
these features in setting are cruel.
tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc are all great sports that practice hand eye coordination.
my father is a policeman.
but what if i told you that any person could put anything on the internet?
they get less exercise.
as you can see, it would help kids with whatever they are studying.
i say this not to make fun of anyone but to thank them.
said that of people that get a new computer spend minutes more than what time they usually spend on it.
had the computer here a bigger range of knowledge then a have.
the books, magazines and even movies that have offensive pictures or people with no clothes on should be removed from any public library shelves.
she talks about how her parents helped others of their kind which made her what she is today.
people use it for research or something in the future.
i never knew what it felt like or how did it feel.
the rest of the would be for people to study, and read.
and it also makes you thinking of all the your family has to make for you.
but the people who like the item say like an explicit they would probably buy it.
some say that the censorship of culture is protecting the children, but i say that this is not so.
for example, the condition of the road was bad.
i am writing you today to propose an explanation on my views of censorship in libraries.
as you can see the setting was an area with no people, and it was very hot.
not all of the world will care to see .
in today many young get raped.
i believe that computers benefit society.
skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career.
i had slight headache.
i think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
you want to do as you can so you have that at.
almost reluctantly, she realized that many things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
dehydration also can be fatal.
there is an amendment in our of that promotes freedom of speech in the .
like i said, we can make a certain section for them type of things.
when the cyclist is at his low point, he is an abandoned ghost town, looking for water that tastes like battery acid.
it is very hard to write a book that pleases everyone.
the kid might see something that is bad or might see a lot of violence.
another reason i believe an offensive book should be removed from the shelf is because what if you are in that place very often.
we should let the computers be in the
most people live meeting other people online.
but, i believe that our town should not support advances in technology.
censorship in libraries have you ever came across something in the library that makes you say, ' !
dear , these days are telling kids to go outside instead of vegging out in front of a computer.
using a computer and learning in school basically can teach you the same thing.
my big sister is always on the computer using talking to her friends.
i never thought playing on computers could be addicted.
you can see, computers are very much needed when it comes to school work.
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, greatly affected the cyclist.
that is the mood the author gives off in the memoir.
, she begins to describe the love of her friends and neighbors, who she felt, were family.
they use ratings and age control for their viewers.
one day, in summer, the clouds appeared in the sky.
as you can see computers have helped students all across the .
offensive books not being put on shelves will hopefully create a healthful environment for appropriate behavior.
by censoring books, we are telling the world that imagination is a bad thing.
what would we do without computer!
a normal person encounters several occasions a day where they hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends.
cures for different disease like cancer can be found.
also just like checking out a book how you have to take a test over it called reading counts.
& out of students have computers.
do i think certain materials like books, music, movies, and magazines that might be offensive should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
and thank you for having time to read this.
i do not think that materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
dear newspaper, i have heard you are creating an article on if computers are helpful or non helpful to society.
this is how the setting affected the rider.
anyone who fails to keep with the speed becomes a loser.
censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong.
she got, stronger because she adjusted to her new home and new environment.
everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life.
while being helped in return.
people use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places.
the mood created by the in the memoir was happy.
the only reason why we get offensive is because the subject either reflects our personality, or our life.
or inside the front cover the librarian could put a warning note on there to show the person that there are some things in there that offend someone.
since most people access these websites from their computers its another bad effect of computers on people.
the is that people should agree.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
there is very little privacy offered and your page can just be put out in the public.
if the government notices citizens in our country with offensive magazines, books, movies, or music, is it right for them to grab it away?
then came large rolling hills which created a challenge, the cyclist needed to muster up enough energy to continue.
the setting of the story affected the cyclist because it kept him going because he was all alone and had no help.
in conclusion, the cyclist hit many obstacles that made his trip harder then what he thought.
computers can help us with learning such as learning about or the population.
computers help people do all kinds of things.
dear , i strongly believe that computers are a big benefit to society these days.
the people who find it offensive have the right to not look at it.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very useful to society.
family lives quite a distance away, well some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility.
another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things.
many would consider even this great literary work as a movie inappropriate.
this affected the cyclist because he was starting to feel dehydrated and thought he was going to die.
first, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the .
the states how he will always be grateful for what his parents did for him.
some of the offensive material could be used to help students in there education.
people the computer is something good and cool.
movies are like books but you get a visual of whats going on.
so computers have a positive effect on people.
alone with this, the cyclist had to work much harder because the man noticed, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
people spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted.
most of use portables which goes back to my last paragraph.
books on the subject would provide help for those going throughout life with suicidal thoughts.
, the computer to me is very beneficial.
people just need to look at the positive aspects of computers, then they will see how great they are
the computer is great if you have to do research.
the features of the environmental setting is affecting the cyclist.
learning how others think too.
censorship is a rule prohibiting the view of a book, music, movies, magazines, etc.
consumer her which supports the last paragraph also, she is in a new country and is starting a new beginning.
the author of winter hibiscus included the last paragraph to convey to readers that she will be moving on, but still remembering her old country.
so i use computer, parents and i now communicate more than we used to.
one get frustrated doing all work., that is done by her.
in conclusion, there should be a censorship on what you can find in the library.
it helps on learn about countries around the world and whats going on.
not only do computers let you talk to people far away, but people close too.
we should not throw wastes everywhere.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a negative impact on society.
a computer is to talk to someone without physically being there.
for example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments.
if we were to take away every thing that someone in the world finds offensive, there would be nothing left.
if a person would want to check out a book that could offended another individual technically by the law they have the right to do so.
there is not one movie, book, or magazine where everyone will approve of it.
i remain confined to my room.
they are also used for several different things like downloading music on your .
this is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people.
music is a whole story its self.
kids spend to much time on computers.
then author concludes the story with that paragraph because it sums up how the memories and the plant effects her.
instead of typing away we should explore the world and learn important things.
so, on to the last thing that i am going to talk about.
if they bring up a situation then just take it off the shelves so you can stay safe and them as well.
in conclusion, the author in the memoir had created a mellow feeling throughout the whole memoir.
now that you have read my reasons, i hope you like them.
in the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games.
i could hear loud roaring sound coming from the sky.
if i were the cyclist gazing at the sign i would die just knowing there was trouble up ahead.
first of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun: , people can learn very interesting facts.
that is all related to freedom of speech.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
the issue is how the parents raised them to embrace knowledge that they see.
it has to be decided how far is too far when removing objects from the shelves.
computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life.
especially when you get older and have children.
i know that somethings are a little, risque, but getting this our their quicker would be a better solution.
the cyclist got frustrated and angry he was now crossing the desert which was making him tiered and dehydrated.
second of all computers provide a tremendous amount of entertainment.
this is a little bit about what i think of this letter.
movies that are rated are rated that because of all the material in the movie.
if the cyclist were biking in the on a cold day in the mid he would not have a chance of suffering a heatstroke.
computers give you the information that you need.
the material also should be removed if it is offending someones race.
and also, have you ever needed to get information fast?
probably your family are worried about people spending their time everyday in the computer.
this is an of course, but minor visions of this are going around the world.
the snake also has a depressing effect about his dangers on his journey.
have you ever gone to a library and the magazine you were looking for was behind everything else on the top shelf?
computers can ever help people plan a vacation, or learn about a country on the other side of the earth.
my last reason is because on a computer you pretty much look for anything.
you will get a the .
and who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves about?
computers are too expensive to have to keep.
this can have positive effects on people.
computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!
let me explain why computers can ruin lives.
located in paragraph .
at this point cyclist is very worried because its hot and he has no water, while knowing he has another miles to go.
which is kind of sad if you ask me.
in do not exceed posted speed limit by , the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
this is because most teens sit inside watching or going on the internet instead of being active.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
then libraries cease to exist.
not many people including me would agree with the passage of censorship on items like these.
imagine how computers have helped shape the , do you want to give this blessing up?
also, online you new people or make as many new friends.
mood, means tone or a feeling, so the mood of this was grateful and happy.
that is no fair crop in my right mind.
if we removed both types of books from the shelves for being offensive, we would not have religion or modern science.
of people can access the web on their cell phone!
just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer.
computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets.
i know i said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this.
so he starts riding again.
he plastered him on his ribs.
have them grow up the way they want to grow up.
nothing can beat the feeling being with friends or family and just having fun.
instead of going to a noisy arcade, why not play exciting games right in the privacy of your.
people interact with others different countries, states, & or continents.
i think that when it becomes a threat to the they should remove material.
thirdly, gives online games to little kids.
for me to have fun on.
which means probably grew up in a life without very much violence.
this is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings, materials, and movies.
dear newspaper, technology is a very useful thing but is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy on .
inside of this book could be countless inappropriate pictures and profanity on every page.
secondly, people spend too much time on the computer at home.
obviously she was upset and disappointed in herself.
either its a law or the parents have made it a rule.
it is a fact of life.
what do i mean by that last sentence?
i listen to a lot of music when i drive to school and most of it is rap music.
i think that if it goes against something in a bad way is should be removed and gone.
its a big world out there and it is not getting any smaller and it is not going anywhere anytime soon.
do not exceed posted speed limit.
all books are written to be read, and with the division of such books, everyone can agree upon this: books help us grow.
first of all, without computers many people would struggle.
it also causes individuals to feel bad about themselves.
instead looking up what a book was about, just read it!
not even books that will influence bad things.
another type of graphic novel which is often censored is the violent type.
the world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned.
we now live in a world where everyone voices their opinion freely and you can not be punished for doing so.
although the cyclist remained determined to find water, he had begun to lose hope when he suddenly came across a bait store.
on a bicycle it must be even worse knowing that if you run out of water op one will be there to save you from dehydration.
well you never see them because they live far away right?
you can easily communicate the old fashioned way with cell phones, or even writing a letter.
all right, so, computers are one of the most important tools, of this world that we live in today.
nothing has stopped them from living life how they chose.
thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers!
is very grateful throughout the memoir.
computers are a way to teach hand eye coordination through programs, games and typing.
however, with computers you could just type it in on a search engine and find what your looking for.
society computers to get information.
so, they just agreed to look past them and ignore what is there if it offends them for the people who do not find them offensive.
i need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help.
i think u should never stay on a computer for no more than a hour.
this implies that she is putting more effort in to what she do in her new environment and settings.
if we censor materials like books, music, movies, etc.
people use the computer for school work.
in this memoir, i think the mood created is very peaceful, happy, and homely.
first, people are not interacting with family and friends.
even then, things get worse.
her old country was so important to her.
send in another person with different tastes, and then you have a completely empty library.
if your child reads that book with vulgar language and illegal activities, you are most likely going to be upset.
i think that these reason will have you positive too.
dear , i am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans.
or talking with someone and you wonder what something is or means.
those are some examples on how they create the mood.
if one person is pleased another is offended.
and that was something that they could find in .
so much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use.
when this happens, people stop reading the book and other books in the same category.
should those offensive materials be removed from libraries?
for example i had to research a person my project & all i dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped.
i strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes.
she is only eight years old.
this is a very tricky subject because no one will ever be happy.
using computers will help you do this and make your life easier.
at the library i go to they have any kind of book, music, movie, and magazine you want.
laid his books up on the counter and we checked out.
they said that the earth goes around the sun.
it was the parents faith at the struggles would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times.
so should we keep using computers for the good of our society, or not use computers to exercise more?
magazines are another great form of reading material found in a library.
the internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic.
in paragraph , the author writes about the closeness and kindness of his neighborhood.
we should not have an eye on other’s wealth.
this apply to everyone else that they are not accepting it.
dear local newspaper, i have heard that there is a controversy over if computers benefit our society.
his parents gave up their jobs and had to start their lives over entirely.
i believe that computers have good effects on people.
how can people take libraries seriously if there are dirty books, or books with rude language, and scandalous themes.
most literally, the fact that the setting was unknown to the cyclist affected his confusion.
and in the garden, when she talks to her mother and plants the flower.
when you interact will family you get to know them better and that is priceless.
dear newspaper , look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people.
also the terrain he is riding is not the easiest.
these computers also improve social skills.
you can send information from one computers to the other.
maybe the parent should even just come in and get the book or movie for the child.
this is obvious shown it states in the spring , when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places.
that is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions on what to watch or read for someone else.
my family always does stuff together like board games and what not.
the magazine , for example, has articles that are to bawdy for students to read.
in fact, i teach myself at home.
secondly, computers give people the ability to form about places and people.
well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people.
so he was out of water and was going to be thirsty.
you also have to be very quite.
all of the things that a computer can do are great.
no book should ever be taken off the shelves.
situations happen like this all of the time.
finally, you can purchase anything with a click of a button.
say that you need to research the periodic table and write down facts as well as all the elements.
they are constantly sending emails, typing proposals and all those things.
i remember one time long ago, the only way to communicate was by letters or you would have to walk.
there are really three main reasons.
for example the job.
a book, magazine, movie, etc are all gateways to new worlds, where children can use their imagination and justify what their personality is.
so he is heading towards the nearest town when the terrain starts changing.
statistics state that grownups that use the computer at night feel more awake in the .
i personally concern with these people, computers have a positive effect on people.
how do i stay in contact with them you use?
while looking for a book if there is one that does not seem right just look past.
they have games that range from the word, to beauty barn.
they are very mysterious when it comes to that.
if there is a bad book just go to a different section in the library.
i think you should consider less computer time.
there are books and magazines you can read at anytime you want.
when my family was planning our trip to in we used the computer constantly.
scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people closer than ever before.
new computers now have webcams.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented.
if a library decides to take out every offensive piece of literature and art what would be left?
considering the cyclist was already tired and sweating from riding on rough roads and passing a large snake, riding on rolling hills would be extremely difficult.
bulls and cows help them to get a good harvest.
are turning people against each other.
from my own experience, i have not had trouble with libraries and materials they have to choose from.
the mood that was created the is a happy, loving mood.
though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful.
first i think people should not be staying on the computer all day.
if you want to know the mother and how to prepare for , just look up and do what you have to.
it should still be some type of book with some kind of censorship to it.
with that said, magazines can also be bad for public libraries due to some of the explicit content.
with modern technology.
i wish i could sit inside it and fly high up in the sky.
in school there have been many times where kids got the chance to read case after case about people trying to get some of the best books banned.
personally in my family, me and my brother believed in for many years.
after the third day of reading this book, we all sat down like usual ready to finish the book.
everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns.
have the internet and computers you can know about what you want when you type in the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo.
to whom it concern, i was sitting at home when i have realized this has to come to an end!
the mood the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
that shows that the house had to be comfortable to him if he calls at home, because a home is a place for someone fells safe and comfortable.
so we people say that the computer.
movies are rated based on their content.
most people like stuff that is interesting to them and some like other things.
this bait store gave him water and a good map.
teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject.
so this guy is getting it pretty rough.
libraries should not take certain books, movies, and magazines away that some people find offensive.
this is much easier than calling the person.
do you know that a very high cause of obesity is?
computers are very great to have around.
music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking it out on the people that have hurt them or the people that they have hurt themselves.
being allowed to write how they feel is what is practically based on.
others are about subjects that we hate or that just plain bore us.
after school, kids go home and turn their computer on instead of going outside running and playing.
my opinion is that offensive materials should not be removed from libraries.
if we all had the power to take videos we disliked off the site, there would be none left for us to watch.
so you got my opinion on censorship and i hope it helped you out to look at this situation better or clearer.
so if they spent less time on the computer they would save lots money.
you should be happy from what town you are from.
people seem to be trying to shield the world from thing like swear words.
this would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents.
the second way is helps is to give .
dear , i am a student and i hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think that its a waist of time.
computers can help society and learning so help the growth technology today!!
are you ever sitting home with nothing to do?
dear editor: more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that that benefits society.
she is reminded of her home by these flowers, and she has with this she can retake it and do it rite.
it was rather large, but i had come to love reading in that time of my life so i decided i was up for it.
then , who is in the same class as , was reading his history text book and was becoming more and more elated as he read on.
like on the quote of the rusted water pump.
that is the question.
thousands of students who cannot attend a school, college or a university are taught through it.
creates this mood by using various words and phrases.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
the library should listen to its customers that visit the library often.
no one should be allowed to tell another person what they can and can not read.
for many families, though the series is nothing but a different world in which they can set themselves free from the real world.
however it is also very foul.
when people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit.
four out five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information on them and out of those four people have had at least one account hacked.
people can write letters to each other, but that can be time consuming, and show to delivery and response.
so is it the libraries fault for providing uncensored content or is the parents fault, for not educating their children on the morality of such items?
it is a very sticky situation and determining the answer should be a long and thought out process examining the issue from all angles, and different perspectives.
this is why we have webcams and chatting on computers.
there are sections on the shelves that say what genre they are.
of people prefer looking up information on a computer than in a book.
his parents were selfless.
i disagree with that statement.
his father also lives with him.
therefore it was not removed.
he is not at all considerate.
everyone deserves to be heard.
whether it be sexual or even political, if the reader finds it offensive they will not read the rest of the book.
i believe that there should be censorship in public libraries.
we can learn about different places in the world.
i think should be a matter of choice, like choosing which outfit you want to wear in the .
the author creates a happy and grateful mood in the memoir.
finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies.
with over a billion different points of views residing all over the world, why should books that only a few select find inappropriate people be removed?
i am pretty sure that is clear with this audience.
the language was not meaning to be used offensively, but simply to state how people talked and how things were when was alive.
and for adults when you work with big companies you work with people all around the world.
i believe that the children of today should be able to read, and learn the same things that our parents have learned in the past.
computer have a positive effect of people and they can help people learn new things, like, places, people, and news in the world.
i think that there should be no censoring of libraries.
when i asked my father about it, he explained that our food might harm the animals.
the heat, lack of water, and lack of civilization made the cyclist think he was going to die and the birds would pick [him] clean.
also, the terrain posed a threat to his well being during the story.
and why waste time on the computer.
so obviously, computers are a great influence on society.
computers do not benefit society today.
you should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer.
whether it on a webcam or one of those networks to and chat with each other.
it can stop children from exercising enjoying the out doors and spending time with family.
a third way computers help out is allowing you to order anything in the world online.
to others, however, it draws them further and further away from the story.
the computer cant do for you.
children should read books that meet their age group.
in some countries dictators do allow their citizens to have internet access watch the news or in some more extreme cases even watch television at all.
the mood of the is happy.
another reason why i think the author made this the last paragraph is this.
or ' that ball, you meanie!'?
the rode was all messed up.
now, what do you believe
to further help the public, there are ways to gain college degrees online.
that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem.
it is my opinion that every book should have its own place on a shelf.
computers help us look up places and things we never seen before and teaches us about them, too.
i suppose you can infer how this turns out: one game, turns two and so on.
most likely the author ended the story with the paragraph for dramatic effect for the reader.
everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on.
all they wanted me to listen to was christian music and i did not like that.
its hard to show how its bad to say an offensive word to someone, that they herd on the radio.
then he saw that it was abandoned and he lost all hope.
i think computers are an important part of a persons daily life.
he tells how people always came over to house for dinner and there were many celebrations.
children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate.
you finally have the chance to talk to your old pal again.
people are making every year with the help computers.
think about if we were to tr and give everyone what they want, would that work out not good at all.
computers allow now of communication between friends.
would you think that this is a public place, and everyone has their own opinions?
has as much the same right as i did.
not every parents chooses to censor what their kids get at the library; therefore kids have different interests.
i believe that all types of books should be available to all types of people.
i personally love reading, and like all kinds of books.
i hope you listened to my opinion on computers and i also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are.
the cyclist encounters rolling hills, tumbleweeds rattle snakes and ghost towns.
as i believe any human would be.
soon the roads were flooded.
people would be even more offended than before in that case.
there are many educational things on the computer that can help you out in life.
paints a picture of a home filled with love.
life is becoming dull.
i believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family.
computers are what makes all this possible.
but, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy.
he plays cricket with his friends in the evening.
i think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain.
some people do not have the money to buy books, or internet, so these people rely on public libraries.
now, more families only spend time with each other when they eat dinner together.
they make people become unhealthy and can get their personal information hacked by a virus.
please consider my reasons when making your decision.
one might argue the fact that it uses an offensive 'n' word more than a few times.
if content in a library is considered offensive, should still remain on the shelf regardless.
secondly, nature is a marvelous thing.
you can also see pictures of things that you cant see everyday.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is thankfulness.
all of that is done on a computer.
now days people can get offended over anything.
the author was getting neat stroke being passed by desert snakes and tumbleweeds.
they help us research, socialize and they help our and economy.
a misplaced pot could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess.
but i disagree is many good effects computers can have on people.
we play a running race.
this document that is saved can be changed and saved again even if the knowledge is offensive.
my point is these games are teaching the kids nothing.
now that you know my personal views about the censorship in libraries understand that not everyone is the same.
dear newspaper, i read an article in the newspaper that said how people on their computers is a benefit and could be a bad habit.
computers allow you to connect with people who live faraway without having to travel to them.
i hope you agree with me.
everything he had trouble with, he found directly on the computer!
some of the books people need to know about.
we went there by bus.
everyone has a right to read it at some point in time.
everybody is different and have their own opinion about what they think is right.
the effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings.
if one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something would show how to.
music can come uncensored and censored, it just depends what you want to hear.
with an understanding of these basic freedoms, one would think that censorship is against the law considering it is one of the five basic freedoms granted to citizens.
the setting also reads the main character to his resolution of the conflict.
so a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat the computer will write the project neatly.
personally i think computers have a good influence on people.
computers make people feel lazy sometimes therefore they spend less time exercising.
they claim that these books can be offensive to some and, therefore, should not be read.
today i am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are.
as previously stated in the paragraph above, it makes no sense to rid a book just because one person finds it offensive.
when you do a story for the newspaper does it come out hand written?
you can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them too.
all you gotta do is go to that certain room, look for , check out and you got a nice book to be reading anytime.
these hot conditions made the cyclist very hot, tired, and very thirsty.
he had been given bad directions that almost caused him his life.
continue reading to find out why.
next, there are websites that allows you to ask questions and get answers just as fast.
each person is different, and people have all sorts of opinions on books, movies, magazines, music, etc.
that saying there know one around to help him so if he gets hurt or something.
i think not, for it would be a futile endeavor to even attempt.
he should know how to never trust any strangers and try things on his own.
for example, the earthquake in which.
did you know that of homes in own at least one computer.
during his lifetime, was ruled by kings, so if he wanted to be successful, he had to appease the .
what would they do if one person thought that a movie on what they were doing was offensive?
more than of most students in an average school have one.
honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books.
certain things like reading about the times before racial equality, and such things as slavery are very offensive for people to read about.
i believe they are already censored enough.
no parent wants their child coming home from school talking about sex, and drugs they saw in a book at school.
if the parents would just tell their children no to a certain book, then the child will not read it.
but others are like why not they are going to know about it in and when they are married also.
we do not need things like that in our world.
and this will make them get more weight.
they should be aware of the material that the children are looking at
they came to for him to have a better life.
he encounters poisonous snakes and areas of no buildings or civilization all together.
no longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world.
i bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures.
one main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time.
another example is when he has to ride on rolling hills, and then comes across a rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit sign.
and did i say it was against the law, because it is.
in the south, most treated as dirt.
banks, , teachers, , even cashiers.
but, they all did also agree on the fact that they really do not have the right to remove them from the shelves.
those of the various moods set by the author in this memoir.
while typing your report on the computer you might spell a word wrong well every computers has spell check.
had to demonstrate this in a similar aspect to congress concerning his music lyrics.
the first time they see something of questionable nature they would want it because it is new.
a computer grabs attention to a lot of teenager.
we should always ask our parents before we decide on something.
this kept me very entertained.
computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard.
they have allowed us and how to improve our lives.
my first reason was that if you don' know something you could look it up.
next reason is computers make life better.
after all, the materials they see, read, or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning, and for their own entertainment.
i personally have to log into the computer to type an essay for a class at least twice a week and some even more.
whichever team scores more goals, wins the match.
they not like what they see but they think it is the truth and is very offensive to see the sexual, mental illness people have.
its like drugs they are so easy to get.
the one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication.
have you ever found a book offensive?
my third reason is that interacting with friends an family.
studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line.
why would you want any of those things to happen, when its so easy to just back on your computer time.
i think that they libraries should not remove any of the books they have now.
i know that computers help me with research all the time when i do projects or write papers for school.
some books should not be on the shelves in libraries.
everything was censored.
but really everything you would like to know is right there.
a teacher can change the fortune of his students.
libraries hold information that is raw and true without leaving the facts behind.
another example of library rentals that can be harmful to developing minds are .
we should promote afforestation.
the books are trusted and filled with information.
books are the same way as movies and music.
i also feel that those type of magazines should not be in a library.
in the library, you can find books for leisure, study, training, and books found offensive to a variety of people.
why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world.
first off computers can bring people together.
but with confidence, determination, and the relief of the success he was able to overcome the obstacles.
music is a very great art, but when certain people abuse it, it no longer has a good image.
the citizens of have the responsibility of exposing the truth and teaching our children the differences between right and wrong.
i think the using the computer is not a bad benefit because it helps you be in communication with your family or friends.
there are children in the library now why would you go as far to put things like that in a public library.
what kids read is shaping their minds for their future.
besides many of the things that people should be censored is probably not that bad.
the mood of the memoir is happy and thankful.
anything you could think of is most likely found in a computer.
mr. joseph was up, mother offered him tea.
the writer leaves the reader with a sense of hope for the future by concluding with this paragraph.
depending on what sort of new terrain or landmark he came to,his determination increases and decreases.
people are losing time and everything.
because of the hot weather and rough roads the cyclist became dehydrated faster than normal.
you then go back to your house and eat the food while on your computer.
my mother, and pretty much the entire found it very offensive.
after narrowing it down she had made her decision she had picked , a she had never even heard a couple months ago.
the computer is perhaps the greatest form of the world has ever seen.
it to help you to learn how to learn without looking at the keyboard.
now we have the computer.
saving trees help us stay alive.
does one person really speak for an entire gender,country, culture, race, religion?
music has become a way for people to express them selves.
dear local newspaper, i heard what you were saying about if computers are a good or bad thing.
computers are great ways to meet people online so that you stay social and not.
so computers are unhealthy for people to have.
computers do have an effect on us, but in a good way.
his mood at this point was already confident, but this adds to it, with words like rushing being encouraging to him.
our animal instincts are brought under control.
computers teach you hand eye coordination, they give you the ability to learn about far away places, and allow you to communicate with others online.
i mean, it was something very new to me; almost like an adventure.
this will be good for every race too!
today computers are like the worlds biggest book of knowledge.
i would only suggest that so the kids will have a healthy thought about things.
we live off of knowledge.
if we want to learn about something we should be able to.
my second reason is to talk on the .
on to next subject the expert say were not enjoying out doors, but the over looked something here it is.
the mood that the author created in this memoir is a happy, emotional, and and caring.
clearly, computers have become a part of every day life.
even worse he found an abandoned juice factory on the way, at that point he was out of water.
dear , a world without computers.
she wants to take the test again change to see if over time things have changed.
if this is true then our world will have nothing because not everyone likes one certain thing.
when i was a child, my mom spend hours in the local grocery, shopping for food.
when ever someone wants to go buy a book about safe sex, it should not be denied to them because the library does not allow it.
another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things.
because he listened to their directions, he traveled through ghost towns and hourly died from dehydration.
the movement swelled and the people soon developed a national pride and goal.
these so called computers are causing this why, look over there.
by warmth, she meant that you were always surrounded by loved ones.
in addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their.
now she gets that feeling from the geese and plants.
in our hamlet, things are quite different.
the offensive material can be history that the world need to know, such as racism.
we all have library cards which we carry to school every day.
things like this still go on, and the rate at which they happen are in creasing.
so the computer help me on spelling it also makes your project look better.
computers actively help us with our daily lives.
she finds hibiscus where she is now and it is a semblance and reminder of her old home.
they allow you to learn new things, are very helpful for school and work, and they can keep family an friends connected.
you want me to write an to my local newspaper about what i think on the effects they give people.
others play games online.
these are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do.
using a computer you have to look at the screen and type at the same time.
take my cousin is a teacher and always has to do his students grades during the weekend.
children go there and pick movies out.
the reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch.
this would happen we banned computers!
when she want to the greenhouse all of the.
the future is not far away.
i will now get into more detail on these three topics.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i feel like to many people spend to much time on the .
a friend of mine recently was emailed with words that hurt his feeling.
they save the world and be a hero by day, but authors and producers make sure they include their night life in the story as well.
people also use and play games on unknown websites.
now, the computer is also profitable.
i believe that censorship is necessary in libraries because of the wide range of audiences, the public materials, and the opinions of certain people.
those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas.
the is trying to use the flower to show the reader how much a simple object can trigger a memory, thought and so on.
in article i have recently read in the , it was about experiment on computer use.
i do not believe books or any other thing should be removed from libraries shelf.
every single person has the right to be heard.
people use them to talk to friends and family online.
one way is to keep in contact.
i believe had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation.
these two objects made his situation mentally harder to get through because he was so close to what he needed numerous times, then it was taken away.
you answered yes to at least one of these questions, there is a good chance you have used a computer in your lifetime.
but this perked my curiosity.
time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem.
when the flower buds again it would be the right time to take her drivers test.
have you ever seen a book or magazine on a shelf that looked offensive?
this can lead to bad things, like being stalked or kidnapped.
after the breakfast, i go to the bus stop to catch my school bus.
dear local newspaper, i believe that there is nothing wrong with being on the computer.
finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate daily at no cost.
he or she should not throw a tantrum over something that they find offensive while other people find very enjoyable.
in conclusion, the computer helps society a great deal more than it hinders it.
meaning there was no water any where to be seen in miles.
this information can spread across the school.
i remember this one time i entered a contest, and the i needed was lost, then i remembered i put it in my computer.
especially if it is by their favorite artist.
the cyclist had a hard trail to bike in order to get to .
there were young black children striving to get a respected education in a white school.
some people like certain movies such as action, comedy, romance, or drama.
most people who do i personally think are immature.
if a person thinks that a song should be removed from the shelf and it does get removed, what about the person who did not find it offensive?
they blocked books because they thought that it would show a side of things to children that they did not want them to see.
the different settings greatly affected his nature of confidence.
there will always be unhappy people in the world.
they thought it was bad for kids to listen to.
he wishes that he would choke on one because he feels so useless.
dear local newspaper, people spending time on the is a good way for people to connect with one each other.
maybe even just a fun computer game is nice.
since the are just as equal to everyone else.
the author said this because the girl left everything just to come to this country and she can not fail.
that could make the kid think he could do that and he could get him self in to big trouble.
it for the parents to decide when their kids hear these things, if at any time.
first, reason for agreeing is because some books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
while some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile of my face.
of people agree that the invention of computers helped our nations to be closer.
almost all the things and materials in this world are liked and disliked all based upon opinions.
i went on a bike ride that was many miles long in , and we did not have water because we could not take a break.
the biggest surprise is that there is online dating.
learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life.
as the cyclists attitude becomes lower the reader makes the connection what ??
people think that magazines are very important to the society
online, where anyone can go on, there are millions of people that are not connected or related.
computers are useful for adults as well.
a hibiscus flower is tropical so when it blooms in the spring will be when she becomes ready to give the test a second try.
the features of the settings affects the cyclist a lot in the passage called rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
i disagree, i believe that it is bad for a few reasons.
a policeman has to work day and night.
libraries should have a rating system like movies do.
for one, they help in our educational processes.
in conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today.
i think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves.
first up, books in the library.
that last paragraph was quite vital to the theme and meaning of the story.
jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in minuets for less using the computer.
without offensive books for the public to read, will create a better environment for the people living today.
but every one is created the same so treat people the way you wont to be treated.
after looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights.
this poses a large problem for parents.
i do have to agree with because she is right.
overall, setting can be a determining factor in a journey as they life
for example, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
as you can see, the cyclist goes though many moods caused by the setting of the story.
you can find things to do, by just typing it into the computer.
people should be able to decide for themselves on what they will or will not buy.
to look at and use, would not happen because a person or a small group of people consider it offensive.
are so many things out in the society today that can offend people, and what might majorly offend one, might have no effect on the other.
realizing how much help computers have in everyday life, people will be the down fall or support for computer technology moving forward.
it sounded very confident and made it where she can want to try if she or he fails the first time.
one of the moods was happiness.
i agree we should spend more time outside but we should also spend some time inside.
only this time, she did not want me to check out.
and the only i could talk to them outside of school was on a computer.
as my conclusion i know that computers are good to have in peoples houses.
in it is banned because of animals talking.
these words set the tone for the rest of the memoir in which love in helping the community are key themes.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it harder for him to pedal and complete his ride.
this shows again how the last line connects the girl and the flower together.
so, yes, computers are good for people.
nowadays, people are spending less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouched on the couch with a laptop.
this technology has resulted in very poor eyesight in the general public.
other material, however, most people are not interested in having to see and our young children should not be subjected to that.
riding in conditions that are hot and unfamiliar are hard to do.
then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you.
however, the computer does not just show places.
in the way the author ends the story it helps give inspiration for a new beginning and new season.
what good does that do anyone?
he is the captain of our cricket team.
dear , name is and i do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society.
the quality of learning would not be the same if books were censored.
people need to hear what bad things can happen when you do not listen to someone.
i translate the vow into when things start to be normal again it will get much better for her in this new country.
computers are making our lives easier day by day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future.
once i actually noticed and got the point of why they would do this i thought that it was a good idea.
i just gave you some reasons why i would say that.
the weather is not and he has to carry on over hills and on rough roads.
many libraries offer music, movies and magazines to check out and to take home.
and yet he was determined to live.
another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are.
it can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day.
when it comes to any of the mentioned items, sooner or later society will find them again and they will be back on the shelves.
we forget if ‘hopes are dups, fears may be biars.’ moreover defeat should not disappoint us.
then you will love the .
first of all the weather was extremely hot and hot weather just makes you feel exhausted and like you cant do anything.
another example is communication.
censorship in libraries i believe that there should be censorship in libraries.
another benefit of computers is communication.
now do you want that to happen to the world?
many people use computers for different reason.
to me i think every thing should stay.
besides the obvious most helpful features, you can play computer games, watch mores and listen to music on a computer.
the story of is just one example of censorship.
a lot of people just go into their material as blind as a bat, as far as knowing if it is offensive goes.
there are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit.
the library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types.
dear , advances in computer technology have positively affected the society we live in today.
the features of the setting in the story affected the cyclist a lot.
libraries should not have the right to censor material.
keeping in mind that not everybody likes to read books, they just find reading magazines and watching movies interesting.
overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today.
dear local newspaper, you think computer have good or bad effects on people?
could get the wrong idea about sex or not know exactly what it is because their parents never actually sat down and explained to them what sex is.
but are all the libraries meeting their requirements?
rape is a horrible thing, but it happens.
they made a simple little house into a great home for everyone.
everyone is different, everyone has their own story, just like these books do.
like me , a chance to say whats on their mind.
the mood is set on this paragraph.
another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type.
libraries have books that are short, long, and everything in between.
understanding that there are young, fragile children, that are privy to all forms all public entertainment, some censorship be required.
not interacting with people could turn you antisocial and not fun to be around.
since he ran out of water because of the heat, his energy is also dropped.
the computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history.
he was going through the desert so it was like degrees.
the song writers, singers, publishers, and authors who write this material have the freedom to do so.
the boat was quit spacious though not a very big one.
winter and cold represent death, and spring represent a new life or beginning.
after years had passed by she finally found her father.
so riding through this man seems lost, he is trying to follow their advice, but comes across many unknown, unwanted areas.
i say this because computers can sometimes get addicting.
in conclusion, computer do have a negative affect on people in the long tern.
whenever i have spare time, i go to my small garden.
those four hours could be spent with their families.
do you use a computer in your job?
when it comes to the decision of certain materials being allowed in the library, there are many different aspects that must be considered.
public media outlets need to be more heavily monitored, this includes public libraries, retail stores, the internet, and .
in the end, the media is largely for entertainment.
so, think before yo act.
go and talk to them in real life.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit the cyclist is affected in many ways by his surrounding settings.
(par ) this gives the memoir a sweet mood, the author shows his happiness and gratefulness for everything his parents had done for him.
we can drink water from rivers and freshwater lakes.
the computer also has lots of music that you can listen to.
but, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible.
computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost.
there was an awe inspiring official who appeared to be very busy.
that indicates a new beginning or starting over.
wrote a book by the name .
do kids check these out?
another thing that students benefit from are online textbooks.
depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want.
i can agree, with there, but i truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly.
i think when she failed the test it brought out feelings of how she thinks she is failing to adjust her new home.
for the matter of protecting children against something they should not read yet is simple.
when the cyclist first headed out the road was flat and smooth.
all of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it.
these are some of the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
i got this feeling because his parents did hard jobs because they loved their kids.
have you ever had your parents go with you and your friends?
in addition, specially designed computers can tend to peoples specific needs.
so the fail is slowing her down.
now many books are starting to be found offensive to our society today.
we need computers to do this.
often i get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information.
say you are in the library and you see a book that you think offends you.
finally, people lose contact with family members of their friends because they are to busy on the computer playing games.
this leads into eating unhealthy foods.
lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers.
i see it more better to have offensive items such as: books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
with racial slurs are offensive; but to others, it just shows how cruel and horrible the world can be.
this means that with every season she get more used to her new home and if became more like her and with every season.
if the setting had been in a more urbanized area, the cyclist could have gotten help from other people, which would have made his ordeal very easy.
so if you read this article and get offended by it then sorry, just expressing personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problems.
visit a local park or play a sport for fun.
but then at last he came to a building that gave him relief and more confidence in himself.
computers in schools help to increase the amount learning our children.
it also shows the importance of the hibiscus.
the author chose to end the story this way for several reasons.
dear editor, computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race.
this lands them into trouble all the time.
the long abandoned roads further increased his doubt of living the whole bike ride.
censorship is trying to shield us from the ugliness of this world.
the student would need to go through all different books to find specific information needed.
we just have to teach our kids what good and what .
next, you can talk to friends all the way in another country without having to pay extra for a long distance call.
many people use computers in their every day life.
the way you interpret the paragraph gives you different ideas about what it is trying to say.
finally, the internet helps because you can receive news through it.
this would cause a lot of people to stop reading and learning.
the opinion of the public is created by the current time, trends, ethics, and problems that are going on.
movies rated above the level are most of the time not held in libraries.
for example, i mostly have how time to go on the computer.
having a wide range to select from would keep the guests always coming back for more.
little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while.
finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online.
a couple years ago, a was going to have the biggest game of his life.
this is not only helpful to the kids, but the parents as well.
this shows that the hill was very hard and strenuous to get over.
i am for computers because you can talk to friends online, learn stuff and play video games.
in the us we are known for accepting all different types of lifestyles, and religions; this is one reason i think censorship is against policy.
finally, our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether.
both of these diseases are lethal.
so get it fixed now or just get over what ever you find offensive
not even waste minutes on you phone.
the is not always a safe place to be on.
of course a computer can be helpful.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is a dessert.
the author concludes the story with that like, to leave the reader guessing.
to begin with, the lack of fresh air obtained by sitting indoors all day is very bad for lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems.
obesity is a huge problem in , five out of every ten are either overweight or obese.
it was very important that the author concluded the story with that paragraph.
of all, people have a variety of opinions.
, the use of computer per family has increased greatly in the past years.
computer helps the world in many ways.
dear local news paper, i agree that technology has a positive effect on people.
our family will video chat with him over a program called .
one movie, specifically, created conflict.
in addition to him giving us reasons to believe he is thankful, he tells us in his memoir that he constantly thanks his parents.
in addition, censoring is the correct thing to do.
when an author is writing, setting the mood is really important.
computers have caused damage to people!
his parents also taught him to be kind to everyone, and treat everyone like family.
computer engineering is a job that pays you good money to fix computers.
after school, many teens and adults go rushing to the computers for all different reasons.
because you have to start your whole life over so you can get a job and provide for your family.
also when the cyclist was thirsty he put pebbles into his mouth.
also, researching a topic on the computer is so much easier compared to going to the library and reading books.
now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job.
but people experience less the outside world when they surround themselves with technology.
they were loving to all and they sacrificed a lot to get to where they were.
is a student which is very hard to get.
the listeners which are people that would rather have something read to them instead of trying to read it themselves.
furthermore, for any given book there is at least one person who disagrees with its message.
is unacceptable for there to be only educational books because who knows what your there for?
i do not agree that reading material or anything in that matter should be taken off of a shelf.
i just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in flag.
why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in.
she buys the flower because she failed the drivers test.
certain examples stand in play to explicate my opinion.
we shall follow the wrong path if we have a liking for any of these.
the features of the setting affect a cyclist in many ways.
that seems fair enough.
you can get them at any ticket sales website.
censoring and removal of these book are pointless; for the simple reason that at least three of the four are a current issue.
dear or the purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better.
some people use the computer for there education.
the point of this writing is to show that removing these books and novels from the libraries is not going to help anything.
these are great steps to achieving a positive step to public influence.
it is a world someone loves to enter, to hide or confide in.
when i was in that movie i was laughing so hard i almost peed myself.
she wants her to know she is three for her.
the mood changed near the end as well.
along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for.
also, it shows the determination all living things have to succeed at their main purpose.
in conclusion, i believe that computers make peoples a little bit easier knowing that they have vital information right at the tips of their fingers.
people need exercise to live.
just as in basketball, when you train your hand to track the bounce of the ball without you needing the need to catch it.
computers are often helpful to those with special needs.
he makes funny gestures and remarks.
but a public library, is for the public.
think about the conversations that go on in schools and at the work place.
my opinion on the effects computer have on people.
since the united states has changing seasons it allows the girl to get use to the united states.
do you want your child to be the outsider?
in conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light.
on television, hear it on the radio, or see it in the newspaper.
many people would that kids would go on their computer when they were able to go outside.
these glitches in the setting affected the cyclist because it was extremely hot, he was running out of water and there was rough terrain.
ever i get the chance i my best buddies instead of using the computer.
generally children should be running around burning off their calories; even some people in their teen years should.
every caring, loving human cares about spending time with their family.
asks four year old .
dear editor, i have read your past article about how computers can take too much time out of some ones life!
the first reason why they should be removed from the shelves is it might be offending to someone important like the president of the or the of your state.
books are one of the most important things that we have in world.
i use the computers to better understand it.
their are like people that are offensive and things that go on in our and your area were you live that are really offensive.
a hobby is the best form of recreation to mind and body.
equally important, using computers will allow a wider selection of jobs.
there is no one person who can say whether or not a book is offensive.
having things censored ruins a lot of things, the fact that its was made that way it should be kept that way.
it is the final closure and will most likely be remembered by the reader.
his gaming has gotten in the way of his family and social life.
no one world like a child who is bent on harming others.
as you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers.
i believe there are certain instances where censorship is necessary, but i also feel it must be kept in check.
that is why most public libraries are split into children and adult sections.
books should not be taken off the shelves in a at any rate and movies should be looked at in the same manner.
with any of these materials, it should all be available to you in a library.
about of kids use computers to talk to there friends but some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad.
i know this because my sister goes on the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when there talking to her.
at first the cyclist knows where he is and is very familiar with his location.
the setting for the cyclist is a hard and dangerous one.
also it should be up to the library whether or not they want to remove some of their material.
these marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like.
, that same quote can easily apply to the music on display in the libraries.
so now i leave it in the hands of you whether or not to take the challenge.
i know that personally i would not want someone to take away my favorite book so my child could not read it.
children do not deserve the feeling of fear for that long of a time.
once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer.
novels are usually fiction, but the characters come to life to readers.
that book is public property.
this book contained many vulgar words and even a racial slur, but i was mature enough to handle them.
this can be stopped if we all join together.
there are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites.
my last reason would be that nowadays everyone nos computers.
they give us the ability to learn at home, connect with other people, and give a source of entertainment.
in the modern world, nearly all businesses rely on communication.
life has gotten easier for everyone.
also, the mood is a happy mood.
they make us happy, made us smarter, and make us a better society for it.
the first reason why is that most spend their time social networking.
it is necessary to enter the medical college and follow clinical medicine.
many of the parents do not want there kids to be seeing bad pictures or to check out bad movies or books.
you walk in and take a piece.
exploring the internet is what a computer can do.
many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences.
so here is examples of these three things.
all around the libraries are doing a good job with how they handle it.
they are concerned there is way too much computer time.
this is why some of the stuff should be taken out of our public libraries
i think computers have become part of our daily life.
other than things that people find offensive.
if not nobody would buy the products.
the mood in the memoir is very happy.
i believe the author used modifying details to support the description of the cyclists condition.
information can be found instantly.
i seen so many materials that i think are not proper for people under age to been looking at.
too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt.
i once saw a librarian throw a book away simply because it was about the religion.
cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone.
furthermore, when a kid comes across a very offensive book it could hurt there feelings.
some books, movies, magazines, etc.
here are some reasons why you would agree to removing somethings off the shelves like sex.
with him running out of water, he is in real trouble.
first they allow you to chat with friends they allow you to message anytime you want.
a kid walks into the library up town.
this is not the case.
so lastly join me and help the world know that computers are good!
firstly, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong.
the example is saying how the plant was almost died when she bought it.
the cyclist comes to the first town but only finds yet again no water, and a picture of something that makes him more thirsty.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist for a few reasons.
it is used in factories.
gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries.
with over the population being obese, something needs to be changed.
this is another reason why computers are bad.
for one your eyes will begin to hurt.
these are all the reasons why she used the last paragraph.
first of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist, because there are no cars, building, water, or people in sight.
this question might be answered forever.
all you will have to type one time or another.
if people spend time on computers they will not get off and be stuck on computers then spending time like going to the park, or the mall.
you can watch movies on your computer, and download fun games.
they can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain.
the last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard.
most often things that are offensive is the truth.
thank you for your time.
sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors?
music on the other hand is very important to teens these days.
and they should be going outside end running around.
in conclusion, the last paragraph ties the theme of new beginnings into the story.
they choose what child wears, where they live, and where they attend school.
now then, as you know adults need to work a so most of the time if someone has to research something for work they could use a computer.
in movies, books, and music, this is a form of expression.
go to a social website and strike up a conversation.
tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight.
books, movies, music and etc.
this could save someone time and effort.
i disagree with when she said that some books, magazines, movies, etc.
she gives examples in the story that makes many people get many
it was very hot and the dehydrated him.
the computer is used a lot for researching.
families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to , or .
the only way my family can keep in touch with them not spending money is email.
i personally disagree with the concept.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that of gratefulness and happiness.
you can call up your friends and play with them.
how could you go wrong?
i would have to say no.
the computer is just there.
my favorite would have to be the computer programs.
therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades.
computers not only help people discover places and learn more about other parts of the world, but also computer allow people to communicate with others around the world.
this is my first benefit of a computer.
computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose.
this is my second reason why computers are helpful.
he eats a small lunch and right back to playing.
she will try again for her drivers license at the start of spring.
for example, the cyclist reaches and fish camp, he is able to hydrate once again.
they say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family.
in the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private.
she uses a spring time setting to show when her confidence in herself is reborn.
i strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier.
thanks to computers, i have that opportunity.
when it comes to libraries, it is even harder to have different books for all the different opinions that will not offend people with other opinions.
i can honestly say, i was supposed to choose one.
he speaks to everyone and is generous and kind.
if books were not offensive, people would read them very often.
maneuvering down the hill would take a lot of energy and determination from the cyclist.
during childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer.
people just need to find a way to it out.
i think that it depends how offensive the materials are, as to whether or not they should be removed from the shelves.
every school has a computer.
thanks for the conversation.
in conclude the story with that paragraph for a few good reasons.
this gives off a very happy and cheerful mood.
another offensive object would be too many words that involved foul language and or racism.
people love entertainment.
without computers our lives would be much harder.
i believe that this should take place at every library around the world.
some of the most interesting books that i have ever picked up have been controversial.
i personally think that computers are good.
in society, no matter what the topic is, there will always be at least one person that has a problem with it.
they help people in many ways.
some say that one should have the right to censor a book that they find offensive.
the arrangement of their food is made by the warden.
children will not be able to proceed in this section.
dear, whom concern; local newspaper.
information, put them in order, and give them to us when we need them.
keep the books on the self.
i think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world.
have you ever read or seen a book that you thought was not appropriate?
we stayed there all weekend.
lastly, you can even have fun, relax, and type out your papers for reports.
i think that computers have a bad effect on people.
i think we should not get rid of any books that are in the library.
having a , , or account allows you to chat with people all over the world.
thank you for taking you time to read this letter.
if they cannot get what they need at the library where would they go?
censorship in libraries is not a big deal to me.
is supposed to be a free country.
violence in books seem to spread across schools.
but overall the mood is sad.
she feels that it is the right thing to do and it will be the right time to come back and take the test.
throughout these next paragraphs i will be giving you all of my reasons on the things that computers help people do.
you can listen to music instead of walking up to the radio and turning it on.
dear local newspaper, well many others, i believe computers are not only good, but beneficial.
lastly, i have to say computers are just fun to use.
as the man rides his bike for a while he is of but as he road into the first town it seemed to be a ghost town.
it all comes down to learning, and there is no censorship on learning.
just learning how to work them is a new skill.
people can get degrees from learning online learn another.
computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family.
are great for kids in libraries.
the topic of library censoring has been increasing over the past few years.
all of these aspects are important to have before deciding to go on a cycling journey.
this quote shows that the cyclist is in complete despair as he looks at the photo and hangs his head.
back then i had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio.
one reason why computers have such a positive effect on humans, is that we have developed many ways to communicate with people all over the world.
but we should also think about what we are doing and saying and if something is wrong or harms someone.
the mood created in this memoir is comfort.
i believe this is an advance in our modern day society because you could get the information you need.
at this moment many sexual subjects are quite offensive to many and are viewed unacceptable to the younger generation.
could use the computers for .
without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily.
computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
so no matter what we should should never try and take offensive or any kind of book off the shelves of libraries.
simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun.
those who are glued to their computer screens are no better.
scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place.
the setting effected him by making him probably begin to stress or panic a lot for the most part.
for a school project or just for fun.
i think that the mood that the author chose for this story was perfect.
music can get too extensive as well.
i think this would be a good start on making the world happier and bringing all of us closer together.
you can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go.
it is kind of like a motivation, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
she has a different feeling with her problem.
you can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again.
if libraries are meant to be places of learning, then one has no right to limit the information they contain.
if anything they help together!
and because writers have the right to illustrate their points through a literal medium, there should never be a limit on these rights.
she now sees her new home as having familiar things in it attached to memories, as her old love did.
if they believe that a book or movie will be too adult for them, they will avoid checking it out of the library.
yes i said it they should stay wright where they are.
he is clearly grateful for his enviable childhood, and cares dearly for his selfless parents.
he looks around and finds a movie one of his friends recommended to watch.
in conclusion, extensive computer use does not benefit society.
it is also needed for simple every day tasks around the house.
finally the last reason i believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet.
i am sorry, the world does not revolve solely around you and me.
we took a joy ride on the camel.
she also mentions the geese for the same reason, but in a different way.
many history books contain harsh, real life facts about things that went on in the past.
the average person goes on the ten times a just to get information.
another problem caused by computers is kids talking to strangers.
so you can and you will get a good grade.
children should know what cursing is and know it is not right to do.
not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers.
these are two lessons that my parents did not just tell me.
helps you when you need info on a person, place, or thing.
through these our settings the effects change.
most of my family members life in , , and and just for a call its like ten dollars for a minute.
dear local newspaper.
they just give us what we need and want.
some books should be kept behind the counter and only used for certain classes though.
first, you can learn so much about nature online.
also, with a computer, you never get put on hold or hear a busy signal.
for example, my grandparents live in .
my father was with me all the time.
setting in do not exceed posted speed limit really determines how the story turns out.
first of all, i know many people think that others wasted their time on computers.
i do agree with you on one thing.
everyone has their own opinion on things such as the music we listen to or the books we read.
many schools are offering typing classes to try and help students.
on a nice or day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond.
they had know that if they needed help they would do the same.
he tells them how important the fruits are for a healthy body.
i myself read almost just about everything i can get my hands on, and for some people its the same way.
what if computers are doing more than that?
when people grow up they usually have an idol whether its a singer, book writer, or actor.
going down the hills gave him a break.
these types of movies can show how horrifying really is and how cruel people can get.
i fully support the advances in technology.
this is what i think should happen to books in a library.
however, many find certain pieces to be offending in some way, shape, or form.
your whole job depends on the computer and typing.
he said that this was hard for them, but he found a positive way to look at the situation.
they can help with anything.
his neighborhood was united and hardworking.
these really do not need to be exposed to our young children because.
he returned to india and took part in the indian freedom movement.truth and non-violence were his great weapons.
i think other materials in libraries such as music and art should stay active in public libraries or school libraries.
it saves time and is way neater.
i can tell u who wants to do that.
at eight o’clock we have dinner.
i asked my dad i could use the computer.
here, all the homework for the class is listed.
i thoroughly agree with that statement.
if you have a project due on a foreign country you can search it up and it will give you all the data you need about it.
our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, !
he mentions throughout the story, how he is so grateful for his family, like his mom and dad.
her books focus a lot on how girls need to watch what they are doing to keep themselves safe.
even if the are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free!
there are many way you can get this information.
censorship is unjust to those with ideas unlike others.
he also provides us with sugarcane, cabbage, cauliflower, beans and many other vegetables and grains.
computers can be used to interact with another.
yes once you were happy you had a computer.
some might argue that though.
and you are not aloud to, unless given permission to from the creator.
we left the place early next morning.
some of my observations that i have seen were not really good.
the mood created by the in the memoir is happy.
nature is beautiful.
that will save a lot of your day and it will save a lot of you money.
help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others.
one you can use them for almost everything.
one of the more recent games for these consoles is called of !
the last paragraph adds that symbolism with closure because she says shell wait until spring to take the test again.
i was happy with my choice as i checked it out.
those questions just might be flashing through your head right now.
there was a great rush at the stop.
censorship in has been around for as long as their has been the various mediums of art.
the author chose to end the story with the final paragraph for several reasons.
our heart beats all day and all night.
that line shows they were brave and willing to try something new, they cared for their child.
well at least my life it is.
this will could be from the memories of her grandmother and the flowers that reminded her so closely of her old home.
which is why the author leaves off where she did
a library is a sanctuary for people to go read their favorite books for free, containing books from all types of genres.
you can find any certain time in history and have a whole site on it.
some people are just stubborn.
the most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information.
a recent pole in the times.
for example it states this place might have been a thriving little spot before the last world war it fit the tradition definition of a ghost town.
the dangers of riding when the weather conditions are bad will make the cyclist second guest: riding or not.
heavy metal music, you cannot understand it, but when you research the words you see that life is useless and why are we living?
i for one think that the computer was come to be one of the greatest inventions ever created.
there are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on.
eventually, there would be no books left.
the next day i got a note from home informing the librarian that i could read the book.
with the creation of art there is always a deeper meaning behind them.
computers, computers, computers!
her family had a good relationship with family and friends.
show you how your body works for , and tell you about the revolutionary war for .
i mean you can do new exercise, train for dance competition or learn new magic tricks for you magic show.
when choosing a book you have to think, do i really want to read this?
computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time is used for a good reason.
dear newspaper editor, i am writing to tell you about the censorship in the libraries of .
dear , , computers are a big part of our society.
so many media sources today are censored that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express opinions.
the author was explaining what the boy in the memoir was feeling and felt.
his parents often welcome neighbors and relatives to join the dining.
as most of us knows, fresh air is good for us.
you can talk to friends.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show that the girl is going to be like the hibiscus.
i have also seen what happens when u take music off the self.
i love your hair today.
so at the end of the story she said that she will take that test again.
libraries have the freedom to get what ever books they want to and put them on shelves.
for example half of my family live in and my mom uses internet to communicate with them.
you cant always censor that.
although i am lucky that my mother cares about what i read, some parents are not.
apparently it has gotten to the point where people would have the books censored or have them removed the libraries completely.
these choice words used by the author give you a good feeling and put you in a happy mood.
first all, a negative effect computers have on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and that leads to less exercise.
as you see many people that have computers use it in a productive way.
the author uses this paragraph because it works perfectly as an end.
doing some sort of sport has another advantage.
the serves many functions.
but she also said that the people who read or watch this type of media have every right to.
do something about it.
but when he sees the abandoned grape juice factory he becomes desperate and thinks he is going to die out in the desert.
we should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be removed.
the computer lets you interact with other, keeps you entertained and is very helpful and profitable.
he organized a campaign to get his country free from the british.
also, the computer is very distracting.
when camels are traveling in the desert, food is often very hard to find.
but that is not the only bad thing about them.
most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis.
this shows that he is grateful of his culture.
but what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books.
the library is a place for study.
secondly, which everyone needs is another important thing to look into.
i also believe that many stories and movies inspire us to be better people and to reach for our dreams.
this is a good thing because then no one will get and everyone will be happy.
his parents helped him and gave him hope.
also you see the words that you are typing and you press with you hands.
its just apart of life
another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes.
when someone writes a book on something, they usually have a lot of interest in whatever topic they are discussing.
most of what we do today could not happen without computers.
getting rid of material is not the answer.
i can type with my eyes closed.
therefore, i urge you to not use computers!
dear editor of the , i believe that computers are good ideas for our community.
some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them.
dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer.
to become a meson is not to easy.
the author kind of gives you direction & idea where the story going to go also when the flower buds.
there are positive things about the computer and as well as negative things.
when the hibiscus adjusts to its new life in ground soil, she will adjust and be ready to take the test again.
as we have the choice to read what we want to, authors have a choice on what they want to write about.
also, i have a just coming up and i left my textbook at school, i can just study on my computer.
people nowadays are becoming smarter and smarter.
when someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much are they really getting?
perhaps, the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether.
there is a warmth kind of family mood in this memoir, .
so yes computers have helped us in more ways than one.
if a mother did not want her son to be exposed to fighting, should we take all movies, books, and magazines out of our libraries?
for all of the banks we have computers and for almost every job.
kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family.
also, by learning about other countries and the people in them, we gain respect for them.
the trees looked green.
i have found the things in our libraries to really help on a lot of projects.
others could be seen sitting in the classroom and gobbling up their food.
dear , i have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in .
if there even was one book that someone found discriminating or offensive they could always just pass by it and choose one that suits what they want.
having a computer you could do a lot of homework.
that way you could finish your story in time.
you use the computer to do homework or to search a a stores etc.
which then relates it to the theme of adjusting and keep trying till you adjust.
life as we know it today would be greatly altered without the advances in computer technology that have been made over the past few decades.
some enjoy romance and comedy, while others like to read action books or mysteries.
well this is what i had to do.
at night, when i return to bed , i really repent for having been born eldest.
i for one, think that this is a terribly made thought.
i think that the author concludes the story with this paragraph because hes trying to prove his point.
so tell me again why should censorship not be in public libraries
would you want your six year old girl picking up an adult violence movie, sexual content movies, or even a with cursing in it?
, the people agree with what stated.
that is what can happen when buying something off of the .
he was profusely bleeding.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor.
of people including teachers agree with this.
computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis.
this is because not only is quicker, but simpler as well.
even with the offensive material books, movies, magazines, and music can still be good to some people and bad to others.
the only solution is to stop these materials from entering libraries and censoring the offensive, easily misunderstood media before it gets into the wrong hands.
in that part i can tell that she is already starting to change.
she concludes the story with the vow because, it expresses her last bit of hope.
it is human nature to fear the unknown.
before i began communicating with my computer talking to others was much harder to do.
in the literary world of today it is never hard to find a topic that will interest you.
the children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular.
my third reason is when people do go on all they do is eat junk food and get no exercise.
often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer.
for example, is an author who has been challenged throughout her entire career.
so next time on the computer enjoy it but remember your friends, family and your health is more important.
computers are also good for you.
that is how the author sets the mood.
these are my personal views on why things should not be removed from shelves or anything else
in the story the features of setting affect the cyclist because there is not much he can depend on.
the world is a large place with many people, places, regions, and countries.
also, from different types of reading, censorship has definitely become a serious issue, but it should be abolished.
if there is a need for things like this then have a special store for things like this
in his neighborhood, many people were the victims of racism, so they all came together to be a stronger whole.
many other people also come running.
sometimes just the reading is read wrong and misunderstood.
dear local newspaper, have you ever used a computer?
you can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere.
they can also talk about if they want to go some fun.
a few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up.
i like to keep the teddy near me when i am at home.
in my opinion you should just read what interests you, watch what you like, and listen to the songs you usually listen to
should be removed from the library.
my final reason why computers have good effect.
it effect their lives depending on what age they were introduced to such things.
a student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer.
in the desert, people feed camels with grass, grains wheat and oats.
young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease.
music is another item that tends to get censored quite often.
what if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject?
most people would say that, meeting people is good because you can have fun talking and getting to know people.
my car can run at a very high speed.
but think of all the advantages compared to the disadvantages.
so my simple solution is obvious.
some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down.
if something is offending you then you should say something about it.
we reached there in the afternoon.
fact is one hour of exercise is good for your health.
he said we should keep trying until we succeed.
negative things in books or magazines or anywhere should be removed for good.
i believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you.
i believe censorship is a lousy excuse so that parents and upper government officials have to do less work.
it is a harsh scream, that could frighten you in the jungle.
his physical effect was making him feel hopeless as well.
they help you learn more, they are like and when you bored you can go on the internet.
so much color is splashed on all eyes and ears on such sights and sounds.
i know with my heart and saw that my family means the world to me and everyone shown more time for each family member, not the computer!
someone does not have the right to take reading material off the shelves, just because it be offensive to them, or there way of life.
everybody needs to socialize face to face.
books should not be removed for many reasons.
while he is just starting out, the road is flat and easy.
computers protects you and help you grow.
the first problem was when he came to the fork of sorts as he put it.
they provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now.
this means all media of any kind should be destroyed.
nature provides us with fresh air through plants and trees.
at first is upset but then she becomes understanding of her daughters actions and feelings.
if a child becomes use to the ease of searching an item on a computer, he will expect all things to be equally simple.
if you need directions you can look it up on the computer.
books are not made for just one person they are made for many people to read and possibly enjoy.
also i believe that this symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it gives her strength from her old country.
there are millions of a job sites that would have to do with something of learning.
health your social life, and also your education.
our life revolves around technology in general as the revolves around the sun.
they should be able to write, sing, or film what ever they want.
also his friends could come over too.
in every book of every library their is something that people most likely think should be censored.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies, magazines, should be removed off of the shelves if they are offensive?
in addition, parents have the responsibility to watch over their children.
computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society.
people are offended by many things every day in life.
she will try the driving test again and the plant will overcome.
to get the recommended dose of a day you only need to absorb minutes of sunlight a day.
take my advice and buy a .
this is really what computers are made to do, help us.
books more often are correct.
i know that kids still have a way of owning magazines like that but they are a small percentage of the kids.
seen almost in every part of this country.
every parent is worried about their kid getting into trouble with the law, right?
the life lived as a child was a paradise in his eyes.
statistic say the to of kids learn more things on the computer than they learn in school that a huge percentage even for kids.
this supports the mood of the memoir because the author is grateful to his parents for teaching him what a home really is.
today, we have buses, cars, railways, airplanes, ships and many other means of traveling.
the books that are found offensive should be removed because people get very upset if they find out that the book is talking bad about them.
now if a gory or a book with lots of blood in it, then it should stay on the shelves.
no, it should not be removed.
i hope you understand that technology is not everything in life.
all the good music, books, and movies well go away and the people who like them well get mad.
he pedaled on, but began to run out of water when he arrived at a well, he found the water to be inedible, and continued.
if you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives.
however, if we did not remove anything that was offensive, serious issues could occur.
dear , opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons.
the whole memoir is about love, family which sets a positive mood for the reader.
they have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much.
another part of the setting would be the obvious element of temperature.
these are how the authors see their work, they want to show the people what they see, even if does offend someone else.
in the essay rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit time setting very much affects the cyclist during the story.
you have to be their and explore it by yourself.
road accidents are a common feature of big cities.
i know that it takes a lot to be able to let anyone into your home.
this is how the author looks at his memories.
these are the kids that are likely to get bad cramps.
she plans on passing her driving test come spring, no matter what.
we want to stare at a screen and play games or chat with friends.
computers help people stay in touch, computers are only getting better and they help kids in many ways.
some scenes can get out of control and there is no stopping it.
libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge.
this happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers.
you can go to a different store for enjoyment.
this is a very interesting question.
there all made by mankind, but with a bit of technology.
not all magazine have something that can be use to educate.
with this the author clearly shows the mood for love and happiness.
well when you go into a library, you can not get a book if you are under age.
people have and always will want, need and desire different things.
kids pay attention to detail really well and something so negative could change the mindset of the child.
in this environment everything looks the same for miles.
the author sets the mood of love for his culture and his family within their community.
so it makes it easy on adults as well.
the states that freedom of speech, religion and the press shall not be denied or abridged.
why on earth did they send this to a school for crying out loud.
like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing their homework.
drew , a park ranger, says.
that makes things worse as not only are they not getting exercise, but now they are gaining weight as well as not losing any.
i think they should say the same when i go to use my computer.
my father tells me all the time till this very day that music back in the day was appropriate for all ages.
the ending used was meaningful and showed what the author was truly trying to convey
loves online games, and he wins almost of the time.
in conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people.
in the united states, they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
this continues lots of kids will be fit and .
the sign is all bright and flashy, so you stop to read it.
introduction-a proverb-its meaning, literally-examples to explain-timely action needed-the ship and the crew-conclusion.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
i remind you, a library is an invaluable resource.
many rap artists think it is okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music.
dear , you think computers are bad for society.
for instance, when arriving at the first town, the author calls it your average ghost town but continues on with confidence.
first, the town the cyclist first comes upon is described as a ghost town.
when really all of this is just humor none of it is the network or authors being serious.
when i was , my friend move to .
, , people are using computers more often.
the terrain was tough, just like the authors terrain.
without a computer the graphs would have to be handmade, which is not as presentable.
did you know that of your life skills can and are learned on computers?
others just want to talk to other family or friend member in other towns, states, countries, or continents.
so please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned.
could this be because of the lack of hand eye coordination of those students?
how do you graph linear equations?
there are only a few reasons why i think that people should have access to offensive materials.
the internet is also faster for research than looking in a book and there are many games on the internet.
it revolves us as a whole, and if someones starts taking off books, who is to stop someone else from doing the same.
we swapped numbers and addresses.
most of the time the internet is very helpful.
at the of the day i think that censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else public.
also, it gets in the way of exercising and spending time with family and friends.
movies that can show these things but also teach how incredibly horrible these things are at the same time.
finally, the cyclist reaches a small bait shop, and all hope is returned as he drank deeply from the sink.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
many things influence people of different ages, race, or religion.
but it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read.
do you believe that a book should be banned from any public library just because someone has a negative opinion about what the book is convincing readers?
everyone has their own opinions.
censoring at the library can only keep kids away from the books for so long.
as a child is grows up, they are obligated to follow certain rules or take authoritative matters seriously.
a lot of people have used computers to learn different cultures.
also, the geese move like she did.
in the wide open desert, the cyclist was only coming across something after at least twenty miles.
on the other hand, cars and trucks are the main contributors on the planet of pollution.
one might think that is good but its slow with computers you can send emails and have the person on the other end reply instantly because of computers.
the mood of this memoir is grateful and content.
our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology.
despair is writ large on their faces.
with are of the largest number of members.
you can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy.
he carries a stick and whistle in his hand.
you can talk to people long distance.
an example of this is when she says the birds eased into the hibiscus.
we then had our dinner.
learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other.
movies are most likely the hardest things to sensor.
the headache became severe.
this will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you.
the sun was beginning to heat down, not i barely noticed it.
instead of talking hearing voice on the phone.
well its not; banning books, music, etc.
then when he get to what is suppose to be water and a, tar like substance oozed out.
she misses her home so she is hurting and the only thing that sort of comforts her a little bit are the flowers.
lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world!
on each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video.
one more reason she have used this is, that even tho your down you have friends and family to pick you up from it.
teach your children whats out there, let them know the truth about the world.
if they need it out of site you can always put it on the highest shelf.
every one has the choice.
my second main reason to why using the internet is good because if your a , you can go online to check what you have for each subject.
since they are so addicted to computers, the do not want to go to the gym or anything.
he maintains discipline in the class.
this is why i think that people are spending ton much time on computers.
do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found very offensive?
so now think, would you want to be lonely, overweight, and deprived of nature?
the features of the setting have a huge effect on the cyclist.
dear readers many people use computers but, not so many people think benefits society.
the answer in the question world war .
so buckle down start that research!
this is my opinion of the statement.
these electronics are causing.
people use the everyday to get information on their favorite sports teams or on a new recipe they saw on television.
considering the freedom of speech one can express.
same thing with movies and magazines.
this book was exposing and very detailed, in which i strongly disagree with other children reading this book.
since i have two computers and one laptop i have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
you can look up certain workouts that you might want to do.
this is when you have a webcam and you can see and talk to other people.
but the next thing he sees is a rundown old shed and a rusted water pump, and this troubles him because he is running out of water.
i know in my own life i have read books that at first ,the book offended me.
so keeping them in shelves could help our future.
i am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities.
also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves.
second, the road was getting harder to travel.
you can play games with people.
i think it would be appropriate for some rules to be developed or some guidelines to be created.
he could end up getting dehydrated and might cause him to die right in the middle of the street.
when you have friendship, home, and love, everything will be perfect for you.
and i could really careless what other people loved to read and listen to.
conversations over a chat system are fast and effective.
once i spent all night on the computer and the next day i failed a test.
what is this though?
she is grateful for their perseverance and for their strength through this whole process and thanks them over and over again.
it is your choice to not listen to it.
dear local newspaper , are computers really as great as they seem?
one final, and last obstacle was the terrain he rode on.
the variety of subjects in a library such as songs, magazines and everything else in the library is huge.
secondly, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people.
kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane.
there is no reason to change the book because that is how the people talked, back in the day, and how things were done.
having these individual chances will help people think of what the right choice is.
in the essay rough road ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting had an affect on the cyclist.
eventually she ran out and then got dehydrated.
and if i can do it, so can they.
plus not all information you find is true.
he considered his neighbors his family.
lack was not a factor in this story.
also, before this she says that things that were once strange to her now seemed familiar, like the geese.
when i got down stairs she told me i had to write it so i got a because she could not read what i wrote.
although it would be nice to see some books and magazines banned, it would be quite difficult to accomplish.
no one would ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know you will be on the computer.
how can you stop your children or the younger generation from watching these things?
the internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want.
the wounded cyclist was removed to the hospital.
but, there are no instructions in my area.
she is explaining that she needs time just as the geese and flowers do as well.
the lion obeyed him.
seen during the day time only.
they find violence perfectly acceptable and they might allow their kids to read the book.
it makes the reader think of their family and their culture, and what and who they grow up with.
so as you can see i support the use of computers, and i feel they are critical to peoples daily lives.
another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library.
if a library that i visit has censoring on most of their materials, i would convince the library staff to take the censoring off.
everyone should retain their right to read what they would like to.
a final mood would be happiness.
the hills caused him to use more of his energy, which he needed to stay alive.
to forget is to remember at another time.
libraries should have certain sections for certain books and other pieces of literature.
they go on the , play games, and use it for work.
to sensor a book from a teenager or child is just like more of an invitation to see whats inside of it.
dear , the issue before us is that people are addicted to computer.
by taking books out of libraries, we are limiting our freedom of speech.
beautiful flowers around their neck.
furthermore, going online too much has been known to produce a second life.
third, it helps with school and work.
her parents care about others and keep there doors open for them at all times.
in conclusion, this cyclist started this without enough water causing him to think that he was going to die from either heatstroke or dehydration.
living a sheltered life can catch up to people when they reach adulthood.
the sign should say what content it has so the people can stay away from the room.
and when many whites started to find out they begin to question the young man about how he dress and why.
a curious child goes into the library for the first time to find a story to read.
so read on to hear more.
these websites can get a person to be willing to be on computer instead of exercising and staying healthy.
movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch.
she is is saying now this snow is slowing down the hibiscus.
after the men picture the ultimate female as the images they see, the women will never be able to add up to their qualifications.
in conclusion i would say that materials that can be offensive to anyone of any age, should be taken out of libraries.
now, you can send instant mail which saves days time and paper.
the story is full of emotion and homesickness that it can be a bit depressing, so the author wanted to end with message of hope.
you can still do all that on computers.
i think that the library is a place where people can go and research information.
the rice plant needs a lot of mud and water in the early stages of growth.
there are tons of books, music, movies, magazines and more that contain this information.
have you ever researched anything using a computer?
when you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life.
this means that the way he had to go was tough and making it hard for the cyclist to stay focused.
everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want.
i mean of course there are certain books that should be censored, but in doing so you exclude great novels from the past.
he stop going school, he gaining.
the computers can help you stay connected with them.
there are many things you can do that a computer can do and better.
you can even talking online with your friends on computer!
they can do anything.
computers are also a huge help on a project school or work some peoples jobs, they are required to use computers.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i just believe that our libraries are a place where authors can express themselves and share their book, novels, poems, etc.
people learn too much on it.
if a wealthy person is not healthy, he cannot enjoy life.
dear local newspaper, i am writing a letter to you to explain why i think computers are not good to have.
you might think after reading this letter.
everyone who reads or watches something will take it in differently, and it will have a varying effect.
he was hitting his water bottle regularly that is why he needed new water.
you can always find a library around, there are no !
what is it that actually made these things intolerable in the first place?
where cyclist was gave him more disadvantages, then advantages.
since computers were invented, a colossal change in the way society functions has taken place.
it also gives me exercise.
lastly, people tend rely on computers too much.
the first, and most blatant, reason for not allowing the censorship of materials in libraries is the unconstitutionality of the matter.
any one person can simply send an email by a click of a button.
to continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids on how to work the computer?
you can also talk to different people who live in another state, country, or continent.
computers have a amount of knowledge instantly and also some opinions of things.
people will start eating too much and so they will become lazy.
some of the advantages you get from these online sites is that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family.
should not be removed if they are found offensive.
is it understandable to have some books restricted to people because of their age?
by doing this we can get rid of censorship, and be able to fully enjoy all our rights as .
no parent is ready to tell there child at the age of three what a four letter word means.
more and more people use computers, they love computers for place that are far or the news.
if it offends them then they should not read the book, and choose another book.
libraries should censor some of there material.
music is healthy to the mood of a person.
if all of the kids in the world grew up listening to hardcore gangster rap and watching porn we would have shiftless and violent leaders tomorrow.
another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational.
this is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy.
computers have technical problems that delete files.
this would help you because at age people are dependent on computers!
when something is written it is written for a purpose.
now there is two things gone from the shelve, but you actually liked what they took off the shelve and your upset that they took that off.
we should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well.
i think a decent amount of time on the computer, you can benefit from.
the last thing needs is more kids becoming fat!!
also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones.
what if that was all the person read?
the features of the barren desert path make the cyclist quite nervous, but they also make him determined to escape them.
i think that most people would be mad at the schools or the libraries because they got them.
why should books or other such ideas but lets get back to the subject.
the setting features also affected the cyclist when he encountered the snake.
i have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people.
every week, the vet comes to the farm for their checkup.
you be doing work or chatting with a friend, but your also just sitting their.
make sure you go outside and have a great time too!
to retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things makes to amazing thanks to the computer we have for this information besides books.
i also feel that he is a very happy man for the rest of the memoir.
the features of the nearby setting affect the cyclist in a bad way.
everybody praised the courage and brave action of the young boy.
not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer.
its there people want to read it.
is the key to their future
this will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time.
what that teenager reads in that magazine article could spark a whole new reason to help the world.
it reflected his own desperate situation, all refreshments in the past, there was nothing left.
you even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend to much time on the computer.
half of uses computer for jobs for money just like my family.
his home was always filled with life & love.
in many libraries, i know that they have certain areas for specific age groups of people like children, teenagers, and adults.
not just this was terrain hard to move around on but the path was thickest.
people get assignments to do and each class only takes about one or two months.
leaving options open for students is the best idea, because more kids actually read.
they live a very difficult life.
not to mention it has fun games for people to play when there bored, or have nothing to do.
this gives you a sense of how much hotter it is since hes traveling through deserts during early summer while the sun is high.
as technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day.
the settings of the cause effected the cyclist in many ways he was not prepared for the route, and the route he took was not biker friendly.
socializing over computers not be as effective as socializing in person but it gives the quieter people.
citizens need to learn to realize not everything is terrible.
then why should that person be punished by someone who has to make a big deal out of something.
dear local newspaper, computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect generations even more.
some examples of nature are trees, grass, the fresh air.
these will even be areas on the website to donate to the that need assistance.
and if it bothers someone the bothered person can leave.
some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time.
this shows that there was nobody around to help him and he knew it.
so, i do not think that things should be censored just because a small group of people think that it is inappropriate.
you probably used a computer.
once churchill’s secretary reached office late by five minutes.
computers and technology today have had a very influence on very many people.
the way the author describes his family and his home gives the memoir a very warm, happy, and pleasant mood.
still, even with this point made, some not be convinced that we are allowed to say what we want.
they would want to learn about places before ever go.
once again i do not think that offensive materials should be removed from our libraries only censored to the people of whom it is offensive
the definition of library is a place where people can read and check out books from library and return them when they please.
for we are all the same, but yet, still broken up among looks and culture
sometimes the job can get boring, so workers just go on the computer instead of getting things done.
another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends.
computers are keeping people from spending time together.
so many people abuse themselves staying on to long.
is the new generation of mean.
just like how has a new song out.
the features of no buildings, no people and no cars, affect on the rider is that he feels helpless when he is low on water.
this is great for not only school, children but adult to.
after time the starts to become worse and worse and the kids gain weight and keep gaining wait then become obese and unhealthy.
when she takes the test as the plant blooms its like support from her country.
but, some of these have terrible language and scenes not appropriate for children.
people always say that the world is going to end.
i personally think computers have a positive effect on people because with computers many people research about the past.
some of that material is bad though, but some is good.
from reading this story the setting does not do any good for him other than the general store he finds in the end.
as the joggers proceed, they come to a pavilion and see a big family celebrating the of a family member.
the banning of books, is a banning of freedom.
having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends.
we need to write up and appreciate with the .
we, as a community, should love one another and respect them.
if faced with these obstacles i would have been affected in the same way.
also, the mood is caring.
ultimately consumes all free time.
he also mentions there was rarely a time when was not staying with them in their home until they got back on their feet.
another student might have loved to read that book.
she also made a song, taunting me everyday about how i looked.
by marking movies with a rating, and marking books with a specific age group, it helps categorize them.
with what i believe, was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill, the author describes.
computers are breaking up families, and friends.
but what happens if it is not a man at all but in fact it is a child?
games be fun, but they teach us skills too.
three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places, and some people work online.
lets say a friend or family had to move to another country or state.
next, even the music today placed in libraries is not good clean music.
the mood created by the author in this memoir would probably be gratefulness.
now, no one should be doubting the benefits of a computer.
nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should take care of it and appreciate what we have.
the weather can effect if it is rain or weather the road are messed up he could get a flat.
this is another example of how easy it would be to get around that system.
the market place is very busy in the evening.
yes i know they might take exercise time away, or hurt your eyes but who cares just make up a time limit so you have time to exercise.
this like totally needs to stop before everyone is addicted to spreading rumors.
in that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book.
do you think that censorship is a good thing or a bad thing?
the environment we grow up in is how we turn out , , and being read about or heard is not the way to be
what i think offensive, when something removed off shelves.
this is also helpful because if you are working on a project, and your mom cant you to get books at library, then there you go!
the boas and pythons are the largest of them.
out of students at middle confess to being the target of malicious bullying online.
another reason is because there is some history on some websites.
and they are given the right to use it.
it gives her hope that she will be able to pass that test again.
it could be happening with every letter you press.
there were scenes involving women that i did not understand, and many new words.
censorship definitely has its positives and negatives, but for the most part it is wrong and should not have a role in any library.
when one person is giving a right to do something, then everyone else should have the right to do the same thing.
i agree with kids and adults not having time enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
we should not have the right to take anything off of a shelf.
what do you think about computers?
there are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone.
it is what makes the workers to the procrastinators and the fit to the lazy.
others see it as freedom of speech and writing.
eventually, he had relief of the cold water helps to bring up his spirits & sense of humor
i think we should have more time outside.
many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with.
however, it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions.
football, volleyball, cricket, running, and swimming are a few such games and sports.
every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers.
more and more people using computer is a good thing.
also when a teacher a sighs a project on someone your going to need a computer to search up information for that person.
works meant to be accessed by the public should not be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are deemed offensive.
in the beginning it says, of loss so deep () and at the end it says, i will take that test again.
so now you can see why i believe that such things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
in reading these books i see that there is no glamour in doing drugs or getting in trouble with the law.
it is known that anybody is able to rent books, movies, music, and magazines in libraries.
all the information you could need.
most people know how old they are and what kind of books they should read.
she will take the test again.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that is one way to put it but it is not exercise for your body.
he has no proper place to live.
also, having a nice family time is a good way to help be with your family.
from my experience i have seen people complain about these things.
also with computers you can learn about other nation.
computers show these advances greatly.
internet gaming is very amusing and you can find many good games for free.
everyone should be able to watch what ever they want with out it having to be censored.
by removing the problem, we would be creating another issue.
knowing that they are doing anything educational is just a great feeling.
and if he is not and with no water he probably could barely make it up the hills.
another example is that he was filled with joy and happiness just because of who is family and neighbors were and how he spent his life living around them.
i live in a small town near longford in london.
in conclusion i think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people.
if everybody paid attention too offensive entertainment regardless to what kind, people would be upset all the time.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
so when he arrived he got some water and got directions for a man who had the best map.
there are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone.
you could read a book or draw.
people can do their work in the computer.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
i am going to hit points on what i think about the subject.
instead a lot of times when someone down at the computer, a snack goes with them.
we sure need computer to look up information these days.
kid or if your an adult.
while my mother was fine with me watching the movie, some of the other kids were not allowed to because their parents did not find the movie appropriate.
their are many kids to whom this topic refers to.
all the teachers in my school are hard-working.
many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children that could get this book.
currently, is extremely overweight.
they should have a complete knowledge of democratic living and democratic from of government.
next reason why computers are bad.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family.
for her culinary, love of food, family, and parent sacrifices will be forever grateful.
have you ever had to write a report?
some of you who are reading this would say yes, but why?
they will just keep taking what freedoms we have until we are nothing more that a dictatorship
however, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer.
so my best solution for this problem is to keep those books and things out of the reach of children or have a specific age limit.
a beggar is a man who asked for things from others.
i lost pounds by just swimming for a month.
the technology takes very important time away from children and adults.
all that we have to do is take away the computer.
i feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of mind as though i would not like to read any longer.
if people took the books and other things like that off the shelves, there would be hardly anything to read.
the best years of one’s life are the childhood days.
i know that some say that there is less time spent humanly interacting, but on the computer it is still interacting.
most of the time you know what your looking for before you go to the library anyways.
dear local newspaper, opinion on computers is that i think they are the most helpful thing in our society and it benefits us greatly.
with my mother’s help, i have made a big collection of different models of planes.
if we waste our time and overtax our minds and bodies, time shall waste us.
those people tend to probably argue with their family because they had to get off of computer.
finally, as i had somewhat mentioned earlier is that books are truly important.
watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam.
from the library that are offensive?
lastly, i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
some of you think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong!
this just shows how much the them, and how thankful he is.
the movies are easy to find.
and the is suffering because of it.
dear local newspaper, i just wanted to say that i do i agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer.
how can one take that freedom away from another?
the majority of movies and books have relevant information, portray events that could take, or have taken, place, and teach valuable lessons.
that is my opinion on computers.
usually a hobby depends upon a person’s interest.
also, books are things that can be discussed and everyone can make their own opinions about.
those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer.
computers can also help people learn in many ways.
the setting was rough.
imagine you, writing out hundreds of those newspaper everyday.
second there would be less gossip.
he says his parent were selfless and took in refugees in their home.
in response i simply returned the book and chose another one.
another reason is that people argue it teaches hand eye coordination, well so does sports and just playing.
computers are addicting also because of online computer games.
a few months ago i was at the library.
my class teacher received me.
also, the terrain affects the biker.
it takes away your time that you can be going to the , going to stores restaurant the things you.
here in , we have the freedom of speech.
people is a function that and does where you order your online and they drop it off.
also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills.
the people that are checking them out should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the contents offensive.
first, she will try again when she feels the time is right.
much throughout the story, this is the mood.
i as soon as i seen what i was going to be writing about this one flashed in my head like lighting.
this means there was no water available for him.
a censored author must feel like a basketball player that did not make the cut despite hours of practice.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
he is an intelligent person.
every parent has different rules and guidelines for their children, and this is their right.
they give the news to the whole world.
there are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted.
then a movie arises that is offensive and it is taken off the shelf.
that can be considered offensive to citizens.
some people say begging is an essay way to live.
therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones.
if there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future.
authors put language, sexual content, and violence in books, movies, and magazines to entertain certain crowds.
clicking a mouse & typing away are only moving your hands, not your whole body.
she lived in a close community were helping hand was always there if needed.
he calmly sat there answering their questions with such a patience that i was flabbergasted.
i think some people just get offended too easily.
another thing is there are online courses now for students.
stuff like that i can understand because that can be personal reasons.
throughout his adventure everything kept this young man from getting water and to whenever there was water any faster.
others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read.
the mood that the author was trying to show was calm.
they also are a great way to yourself.
the author is showing how the circumstances he is in are taking a toll on him.
the author concludes the story with optimism and hope for the future.
and the some i believe that child in the
authors are artists.
for a person to be able to take away another persons right to read a book of his or her choice, is mind boggling.
would you want your book to be on the shelf at the library?
if you need help to finding a book for your project ask the person at the desk where to find it.
also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business.
the cyclist makes this statement.
we can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health.
i have had personal experience with these kinds of problems.
, some people do all of their they get obsessed and then their family leave them.
and, in some cases it can cause depression.
with this thought i think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all.
if you were hungry and hot, but nothing was near you this could make you hot.
computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us.
hang with friends, any many shore.
how many humans inhabit the world today?
also, they need to enjoy life.
you can avoid things you find offensive.
i hope you agree with me!
if we do not learn from their mistakes, history repeat itself.
when you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look.
there are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world.
opinions such as these would be only terrible for business but also terrible for the educational and history part of life itself.
i could drop from heat stroke another great quote showing how hot it really is where the cyclist is.
hopefully, everyone keeps every book on the shelves.
the second reason why computers are bad is because of what people past on the computer about other people.
in paragraph nothing really happens so there is no real feeling.
this benefits you because newspaper houses are organized by computers and it keeps you business running.
the author says, there was no one in sight, not a building car, or structure of any kind.
he first comes to a ghost town where he finds no one is living.
my brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made.
in opinion, for the music that is more adult you should be at least thirteen years old.
in this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature.
you can get things from food to cloths and toys.
it means that she will overcome all that and move on.
so now you now where i stand on the issue of computers.
a lot of their family lives close by, and they often spend time together, usually for meals as it says in paragraph .
sports prides its self on that.
there are books on science, geography, history, economics, political science, sociology, and literature.
you can figure out what happened in recent natural disasters, or how your stock is doing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true.
this makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to.
no one person has the right to remove a book from the shelves that they feel is offensive, let alone ban it entirely.
and, computers could help with gaining more general knowledge quicker.
my school has a big library.
he teach others how to live harmless lives.
if they do not like it, then do not read it.
everything that happened in that book was real, and people need to know what happened and why were the people in that story doing those things.
i really hope you will consider writing this article.
nothing is censored like it was back in the day.
we should always try to do our work without harming others in any way.
so when i got home i went on my laptop and looked it up so i did and it said nothing about.
therefore, my opinion is that is be one of the greatest inventions.
people need to stop looking at the library as a place that brings negativity, but as a place for giving children joy.
raped in websites such as , , and many other dangerous websites.
recess is the best part of the school day.
but then it also makes those people that want it censored uptight.
you can keep in touch, you can learn, and you can have fun with computers.
well, if you sit at the computer all day every day, you will become like that.
these are the things you should have.
one way or another they will find out.
having these documents in a public library could interest small children in reading things that are inappropriate for them.
pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year.
not only can you learn a lot from computers you can communicate with people from different countries.
among all other ties, friendship brings immense joy to our life.
the parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away.
she would spend all day and all night on it.
they tear leaves from the books.
we cannot take away our aspiration to learn more about the world.
explicit material should be removed if it is found offensive.
everyone is different and has their own beliefs and understandings.
as he moved away from his beginning point, the cyclist was drinking lots of water.
after this he was nearly over powered by devastating hills and dehydration was slowly creeping up on him as well.
in conclusion, computer can help you save money and help you learn.
whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i usually do that so i know when a good is to an in the to buy what i want.
my mothers works on a computer she would loose her job.
war books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be.
computers are a great way to communicate with others.
libraries can not take the books away all together from readers who enjoy these kinds of books.
finally learning is a huge deal with people today.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
being able to communicate with one another makes theses people happy, and benefits society.
computers are a relatively new invention, they have become very popular.
when the friends away, a computer probably helped our, too, just getting there.
there is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it.
dear : i am and i have heard there has been a discussion about different things in libraries.
the computer is the quickest way to find out information!
people go to the library to read, study and to have a quiet time.
whatever is put inside those books is allowed to be there no matter what.
so do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone
in libraries there are sections for every age group, specific genre of books, fiction, and non fiction.
in my opinion people would be better off without them.
you can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due.
they are used as medicine.
if people take out stuff that kids and teens like.
in the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society.
this memoir gave me the feeling that just a house is not a home until there is love.
soon people will be marrying them.
but if a book talks about certain things it should be banned, such as hate against other races, or it talks negatively about someones religion.
lyrics in songs relate to common people and at times it can help a person through a rough challenge.
no matter what, there will always be a certain situation in which one person in the world will be offended by.
computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way.
my brother and his bride sat with us to eat.
once children learn to read you might come across a bigger problem.
she found she was still to shaky to say the words at home, lest the burst into tears again.
they use words that should not be heard by certain people and especially certain ages.
i hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in , and are a great learning tool.
computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work.
a library is a place where anyone can go to find information on something, find an interesting read, or just relax.
we need to preserve through every problem we go through in life.
people should learn how to deal with different struggles in life.
for example i learned how to type rapidly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn.
a definite and timely action at that moment is very important.
so why should any book be different because its not a big event like .
a computer can also play music.
i really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that.
have you notice that is coming and there is leaves on the tree now?
to like or hate what ever is on the shelves.
gently, she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
or put the books some people find offensive in there own area.
she is trying to get over the fact that she is not at home, that things and people that use to be ground no longer are.
can you imagine how difficult life would be without a computer?
books and magazines be offensive, but they also entice the reader.
but we do still see them on our shelves.
computers do help you.
what do you do when you want to know what the capital of is?
there will always be something in the world you do not like.
there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it.
most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online of going all the way to the hotel.
the cyclist has said that he had to ride over terrain that was smooth at first but then turned into rolling hills.
so then she will take the test feeling at home and pass.
have you used your today?
however, there is going to be someone who needs to use that item for personal knowledge or for research.
i felt so bad for my cousin he had to watch his mother die all because she used a computer everyday cause that has her job.
i think they should leave up there.
libraries are many libraries throughout the that stock their shelves with materials such as books, magazines, music and movies.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i believe that certain books, movies, or music that are offensive to people should not be aloud on shelves.
the shows a beautiful picture of the you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to learn more about it.
censorship in libraries has been an issue among communities for as long as literature has been around.
that is just how they use there brains.
the next thing was there was a sign that was posted he could not ride he had to do and that made him disappointed.
racism is one of the biggest conflicts in the world today.
her rich aristocratic parents wanted her to be a fashionable lady.
there is no doubt that every child sitting here loves and respects their father and mother.
they can even make you sick or angry, but they do not harm anyone.
magazines is a big one.
some take offense to that.
about four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers.
another reason is that, people can meet other people online.
however, it is difficult for these curious people to extend their strive for knowledge, if they have restrictions as to what they can read or study.
as he got further he realized that he was in the middle of nowhere.
i would make physical education compulsory for all the students.
the sun is beating down on him and is making it harder for him to reach his destination.
first, as the army keeps losing more and more soldiers in combat and they try to recruit people they can post their ad up over the internet.
books are very important to our society.
i sat quietly next to him.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
computers are one of the best technology invention yet to come that benefits society.
you can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies.
explained that his parents both shared cooking duties and passed on their culinary skills and love of cooking down to him.
please keep reading.
you can learn many things online, you can practice math, reading, and even writing.
since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person.
that about sums that up.
also, you need more info on something, you could look it up online.
the internet allows us to communicate with friends, family, and more people around the globe!
dear local newspaper, computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping.
this is unlawful censorship.
wonder how he was going to survive.
they were ill-treating the natives of the country.
as the i wrote above, i showed not even a fraction of what computers are good for.
social networks such as and allow that.
also most of kids parents can contact their teacher and email them to see how they are doing.
there is some other things that are bad about computers too for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games for most of the day.
communication is one of the main reasons people use computers.
many people ponder if computers are really beneficial.
he knows how to act in an emergency.
people will take maps for a while and not want to go back to sleep and you wont have nothing else to do for the rest of the day.
censorship is an opinion based topic that one cannot make on their own.
the heat, lack of water and constant up hill riding can take a lot of energy out of someone and make it extremely hard to ride.
even my dad had is credit card account stolen last year.
but no one really makes a huge thing out of it.
this is why i believe that people do spend to much time or the.
it is very hard to keep up!
we should spend more time with friends family or go outside, and enjoy nature.
what they could be doing is enjoying life.
the cyclist and also be attracted mentally.
which leads to, eventually, promote death.
the setting also affected him by draining his confidence and making him seek out water.
some parents censor what their kids read and watch,and some do not.
is grateful her parents had to make a huge sacrifice just for her benefit to leave behind there friends, family & careers in the country they love.
did you know that of our jobs in the is mostly about using a computers.
another thing about computers is they help you in the work place.
dear editor, i agree with having computers in our homes.
maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time.
many of them have to do with different religions or races that people have different opinions on.
she also said in paragraph she will never forget how her parents turned a simple house into a home.
they have an extended family because they live with their grandparents.
now, do i thing that the books should be not given to students who are very young of age?
so many uses for the computer.
my first reason why i believe computers benefit society is because computers are a great source to use do school work with.
her computer, would have to have and .
they do not exercise as much.
last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers.
the hibiscus would be in bloom again too to provide her with hope.
well in the way i see it, they are wrong because keeping them is better.
that is the primary reason why i believe there should not be any censorship
he would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor.
it is true and if one is physically fit, it leads to his mental health.
should certain materials be removed from the shelves of the library that are found offensive?
lets say that you need to look something up, the thing you always go to for information is a computer.
features of the setting such as the terrain and the sun affect the cyclist in the story.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons i think that computers have a positive affect on us.
my last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life.
also online you can watch movies and listen to music.
the advantage that he had was he left before the sun came up.
so i decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again.
also can have videos online to show us how to exercise or use yoga.
over all, books are a good thing.
when the cyclist found open store with modern bathrooms, he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them, and buy some bait.
they could have a decrease in sales which would cause a decrease in money as well.
in my opinion it would be beneficial to students, parents, or teachers to get information on different topics.
everyone is entitles to what they believe, and others have to have the maturity to accept that.
censorship is normally a bad thing, but in others it could help.
it is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy.
if disliking the book is a problem; then put it back.
also, children do a lot of school work on the computer.
if you need to tell them something, there is no need for a phone.
libraries are full of all different sorts of books, movies and magazines.
rainbow is not a real thing but an illusion.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist horribly!
but people need to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values.
along with that comes the right to have your voice be heard.
i recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to .
this made the cyclist tired and weary.
this can tell you if you need a jacket or a rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella.
for example, the computer is actually good for education.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project?
my second reason why computers have bad effects on people who use them.
we need to code books for different ages.
so how you feel if your favorite book was gone from all libraries?
so, the setting is very important in this essay because it has a lot to do with how the cyclist feels.
because of this, he ends up lose and acne.
he also said that in his neighborhood, cultures came together and there was unity and friendship.
to me, i think computers are a positive effect on people.
had his dad come get him from the party.
that knowledge i had obtain then had helped me later on my .
computers are learning more and more advanced everyday.
this could help them in the future if you need to type up an assignment for school, a job application, or college application.
sex, violence, and drugs are not what this world was made for
when people think of a library they think of a quiet place to study and read.
the text states, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
for example, the family and life and even if you miss them.
they allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize!
spring will come, as nothing can stop time.
of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling , which is computers positively affect me.
if you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well soon.
there were many different conditions that effected the cyclist.
computers are a great way to use in communication.
my first reason is about searching new places and meeting new people.
back in only of the population was obese.
the internet makes that research very easy, as you access to any time!
helps the kids work faster so they can spend more time outside or hanging out with their friends.
in the story the cyclist is faced with the mental and physical journey he takes while riding his bike.
although tolstoy was born an aristocrat he disliked the snobbish behavior of the aristocratic society.
if we had all of this then there would not be any more problems.
i think it should be one or the other.
when the eight grade did reports their information.
they will do anything to understand it.
these part of the setting gave the cyclist a bad affect.
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the books are there for entertainment.
he praises the good work done very by them.
one of my personal experiences is that i love music, so do my two best friends.
is so proud that his parents were so selfless and put everything on the line so that their future would be better.
as well as for research, school use computers to type papers.
in , they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
censoring or removing things that you find offensive be a good idea.
she is an expert in teaching.
dear news, computers are a great machine to use.
these are just some of the reasons why computers are a help to society.
they watch inappropriate movies, when they should be watching something educational.
without computers this would will be nothing.
the narrator has a bunch of good thoughts, about his mother and father.
but its a great way to stay in touch with people.
i feel like authors, artists, musicians, and writers should have the freedom to write and say what they want.
i believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in the world today
these have been what i believe some of the effects settings have on cyclist.
in my opinion, the act of removing books from a library says just that.
then our teacher read out lovely stories.
many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement.
if someone finds something offensive they should simply stay away from it.
computer are helpful when your car is broken down or when you have no car.
censorship of libraries would take away our rights.
as much as they should get information on it, have there parents pick out what book they should read to find out about that kind of thing.
most people, with books, figure out early what genre of books, which authors, and how long of books they like.
obviously, however, there are certain exceptions.
also, the, mood seems to be very thankful.
computers are more practical than books.
although some experts want people to use computers less, that technology is required in schools.
we all wore nice party dresses.
protect the future generations and censor what children are allowed to be exposed to.
this can take up to on how .
from their she was taken to and held from ransom.
because certain materials in the objects listed can start off bad behavior.
anything is good in moderation, even a computer.
the main reasoning behind this is that since these books portray witchcraft in a positive light, they must be harming our innocent children.
i feel that the student or adult should know if it is harmful to the student or not.
we could have books and movies that are educational and will actually teach a person something.
computers are too useful.
dear local newspaper; you know that computers teach you to do many things?
as an using as well in school.
these remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members.
it would be taking away a right in the .
well libraries contain more then just books.
she was on it all day and all night.
we need material of substance in our libraries, for our exposure and for our fathoming of new knowledge in our modern world
is why i think there should be guidelines or rules.
thus, parents can not blame anyone other than themselves, if their children read or saw unacceptable materials.
your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and not moving anything but maybe two fingers.
so, the water issue was clearly the main point of of conflict that the author presented in the setting.
is teachers want some students to go on a website to learn something it is a very helpful source.
most magazines that are being sold today is giving children the wrong idea.
the features of setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
and when it comes to music their parents need to be very careful what they let their kids listen to.
i would want my children learning anything and everything about world history.
you get excited and feel your the smartest person in the world.
his mood is high and her has confidence.
in this article i am going to talk about the way libraries sensor their books.
it takes material away from people that can be useful.
the present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same.
books are cultural objects and our minds are molded by the books we read.
not only that but the life of kids have been threatened and taken by it.
the mood created by the author in this memoir was nostalgic.
is cool because the computer help you in everything.
if i had found something that i disagreed with i would not read it or just think nothing of it.
all these qualities are helpful to prepare us to live as good citizens in society.
first when on the computer people have less time to exercise.
its not the computers fault.
so go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something.
so when it boils down to it nothing should be removed from the shelves.
during winters he grows peas, potatoes, wheat, etc.
these reasons support why we need to have computers.
some teens would be horrified of looking through these books and others would be fascinated by it.
this be one of the biggest causes of obesity in !
in you get exercise and can expose the scenery.
finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online.
studying and school work.
spending time in nature is that particular persons.
that choice is up to not to read the magazine, not to the librarian.
but at it a good source of for them.
an if you read this you would see my reasons why.
there are too many people in the world to just have one opinion about one topic and nothing else.
i blame that grade on not having a computer at home.
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
the flower makes her happy and reminds her of home.
they can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better.
not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills.
he ends up cycling in a desert with no water just barley able to push the pedals of his bike.
there are kids sections, adult, fiction, and many more.
i once was in a library and read a magazine talking bad about teenage drivers.
not get sunk and, it can travel for days with no water.
dear, newspaper people should use less time on the computer because it effects their lifestyle.
statistics show that the average obese child spends their free time on a computer.
the black and white ' ' sticker.
the other girl said.
when i go onto the computer for only minutes my eyes start to water.
this is the issue with taking books off the shelves.
kids in the world hear bad language, see fighting, and even see people get shot.
people have not realized the need to exercise more often.
computers also allow students to email teachers in case missed classes and assignments.
this creates more problems in schools and could possibly make someone hurt someone else or themselves.
i like getting the full effect out of things.
the library needs to censor the bad things to allow their self image to look well.
no matter what there will probably always be a way for younger children to be exposed to these materials.
they help people learn and makes work much easier.
they go on , , and etc.
first off, he is cycling in the hot, dry, desert.
you are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up.
no book should be taken off a shelf for its content.
another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read.
this is not the way to go in society.
out of students that they spend more time indoors than out.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
people who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button.
i listen to music all the time as long a i like the way it sounds.
thank you for listening.
not just one genre a person wants.
as a result, that book was banned from libraries and schools.
they are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now.
finally i would like to tell you about the cruise ships you can go far away like , , , and many more.
us children are always curious to know things, especially when we are growing up.
dear , is it safe to draw the line on what kids should or should not see as far as the world is concerned.
it benefits society, and i enjoy every bit of using it.
the kid be underage and the movie would be considered inappropriate.
if a parent really abhors a certain genre, then it is up to that parent to create a surrounding in which they feel that their child is safe.
another reason is the computer can help you study a place too.
computers are a very good thing for kids to have.
just like from the picture of the hibiscus flower next to the highway.
in moderation computers are the most useful tool out there.
also in the spring she lives a couple month in the and she will adjust herself to this new situation.
that really improves your coordination.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more.
in fact, most people go on the computer researching diet plans or local gyms.
once he reached the final place it was a more occupied setting.
besides communicating through letters or on the telephone, the internet has also given us more ways for fast communication.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have both good and bad effects on people.
later i found that the book was incredibly offensive.
the craftsmen were showing their skills.
next, using computers builds hand eye coordination as well.
and with hibiscus budding she can make her new life.
the person does not have his or hers phone.
he tells of the hardship of the sacrifice they went through.
but i am also the kind of person who sees words that are to offensive for people to read.
my friend just get a computer for her office.
these magazines should have a section just for those magazines.
children should be allowed to read books such as , the , and in order to get a taste of how much times have changed.
computers can also give you a live feed of what is happening in the world.
he just sit in front of his computer and do nothing.
computers help everyone learn.
it gives you a sense of how the family interacted and became one with the neighborhood.
they just recently got back from their honeymoon.
the budding of the hibiscus represents the time when shell be prepared to take the test.
he realized that birth, life, and death, bring only sorrow to mankind.
but most the people that i know that are different colored are pretty hilarious and sometimes make jokes about it.
this shows that computers is important to have.
these guys gave him wrong directions.
when she says, when they come back, she is referring to the geese.
people will cuss you out if they feel like it while in books, the language limited to one or two bad words.
dear readers, computers have a large presence in the world today.
have you ever been to a library?
it is now or never, you would never know if you can be that man in the hospital with that cancer.
the effects that i have on computers are good.
of population teenagers have , and chat.
of all he explains how much his house meant to him.
the is a published work, whether it is religious or not.
the modern library has very specific demographics for all items to which it posses.
i live my own life and personally think you should live yours as well.
the river is even described as rushing instead of, maybe violent.
its regular care makes it move smoothly and fast.
in college you will take notes and do assignments.
i think that books, music, movies, and magazines should not have to be removed from shelves of libraries.
this means that the test was very important to her with the of pressure to pass, and of a new is ready to pass the test.
so you mostly spend about $ or $ as fix it.
also describes how his parents made their little apartment feel like a home.
it affects the cyclist because he almost collapses from heatstroke and lack of water.
well, you you could simple a computer helps people different things.
even if it is offensive to you it could come in handy for another person
when she entered the first town, this sight was troubling.
it can be shipped to your door without going anywhere.
he gets joy in floating paper boats.
and why should these books be available to everyone through public libraries?
computers can keep you in with family and friends.
computers be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends.
they continue to keep people informed of recent and also past events.
please agree with me.
there can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap.
that will happen, it is almost natural for it to happen.
computers are good for society, because people use computers to talk to friends and family on , and .
then he said over the long crippling hill, a building came into view.
did your child ever bring home a book?
the second reason the author concluded with that conclusion paragraph was to relate some of the objects she sees to the spring.
we never feel alone in the company of books.
the author really did a great job of creating a mood of love, and helping the reader feel it.
such as family, friends, or a group of close people.
we know this by looking back at the text.
for the most part though books are not all that offensive at least none of the books i read.
therefore, with such positive affects, should keep using this wonderful technology and get our jobs done.
people of all ages have the right to read any material that they want or other family members tell their children not to read about a certain topic.
games puppets and movies and easy books.
she had good relations in her house.
of parents would agree with me on the second idea over the first one.
a few years ago my little cousin was watching a movie with me that was rated .
as the cyclist prepares to retire for the day, he takes particular note of the serenity of an early summer evening, and ends the day feeling calm.
immediately as i began to read i felt comforted by the author writing about the home and family.
he never gets angry.
so what i am saying here is that if you find something offensive then fix it instead of letting it bother you every day of you life.
the author adds the part about the geese leaving because they also have to leave their home.
you cant type a message or hide your feelings behind a screen.
there are tons of things you can do on a computer.
he raised his voice against the british rulers.
in the news or radio you always hear about some boy getting bullied and stuff at school.
computers have played a vital role in creating our economy.
you wont talk to your friends as much at school or hang out with them because all you want to do is go on the computer.
there could have been people in the world who did agree with his thoughts and would have been interested to read them.
i was in grade school when i fell in love with the show, ' .'
those are just some of the major benefits that the kids do on their computer.
they will one day take over.
he dusts the principal’s office and the staff room.
if my library had done its job and given me the guidance i sought, i would have grown so much more easily.
we will start it in our home garden.
one day i want to fly a big airplane.
instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods.
i hate selfishness also.
many play cricket, basketball, soccer, or tennis.
my many local in the town of .
so instead of having a chat over the computer screen, plan a meeting in person.
here, this winter hibiscus.
library should be a place for learning, doing work, and reading.
it bothers me, it really does, but there is one question i always risk myself; how do i stop?
knew that he would get punished, but he decided that grounding would be better than injury, or even death.
many people are affected negatively by computers.
because you can get it on the go.
all of this hard work can cause heatstroke & kill him.
so, fellow citizens, leap off that desk chair, shut off your electronic devices, and jump back into the real world.
on average, out of suffer from stress.
maybe someday we will figure it out and be able to do it
communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult.
there for if the consumer takes it off the shelf, its there risk of being offended.
most of the magazines talk about beauty and fashion tips.
its not fair to be in a public place and get hurt by the offensiveness of some one.
some are impatient and look at their watches at every other second, other are worried and fret.
the author decides to conclude the story with that because she wants the moral of the story to be burnt in your head.
i could understand the whole cellphone thing but you need to make more time for your family.
as long as the music is something positive, but there are all kinds.
in the future, we will require computers in most of our daily work.
they say it is very hot and there is sand everywhere.
they can start believing that they are nothing.
when i was in sixth grade, i was in a foster home that i hated.
it changes peoples whole life.
i thought of getting down it was then that my eyes fell on a dog.
what do you do, get on your computer.
she is determined to succeed, and the hibiscus itself represents triumph over obstacles.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that their parents swear up and down you cannot understand.
also it helps you learn how to cope with some things that you could of never coped with before because it makes you feel relaxed.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a coolest effect on people.
the views on censorship in libraries definitely varies from person to person.
people can get addicted to it so easily.
the affects of censoring books and magazines go way beyond the libraries.
some people get obese by doing this.
the mood of this memoir is one of love and kindness.
when she sees the flower the clerk tells her it is the hibiscus.
computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars.
another example, my sister gets home first thing.
we can do any activities with our family, exercise for our health, go picnic with friends or we have fun go on vacation with the whole family.
for example, year old used to go to the gym everyday before she got her own computer.
you can to other people that are or you can just on some websites such as , , and tons more.
there was no mishap on the way.
the setting in do not posted speed limits affects the mood of the cyclist in that every time the setting changes the mood of the cyclist changes.
the library could put those certain books in own part of the library.
when people read these things they learn about them, and with a little common sense they can understand these things are wrong.
also the desert gives the author low hope of reaching his destination.
you wont be able to see how big your family is.
music can be so powerful to people and taking it away is not the right thing to do.
people all over learn things on the computer each day.
doing that is like putting duck tape on the writers mouth.
the dangers are always there.
in conclusion building, playing and jumping (the list could go on) you can enjoy the outdoors.
and they do help people that have physical needs.
you also understand about what to do with offensive books.
second reason is computers make you smarter.
computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air.
all genres of everything should be available to the .
computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance!
the person could go out and see friends and family.
its now or never to decide if computers benefit society or not!
for example, the author wrote over one long, crippling hill, a building come into view.
computers are making people unhealthy.
our country was built on free speech, and now it is being taken away.
no matter what nationality you are you can get along with anyone.
and one of those many thought to be impossible was to find anything you want in only a matter of seconds.
the latest events are published in many languages.
for example: in paragraph it states, a large highway sign jumped out of me.
to stall healthy people need to be outside and exercise.
the more that becomes unknown, the more we have to fear.
if libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive, there would be nothing left; people can find offensive material in almost any material in this century.
my last solution is to have signed permission for anyone underage.
in conclusion libraries are very nifty and important to the town or city.
without computers we would be like the ( offense any people).
i think it is a positive thing for children to know about the past.
computers allow us to see people all around the world an learn about them.
the third thing is movies.
if a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home.
as for me being catholic there is a codex of forbidden books that is a list of books that i am not supposed to read as a good catholic.
he did not think he would get that after seeing a deserted town.
also, the computers become the center of their lives.
i do not believe that movies, books, music, etc.
setting depends on how you can go or move.
every one has there own opinions and there own view on things.
this pretty much shows how computers are not so great for people all the time.
the era of when the book takes place is also a key factor.
finally, they end up forcing people into an unhealthy lifestyle.
dear , i computers is a new technology that keeps on getting better and better.
to value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen.
it is so much faster than looking through thousands of books.
peoples computers have been infected and information has been stolen leaving people helpless.
just like rated movies, or rated video games.
the ground becomes slippery.
mother touched my forehead and said i had temperature.
if exposed to the sun and heat long enough you can get a sunburn or suffer a heat stroke.
we still got to talk and have a nice conversation.
there are over on computer games online.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a very serious way.
if the library chooses to keep books in it that are only appropriate for certain ages groups, various problems can occur.
without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong.
elephants are very strong and powerful.
it can do good things like hide actual sexual interactions from children, which should be hid from children anyways.
these are all great uses for computers.
whether if for work or pleasure, everyone uses a computer.
i think he creates a loving mood as opposed to something else because of the way he describes and explains things.
but with his determination and spite he pulled threw and made it to a fresh supply of water.
the flower also represents adapting to a new place.
one way i could describe the memoir is that it makes you fell good about things.
books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published.
many people think the book should be censored.
they all brought gifts for me.
she had walked into a flower store to see if they sold the hibiscus that she had seen.
in relieving her mother in the task of planting the seed that she had bought she began to mature.
that is why the author ends this story the way they did.
help them pick out a book.
all of these reasons prove to be a positive reason to use the computer.
he hit some bad and nasty water.
you just cannot censor such a great book.
lastly this article is uplifting because it shows love can make a difference.
that percentage is expected to grow to in the next years.
also, i learned to type with type to learn .
an example might be religion.
nowadays it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside of the home.
it is fun and easy to learn on a computer.
finally, it makes your life so much easier.
other people might want to read it.
she said she was ill.
he was dying of thirst and then he found the bottling plant.
but you cant get rid of the things you dislike in the world
nothing really all to serious i guess.
he helps my mother with household chores.
the author also mentioned that he would always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice and how important family and friends are.
in several ways one feature would be the sun beginning to heat down, as that made the cyclist hot and thirsty.
books allow you to create a mental description and picture in your mind for what you are reading.
everything started out fine until he reached the second town.
in conclusion these are some things that made his trip hard.
they want to do the same thing you do, so they copy you.
also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places.
these are my three reasons why you should not stay on the computer, the more you the more you will want to stay.
my point of view is that people have the choice to go out side, exercise, and enjoy nature.
little children and their parents come to the library because a library is a great way to relieve stress and to let children learn.
for example, my cousin is in a sometimes we will go on the computer and talk to on video chat.
its as if, when the plant is ready to start budding, she will also be ready.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
to prove the point, let me introduce some content advisory systems currently in place.
but a few days lapse may make him unfit, for any cure, even with costly drugs.
without those things in our life i really can see this world falling apart.
i think i need a stronger, my eye are getting worse!
so he gets on a bike and rides to the next town.
this where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing.
i think the mood of author in the memoir is thankful, proud and happy.
it that his parents sacrificed for him.
while he was biking he had to go up crippling hills.
you can go on the computer and learn about it.
computers are essential to people all around the world.
mainly with all the nudity and foul words that they show.
authors have just as many rights as we do.
the simple alternative would be going to the local library and checking out a variety of books.
the flower represented the light and hope for the future.
after getting lost in a town that seems distant from any living things the author hears people!
a study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
in the essay, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
some content not be suitable to younger kids.
if you have school work to finish, computers help will work.
these are my reasons i think computers are important and positive to people.
i hope you take them into consideration.
imagine you life being ended because of addiction on computers.
also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store.
lets say for instance that they brought their laptops but for at their cellphones.
people could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted.
the butterfly belongs to the family of insects.
consumers can read the review first and then decide whether to check it out or not.
also the terrain was not good.
computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online.
well this pretty much sums up what i think about library contents being censured.
next, the reason the geese are mentioned in the final paragraph is to tie in the fact that she is getting used to because the geese sound familiar.
this definitely shows how much he loved his family, home, and friends, and how they taught him how to care for and love others.
for example, you find a website but its not suitable for minor.
she said, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
he used a computer to help study for a test he had the next day.
cobras, wipers and krait are some of them.
i understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help.
finally they are a major waste of money.
while people are using the computer for random activities, they are not having any physical activity.
this is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general.
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
at peak hours people try to board a bus whether there is any space in it or not.
also, spending to much time on the computers and others things then taking time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people.
the people do not need to look at something that they find offensive.
computers, as we all know, are a limitless source of knowledge.
he takes help from the teachers.
movies are something you have to look out for too.
that is why i think you should keep computers and not exercise as much.
humans especially children, need exercise.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
there are books like for , by , which has recently been banned by some school libraries because of graphic scenes.
when plants bud they are born.
they teach you skills you need in life.
books, music, movies, and magazines be offensive to someone but not everyone.
in fact my favorite book is banned from my school library.
when she goes back to take the test shell have the comfort of her home land of the hibiscus plant to encourage her to pass the driving test.
when the author put in the conclusion, it was like a light at the end of a dark tunnel.
also, they have enable us to create a age in research.
a life lesson of courage.
dear local newspaper, percentage of people all over the world do you think have a computer and think that it has a positive effect on them?
the setting is very important because it affects all of the details in the writing.
at this point in time, we could even take online college courses!
this way no one will know that they read it.
one, when you go to school, more with other student.
but she believed she could overcome the situation and life was full of hope.
you can search and get information.
taking away the enjoyment for some readers, however, is unethical.
magazines that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
after that he or she thought that it was extremely funny and wants to try it at home, but then gets badly hurt.
some pieces of work are just too offensive, and they need to be taken off the shelves.
one reason why it is important is because you need to enjoy what life has to offer.
i think computers has positive effects on people like me.
or will they take a turn for the worst?
before going to sleep i brush my teeth and wish my parents ‘goodnight’.
i was so excited that i kept jumping on my seat.
she realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
to me, it was irritating.
the problem is, is that each families' limits and values are unique; we cannot just assume anything about families in general.
for movies there are many different types.
a lot of jobs require people to be on the computer.
books removed from shelves?
the third reason why computers benefit our society is entertainment.
so i think they should change it around.
as is normal throughout all deserts, the sun is blazing hot, as is the sand.
the setting was in deserted areas, the desert, and even roadways.
computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points.
thus computers are very vital to us.
but, if you are on the ' hours a you not realize the nature and .
radio gives us news, information, and entertainment.
he works hard as a student.
lets say you had a job designing houses to be built.
finally, computers are benefiting us with knowing directions and routes.
it was such a scary experience that none of us could sleep that night.
computers are not a bad thing, but its is when they are over used they become hurtful to kids health.
or if they are listening to the song, listen to it all the way through, or maybe even twice.
the products should stay on the shelves so that the people who need, or just want to use the products can use the products.
the section is there to catch adults eye.
computers have even made our society.
about the same time, the bus reached my stop.
if you have a test or quiz in , you can go on your computer and print out practice sheets.
when the road get bumpy, he gets tired.
therefore i am very proud to have a friend like oliver.
computers allow all of these essentials to be part of society, and the way this generation has decided to start our lives.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
my two uncles live in .
his parents are loving people and so is .
everyone has that right so i do not think that companies have the right to take that away from them.
the pages of books fill them with hope and give them courage to create a better future for themselves.
i was walking around searching for a book about animals because all the seventh graders had to research an animal.
this memoir has a lot of mood in it and it makes it a lot better.
secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive.
i have heard of people who have gotten mad because there was a nude picture in an art book.
the social networking groups are for abilities to talk to friends, long distance or close and family enjoy research.
book showed how bad slavery was and how it should never happen again.
also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch.
not all people agree with what should be aloud in a public area.
when children pick books from the library you want to make sure their kids books and you also want to check to see if their educational.
there is no perfect society.
this affected the cyclist because he got very hot and thirsty.
earth has many things to offer, new things to explore and discover.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
in my own personal opinion i believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people created them.
computer are just another reason why.
he does not spend sleepless and restless nights.
that why i feel people are not spending too much time on the computer.
it is where people of all ages go to find books or other materials that they would like to read or use for research.
people once believed that the sun goes around the earth.galileo and copernicus proved that the belief was wrong.
you just gotten make that type of change.
it also discourages him.
also he says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
you can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom.
some people loves books, and will open any book just to read or look at the pictures.
everything we see now a days is run by or has a computer.
sometimes just to help them get back on their feet.
there is, however, one other element at play here: protection of youth and innocence.
yes, i think what some people put in their music is not appropriate but we can always change the station on the radio.
because the girl is willing to try again and to not give up no matter what.
why stop some one from getting smarter?
i found myself obsessed with it.
when people say things like ' who play video games with violence will make them murders.'
after all the library is public and i put a great deal of stress on it being public because every person in the world today are all different.
they must be able to work well with their hands to fix it.
this should be censored in libraries.
when we visit libraries, we expect to find the information that we came there looking for.
high school and up i think that its okay to have on the shelves in magazines, books, music and movies.
this transformed this memoir to an exciting and happy story.
when i was ten years old, my family and i went on vacation to .
he started getting a little doubtful with himself as well, that wont help much with bringing success of the trip.
computer are also helpful for applying for like you can look for you like.
the school bell goes for the lunch break.
it is their freedom to do whatever they want.
the flock of geese represented her changes.
thousands of students just like are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse.
the setting can affect a cyclist in many ways, if it were hot out, he would be thirsty and sweaty.
censorship should by no means be allowed in our country today.
your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a chicken for dinner.
some people even create movies on special programs.
computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families.
she has a beautiful white neck, two wings, a small tail and a tiny beak.
the conditions and features affect everything about the cyclist.
in this day and age, flight schools require their students to complete hundreds of hours of flight simulators.
it is a faithful companion.
the short rolling hills tested his inner spirit and caused his dehydration to further.
computers help everyone.
for example, what if your friend and did not.
is the censorship in libraries really necessary?
playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right?
also, i feel the libraries should rid of books that, in olden times, would have been a shame to read.
and then we have no books left on the shelf.
you could get in trouble, and it could effect your education.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because where he is riding it is very dry and hot.
they provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school.
dear readers, some of you might think people exercise computers.
does it drive us crazy that they do?
now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars!
budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important.
this whole memoir is trying to show readers how great it is to come from different cultures and know how to make and do different things.
i would still be that ignorant little child thinking that life ends in a happily ever after.
he is still honored for his three newtonian laws.
there would be something just a bit different or new about whatever that person is checking out.
in all these ways, computers help people everywhere and.
there is absolute peace without the noise of motor horns and hawkers.
for example when she failed the test she seemed distressed and very angry.
concluding the stay with a bit about the geese conveys to the reader that she is slowly but surely learning how to adapt to her strange new home.
kids also say offensive language to each other and suspect them to know what it means.
also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there.
the author creates a grateful mood.
that has yet to become the problem.
our principle is a strict disciplinarian.
to some it can be bad to others it can be part of their life.
they could do this by not letting children leave their parents side.
the final reason why we use computers is education.
for this reason even older such as find computers weird.
they do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online.
for example, he says over one long, crippling hill, hes saying the hills are very hard for him.
it was during it that had changed his mind.
they take the playground.
but when he did get to the town that was abandon to.
in conclusion, i think the purpose of a library is to offer information.
this book frankly makes me sick to the stomach.
time limits can fix this problem.
how can they prove your age?
a few reason explain why the censorship is alright as it is.
first of all, he is bicycling through the desert.
because those things are important for everybody whether you read or not.
so go get yourself a computer and amazed!
it would probably be a boring place.
he sad when i tried a deep or two it had the flavor of a battery acid.
a person could be left waiting in line for hours to get a product.
on the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data.
some enjoy a romantic novel that makes your heart skip beats while my prefer the thrill of a horror story.
but i saw in the afternoon that only my father was coming jump to home.
therefore i would not be driven to be a good student and a good person.
last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work.
it helps kids if they need to research something.
people should have a minimal amount of time of minutes each day and then get some exercise.
that was really hard.
they provide us wood for fuel.
i know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you get through a week without using one computer?
her persistence allows her to push through life as if she was a plant trying to survive the winter.
if it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer.
censoring any type of media such as books, magazines, movies, or music from a library is not right.
books should be required to have an age appropriate rating on them.
now i will talk about some of the things that computers help out with in life.
he also rides the galloping horses.
she never wanted to exercise or doing anything active.
going online can give you so many opportunities for anything.
but instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while.
computers and other gadgets have helped us go farther.
it goes from flat road to rolling hills.
even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun.
that decision, however, is up to the parents.
so should libraries be more strict and remove certain items that might come across as offensive or vulgar to parents or even students?
did you know that anybody can view your profile which contains personal info?
only you know what is best for you.
lastly, it distracts kids from household chores.
libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in .
there was a great rush.
here he begins to lose hope, and is disappointed when he seem the town he hoped to find is an abandoned juice factory.
these people tend to not go outside at all and stay home.
the computer makes life a little easier and its fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a newspaper.
it is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them.
thus, if he ever reaches the next town.
things like music, movies, and magazines are interesting to us.
they try to get him off but all he does is online.
there you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the .
traveling is such a without a computer with out it you have to go to to buy tickets.
you have the power to make a difference in your real lives.
no more driving to libraries, or going out and buying games.
on the subject of movies, are some that should be censored, like the movies containing extreme violence or gore.
two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world.
bullying also gets you in trouble when you are caught doing the bullying.
i hope you now understand my position on computers.
history has never been in the control of man.
the long wooden benches on the platform are always full of
so by you not burning off that fat you just keep gaining and gaining.
there are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people who watch them.
he is a link between friend and realties.
he also had to go over a lot of hills and go through deserts to get where he needed to go.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist in the story.
by taking certain books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves, we are limiting the amount of materials for people to borrow.
so if anything, the books that be offensive to people only show you that you will not like everything that someone writes or says.
some people just have to deal with these people.
: i believe that computers (for now) are a good thing for our society.
the people that work there could look through it before and make sure its the right type of book they should read.
the world has seen on several occasions what censorship can do to people.
our children need to learn go out and exercise an hour a day.
so what are you waiting for go out and go your computer today!
i think that computers are very helpful.
second, i think computers have a positive effect on people because it can help you learn about far away places that you have never been to before.
people get lazy and changes while being on the computer an mount of time, .
and computers do really break because people could download a game or something and then it gives it virus.
because i know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier.
the features effect the setting of the story in a big way.
either way games on the computer are too addicting.
some times she explains with the help of charts and maps.
as more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, i believe that this is having a negative effect on society.
about every two years a kid or parent could go throw a computer.
dear readers, i believe that computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people.
it is my favorite toy.
people say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends.
so to take away things that other people enjoy is unjust.
some people go to check out movies that are shown in school so they can watch it if they were absent.
i really hope that my opinions means something to you.
these help inspire people.
you never know when that might happen to you, think about it before you go and tried to do that to a book.
i would read books or i would put a puzzle together or something.
it is not being effective most times.
you can change anything you want with just a click on your mouse.
i was reading a book called ' of ', that i had picked up in the child section.
the author creates a very warm happy welcoming feeling by describing how friends and family are always visiting and how happy the family is all the time.
my second reason is that the more people be on computers the more blind they could get just for being on the computers for a hour or more.
no matter what, someone is always going to take offense to something.
there are lots of books about freedom fighters, warriors, kings, etc.
the computer have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person.
social networking is scary in reality and too many young people are exposing themselves in making or a page.
children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible.
parents are advice and to be acknowledge what their kids are seeing.
as a solution, i believe it true that it is not possible to please everyone.
with the lack of water dehydration was beginning to hit the poor man.
but then, i got a and found her on there.
and how his simple three room apartment has become a home.
other mothers and fathers are the same way, as i found out.
this is much like how our libraries are becoming.
but very few people are punctual.
now, i pose question to you: if all was deemed offensive material, what would be left?
children simply are not ready, or mature enough to be exposed to everything that books, movies, or magazines have to offer.
when she came home, however, seeing the roots of the plant buried in the ground gave her new determination.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills ().
so i like to listen to my music while i am reading.
this not seem like much but, on the battle field, it can make the difference between life on death.
they give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also families that live far away.
i have a friend who is always on the computer.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around.
talking to in country is unbelievable.
also when i go on the computer.
in the memoir he grew up in a kitchen full of people who taught him to love cooking.
this is found when the author says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
people should get off their butts and go.
you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well
for example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained.
computers are only the start of it all!
well you cannot blame the library for having the book.
this leads to my next paragraph.
i know that if i was having trouble with sports for a long time, i would give up!
world is far from perfect.
first and for most is the fact that this is .
it will not give you a job or school education.
instead of being on the computer join a sports club.
that way they wont lose each other.
books teach kids things everyday, books give children imagination.
i personally think that computers are very helpful and we are lucky to have them.
we, rather feel pain at the disorder.
she uses her cell phone to set an alarm.
offensive materials should not be taken off of shelves because something that is offensive to one person not be offensive to another person.
just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time.
the first and main way was that he was riding through the dessert.
you can do almost anything.
a library is a public place where people are supposed to get whatever books they choose.
he was smiling and his legs were strong.
computers have a positive effect on peoples lives.
movies, are a big part of life, so i think.
no one can read about a topic that they are interested in if it is banned, this will cease creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently.
for instance is a way to see your friends like that.
have you ever wondered that?
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
my last reason was you can meet people.
so in strong opinion it is a good idea to have a computer.
the other part of the day they should be outside, walking around, maybe playing with pets, children or friends.
second, computers help people communicate with others.
there are kids who think of these things so much they begin to think it is cool to point guns and knives at other kids.
if something causes someone else harm we should not do it.
if it is music, movies, or magazines, then it should be dealt with the same way.
additionally, the terrain he was riding on proved difficult.
if you tried to take it all out, like everywhere in the world everything would be crazy.
some materials found in libraries that be offensive to one person not be offensive to others.
just the other night at dinner our waiter was from and he said he received all his news about his hometown from the internet.
this quote shows that not only was he faced with the heat, but also with lack of water.
the author is very, extremely thankful for his parents sacrifice, love, care and selflessness.
next, libraries are used so often by college students to writer papers for school.
computers nowadays offer wonderful software from that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier.
you have the choice not to read them or to read them.
instead of fixing to all these meetings you can simply do it over webcam.
she said that if she has the right to take books off the shelf, then so does everyone else.
as i sat at my empty lunch table, approached me and asked to sit down.
with a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question.
you can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it.
we reached the bank.
closer families also help children in school get better grades.
a certain area designated for certain genres.
as the cyclist gets further and further, he has more doubt.
she is in a down was spiral at the beginning of the story she had failed a test and the hibiscus test her feeling nostalgic.
should not be removed from certain library shelves because people have enough sense on what they are interested in and what they are not interested in.
people do still read or listen to it.
just the endlessly bleak landscapes also played a roll in the cyclist feelings.
what could be better?
if you think that this is only going to help libraries, i dare you to go ahead and try it out.
in conclusion the setting really affected the cyclist because it determined his endurance and will power.
books are books, and anyone at any age should be able to remove any type of book off of a shelf.
i think computers have a positive effect on people and negative effect one of the positive effects is being able to talk to your friends.
first of all, how offensive can library material truly be?
because she is concluding that the hibiscus comforts her and once once the plant is well and alive, she will be comfortable to take the test.
some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books.
every person is free to disagree with anything they want to disagree with.
this would make parents of younger children happy, but also the people wanting to view this material happy.
this extends your friend ships with people.
do not let libraries censor books!
the student might get frustrated and would not know what to do and would have to get most to all of their research off the .
this is why i think.
the weather condition of their exaction and the big snake he saw.
young adults spend hours on websites like , , and communicating with their friends.
he not only makes local calls but also trunk calls and does not think necessary to pay for them.
the author concludes the story of paragraph with the paragraph because it show the connection of nature and the girl.
each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral.
this statement shows what the author concludes about the story.
you can have conversations with all your friends and family.
i subscribe to magazines and read books on these subjects.
it involves sacrifice of time and thoughts.
the physical strain of avoiding a snake in the middle of the road and the dangerous terrain just put him in a more grading position.
they should have a section just for those movies.
also they wont be able to go online and pay their bills witch could be bad for everyone.
the same thing applies in a store.
censoring our libraries is like censoring us.
i think the mood the author is trying to give is thankful, and satisfied, and that he is loved.
lastly we will have many friends.
my third reason is we can talk to friends.
libraries have things for people of all ages, even though some do not like many of the materials found in them.
on one side, parents are worried about what their children have access to at local libraries.
another thing that might have affected the cyclist would have been the affect of the desert on his mind.
obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world.
an hour later, we came back to our house.
keep this all in mind.
he told me to look to my left.
it is not possible to test in three hours what a student has learned during the whole year.
art is what makes people creative.
thinking about things is a great way to learn how to deal with being offended, just look from both points of view.
again, the features of the setting that affected the cyclist are the desert, the high temperatures, and the bad water which he could not drink.
now you know computers are really good for kids not that bad.
if you were limited to only certain subjects because all of the other choices were thrown out you might begin to feel trapped.
the cyclist is affected because the setting is depressing and frightening.
libraries are considering removing books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
it is a way of learning and researching and it would be almost impossible to censor everything there.
the cyclist was affected by the settings in a bad way but in the end was given a little help from a traditional map.
the setting and features of the essay affected the cyclist not only physically, but mentally as well.
first, people have different views on what they find offensive.
why put all that time toward the book being censored and not the school.
do we want our society to be badly influenced by a bunch of profanity, violent slogans, or jargon?
that way you can be sure who you are talking to.
computers teach us and sometimes can guide you.
they should be spending time with family and friends.
and it is more and quicker.
was blessed that he had his house.
the song inspired many of the famous singers you know.
i was talking to cousin on (the account said his name) but it was his wife.
since music is categorized in such a way, there should be no need for them not to be on the shelves at a library.
so you decide , should be outside more?
i believe they be correct.
it made this new place feel closer to home than it did at first.
but would we allow the gays or divorced men and women to take the off of the shelves?
computers are a great source of information.
new advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively.
but, i do not think that just because they are graphic that they should be taken off the shelves.
if this were done parents' minds could be put at rest for the time being.
this is unacceptable on a person why we should be prohibited in computers.
however, work is a really large effect computers have on people.
in our home country of the we are promised many rights to protect our freedom as citizens.
i am in grade at mystic middle school.
where would the world be today, if we believed the same way we did years ago about these very topics?
i know that libraries were created to be information!
so in reality some things should be kept and others taken away.
would you want your kid to lie to you about where they were going or what they saw?
although they use computers for a good reason people should make time for outside.
should books, music and movies be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
we should not start swimming without thinking about our experience and depth of the river.
there would be nothing for a religious or spiritual person to find comfort in.
as well as webcams and email computers grants people access to communication websites such as (instant messaging) or .
lastly in a computer you basically find out anything you want to know.
this is a perfect way for communication and business.
a ship may sink, if the crack, once noted by the crew is not immediately plugged.
opinions can cause a lot of problems.
healthy persons can think properly, act promptly and work peristently.
musicians use artwork on the album sleeves to grab the attention of people.
second, it keeps customers happy.
we need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching.
he wrote about his great home and family.
how do you determine what should be censored?
they wanted their son to have a good life.
this is what i think should be done with this offensive materials.
well if one person has a right to something then it would only be fair for the other people to have a right for the same thing.
however, when those in power use censorship to attack ideas they disagree with, it becomes a form of oppression.
people control their own actions.
some are small and some are big.
fiction books are the first books children know how to read, this is where they start their reading skills.
i think computers do have a positive effect on people.
i believe every book, movie, magazine, and other piece of literature should have a rightful place on the shelf.
some would say yes to this and others would say no.
every since i was, ten years old i dreamed of going to .
it could change does lifestyle dramatically.
for example same good exercise.
they are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer.
computers can be a success to some people.
all these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
some of the material be offensive and have a bad influence on those who buy into them.
once again, something that be offensive to you would not be offensive to another person, because about billion minds do not all think alike.
a third example of the mood in this memoir is the way talked about the love for his family, and how important being thankful is.
this shows how the author is very proud.
the mood show that the author had a great childhood and loved his neighborhood very much.
no matter what even in hard times one of them will always have their door open for them, and they can always relay on them.
the mood created by the memoir are described in many ways.
luckily the cyclist made his way through and managed his obstacles well.
also in the story she had spent a large amount of money just for one plant, in which her mother is shocked about.
but is there really anything they can do?
they were nice and friendly.
in school, kids are being fed fact after fact and are expected to agree with what they are being told with no questioning involved.
i am also aware that people just be worried about their children watching movies, listening to songs, or reading books that are not appropriate for them.
this brings us to our last subject.
in conclusion, libraries should have respect not only for people, but for the materials they have.
so the best choice would be to keep this material away from minors, if it is contained within your library
i strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public.
these are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday.
he is the master of his subject.
what you can find online still amazes me.
the most critical reason is that computers let people learn about faraway places and people.
it can look up when was born.
each year the world becomes more and more advance in technology.
there would be less violence, and drug offenses or abuse.
therefor you should always check you destination on a bike before just going for it.
there were great hustle and bustle in the markets.
censorship is much needed everywhere, it would help out a lot
if we allow books to begin to be removed from the shelves, we will not be able to stop it.
religious beliefs, it or not be disrespectful.
i am going to tell you all of the reasons i think the books should stay on the shelves.
it is at the responsibility of the public to how they use the information they receive.
to whom it concern, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
with a click of a mouse you can virtually have the whose world at your fingertips!
everyone is entitled to their own opinion about certain materials.
praying to god is part of all religious practice.
lot of people need to lose weight or need to go outside more to the real world.
censorship is editing or just plain getting rid of.
of children go on the computer and ignore everything.
talked about how all sorts of cultures came together as one and were always good friends along the way.
furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students.
sometimes getting angry she shouts us when we turn the house upside down.
it ends confidently, and leaves the reader satisfied.
that is a way to make someone offended and angry at a book.
you cannot censor any books, movies, music, or magazines.
you can go on the internet and find out how they live there.
as you can see this is why i believe it is positive.
like almost everything out there, the internet could be used for good, or for harm.
in my own experience, i have had the opportunity to get whatever i wanted at the library.
now because of this family is.
so, why not the freedom of writing?
it is real relaxing to me.
our parents are the ones whom we interact with daily.
this obviously is going to have an affect on him because it will be very fast.
computers take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it.
but then he finds a fish camp, goes in the bathroom to revive himself.
the mood in this memoir was it had a nice feeling and it was a motivating story.
dear local newspaper, you like a place where you can control what you and where you go?
got the point but more importantly do you?!
the water current was swift.
in front of a all does not support you with the natural urge to exercise.
now, not only did we talk to them, but we also get to see them too.
your opinions, decisions, outlook on life yourself is one of a kind.
just like any ordinary store, there are items in a library that are not subject for children.
she is on a journey, and no one can touch her.
another reason is they can get better jobs over hear.
due to this i have found the tone to be, loving and admiring towards his parents.
he also said that it was not safe to get off the jeep.
they might have some things that really offend you or they might have some things that you really like.
no matter how offensive they might be, there are many other ways to solve this problem.
when the number became more, they had started collectiong donations.
books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity.
and that their home was a place you could feel safe and protected.
he had to ride through tough conditions and became very exhausted.
the narrator will keep trying when the geese fly back and the hibiscus is budding.
now, we can learn about anything we want, talk with people on the other side of the world, and even advance in other areas of technology.
i understand it really is interesting to learn about people from different countries but their are some cons.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus provides comfort.
words do not exist that can describe how amazing those parents are to do what they did.
and i know that know one whats that to happen.
i love to spend time with my friends and family.
there will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer.
my future children and i could also never be able to read it.
lets say a family is planning a vocation to .
i go on all the time all the time.
, there are exceptions to this proposal.
it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe.
it read: rough road ahead : do not exceed posted speed limit.
depriving them of actual history?
they not even know what the right or wrong thing to do is.
there are around billion people in the world and at least one of them is bound to enjoy the same type of media you do.
the computer does effect how people exercise i know what you are.
everyone has their favorite music and they have their least favorite.
if you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it.
if we do take off the offensive stuff off the self then there are not any more on the self.
if they are offensive why put them in the libraries?
educational benefits will only increase as technology, so cutting children from it now is a big mistake!
people can talk to old friends, family anybody really.
also books give a message about how times use to be.
the mood of the memoir is generally happy.
some of these ways are what some people are trying to get removed from our libraries and other places as well.
in the memoir, the author creates the feeling that everyone in the neighborhood treated each other as family, though they were all struggling to get buy.
censorship is affecting society, ensuring that our freedoms are to be taken away.
the cyclist in this story had a rough time getting to his destination due to the setting.
another thing is he sounds sad cause he is thinking about memories.
censorship in movies is also growing.
the help each other whenever one is in need.
you can find just about anything on the internet these days.
the features of the setting negatively affect the cyclist.
not everyone that goes to the library wants to just sit and not talk to anyone.
i should probably start rapping things up.
years ago people were able to function fine with out computers so we should be able to too.
that is why everything that is in the library is staying in the library
computers are also not always dependable or safe.
well, i know i have.
they want to fit each magazine personally to each individual.
, , click, clack that the sound computer keys being hit right now.
eventually you will get hooked and play on the computer rather than go outside and have fun with your friends.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
you can take a trip and see your family.
his record company refused to produce his music under his name because of the scandalous lyrics.
so he drank more water than usual.
books are a fantastic way to learn about the past in a fun and enjoyable way.
books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by parents.
computers provide games for everyone from ages to .
also student use them to do research for school.
some of the reasons i think this is because like in paragraph .
we all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and little puppies.
all you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people.
we saw kangaroos, elephants, stags, deer and ‘neelgai’ etc.
but using electricity is the start.
climate, location, and population all have an effect on the cyclist.
by censoring these items we will never learn and neither will our children about other cultures, history, or liberal ideas.
they are allowing their children to be exposed to this.
lets get out of here.
we have a freedom of speech even if those words are offensive to others.
many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their tasks.
the author also invited his neighbors into his home and was very close to them.
he is dehydrated and exhausted due to the conditions of the environment he was in.
computers can be used for all sorts of things.
i believe that the library was a right to keep whatever they want on the shelves.
i, personally, love magazines, movies, and music.
so she goes to a green house to find plants that are similar to the ones she used to have in her homeland.
the cyclist lost hope quickly because she was never saw any people or water on the way.
computers can affect people in many ways.
he plows the fields.
the most important, though, is our advances in technology.
in short, the setting of the story presents the main points of conflict to the author and thus was essential to the essay.
not everyone has the same opinion about what should and should not be blocked out of everyday media materials.
to start off with everyone has their own opinion of what is offensive ,and whats not.
the old people made him go through the rocky way.
every single book that is made today has a right to be read.
they can help us learn new things, we all can meet new people.
just think about what our world, our knowledge, our society would be like if we did not have these precious things.
people believe anything they are told as long as enough people are saying it.
he says throughout the story how thirsty he is and how much he needs to drink some water.
some other advantages of computers are the computers functions.
there is a fix to this with internet.
censorship has a job to protect us from many unnerving topics and i agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves.
it could be a section that kids could not enter.
no, not in any way do they have a right to do that!
to make matters worse, my favorite uncle dropped in.
this is another law that says citizens are allowed to think they will of anything.
events seemed pretty bad, until the speaker became elated when they saw a factory.
and you want to talk online with other people?
for example, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
when it got published and you read it and you took it offensive.
this is shown by using symbols of geese and hibiscus together.
so who is to say what offends people and what does not?
computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier.
it is his daily routine.
you never have to worry about not knowing whats going on.
so keep the books on the shelves.
because the features of the setting nearly kill the cyclist, the cyclist learns a lesson.
in the book of it says, gave many people over to their sinful passions.
if you think it might be offensive to you, then set it back on the shelf.
computers can make some people feel like life is being taken away form them.
the reason our forefathers founded our great country was to have the freedom they were isolated from in .
this is all because technology was invented.
lawyers have to be paid or else they will not work for you.
also, i think the memories that the winter hibiscus plant brought her; motivated her to stop staying in the past and move on towards the future.
the cool pines and rushing rivers this is saying the pines and rivers helped him forget the sun.
taking away all offensive books would do away with a large portion of books available in libraries.
if this freedom were to be taken away, it would definitely not go unnoticed.
but, they were still happy and determined to be, so they all work together happily and in unity.
most computers come already installed with the necessary programs including: , , or some form of , a virus protection software, and other simple software.
i think that this is great.
if certain items become restricted; it would mean that people over a certain age are allowed to read them.
people should stop doing this you forget to exercise nature and to spend time with you friends and family.
it is also used for generating electricity and building houses.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on people.
when i was twelve years old i started to listen to music that i enjoyed instead of the music my mother played.
all this would do is cause problems for everybody and just make everything go bad.
another opinion of mine on this subject, is if these kinds of material offend someone then they could not go to that area of the library.
one reason be to explain how she has changed in the story.
but some policemen are very honest and polite.
in it talks about how his parent welcome refugees to celebrate their arrival to .
by downloading from the internet like lime wire.
for example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from you computer screen.
so, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past?
he finally found a town with water, but learned his lesson from taking advice from strangers and old men.
some features of the setting that affected the cyclist were the road conditions and road changes with the hills.
therefore, we must recognize that we have to survive and live together.
starting with what they listen to or what they watch.
as a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done.
they could afford nothing else.
this was why the setting was affecting the cyclist.
well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model.
the more you know could just save the world.
last, computers are a waste of time, money and effort.
spring is a symbol of fresh start.
familiar with is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers.
studies performed by the know that of child who play computer generated games are overweight.
computers have positive affects in this way.
there are, as with any ordinance, exceptions.
libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs.
this is also an example of fear that started over coming him, when he saw even more changes.
the author is also trying to create a comforting mood.
songs that really mean something or about someone.
should certain books, movies, and magazines be removed from library bookshelves if found offensive?
also, if it absolutely needs to happen, each library can have computers to where you can look up the book and see what that book is about.
life continues no matter what, the hibiscus will return again in the spring.
censorship at the library is not needed at all times.
any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a very positive effect on people.
i want to tell you all of the great things computers do not make our lives so much easier.
was very happy about his parents, most of all.
it is hard to get two people to agree on the same thing.
technology is a beautiful thing indeed.
maybe there might also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
passing on the information can become a conflict, and people certainly do no want that.
heat, abandoned roads, snakes all are reasons that affected the cyclist.
then just ignore it and go on.
she will take her drivers test as a sign of surviving and overcoming obstacles.
we can borrow one book at a time from the school library.
the mood the author gave in the .
this makes them curious.
for example, the heat caused him to get dehydrated on his journey and begin to feel signs of heatstroke.
when he arrives at the first town and sees that it is like a ghost town he does not fret but continues on his journey in confidence.
sometimes its just the simple things.
computers are negatively impacting our society!
somebody thinks one way and someone else thinks the complete opposite.
students' main source for education is through the computer on the internet.
the features of the setting make the cyclist feel hopeless after realizing he is not on a short cut.
so putting materials off of shelves is not the answer
libraries need to up their standards of what should be in the library and what should not.
it is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that.
quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures, you race down the hallway to a different section.
at this point in the story the cyclist has exchanged his positive mood for a desperate one as his water begins to run out.
most libraries are organized into sections for children, young adults, and adults.
the setting were hot and dry.
if you go on in you could find hundreds of on one topic.
lastly, using computers will open a gateway communication , , , etc are a few of the many ways to communicate online.
children spend most of their time on games than studying.
dear , should certain books be removed because some people think they are inappropriate for their children to see or read?
your should be or older to take them out of the libraries or stores if they are really that bad.
not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately.
experts also say that is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier.
she will view this magazine as inappropriate.
not only is that education but that also helps the environment because you would be saving paper.
so he had to be really hot.
social networking is placed at the top of the list.
it is the same idea with a book or magazine.
his message be carried on for centuries.
they make life easier.
many people not know is that every book is in the world for a reason.
it varies from kids, fiction, and nonfiction.
these things all contributed to the characters state.
it can increase their education, give them entertainment, and even help out on their job, or help them find a job.
it maybe crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie, but it could happen.
the mood of the memoir was happy up lifting when he talked about how his parents helped others and they always had people in their house.
the plight of bus travelers was of course pitiable.
our kids will decide if they are mature enough to watch something we would rather them not watch.
run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer.
because you are on the machine all day then you are using little to no energy at all.
censorship in libraries will always be changing.
eighty eight percent of voted that the most important thing in their life was their family and friends.
the author concluded the story like that because she was being positive.
secondly, the trip was very long so the cyclist had a hard time conserving water.
thank you for your time.
a simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours.
librarians are not in control of the material people wish to read.
computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the awesomeness of the computers!
have good times and cheer you up when you upset.
if you want to find out anything, you can find it on the internet.
yeah we might be getting lazy but it makes peoples lives simpler.
what ever happened to grounding them from going to hang out with their friends or just playing outside?
one mood the author conveys very deeply is that of his love of his family.
just give the book a chance and see how everybody likes it.
that is history in this world and they should know it.
another feature computers have is that they can actually educate.
the people in his neighborhood were very kind and generous people.
it is a time of renewed.
not only books but magazines and movies help as well.
i think the author concludes the story like that because its showing the time that will be passing.
on the other hand, material such as religious or cultural learning items that people find offensive should not be taken off the shelves.
i believe that items in a library should not be censored based on constitutional , the creation of gray areas, and the depletion of classic literature.
also, saying that she will wait till the spring, means she is going to try again, and not give up.
people of the have the freedom of speech and taking away books from libraries is partially taking away that right.
they are the test of learning.
dear newspaper, have you ever stopped to think what modern day technology brought us?
someone else not find it offensive and might actually enjoy that reading material.
in my mind we should all have computers because there fun and you can learn about everything you could think of so we should all have them.
censorship happens everywhere you are.
not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world.
there were people of all ages outside the ticket window.
he uses imagery and sensory language; which helps us feel i homey atmosphere when we read.
some, always offend people for many reasons.
he is also grateful for his parents love and sacrifice.
people use the computer for many things, books, movies and so one.
some people enjoy reading or watching things that are offensive.
if you love a show on to, and you missed it you can find it on computer.
com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework.
situations will become better when libraries choose to censor and remove offensive materials from shelves.
another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information.
the books could be a school assignment.
the setting played a major role on the cyclist because it affected him that much.
books need to stay put in the libraries that they are in
if we start controlling each others thoughts, feelings, and artist ability where will that get our culture that is rapidly expanding?
all these thing can be reversed.
locating and researching, even going to different countries, even different continents is possible to do on the computer.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is lovable.
or if they think people are neglecting their families have people work less so they can go home and see their families.
computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored.
without computer my mom would have more in other countries.
in conclusion it has to be obvious that i feel censorship should be used in libraries.
i was reading this book call my hood.
the author created many types of moods in this .
i say this because instead of going outside.
i believe that the effects on people negative.
the feature in the short story affect the cyclist because with no towns around there is now water.
computers also lead friendship torn apart.
books are often written for the enjoyment of the reader, and if not that books are for informational purposes.
she left me to be a street dog.
the issue that is going around is computers have good effects on people or bad ones.
computers are slowly making people less educated.
dear , computers are beginning to be a problem in many households.
we, as citizens, have the right to make our own choices, and our choices should be limited by the views of certain individuals.
i am pretty sure if it never got checked out, they would get rid of it.
the rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well.
he seems happy because, he talks about his parents, his family, and his home which make him happy.
, in ones opinion about computers and what they can do to benefit society these days.
for example, i think the author did this to leave the reader with a strong sense of determination.
age, gender, religion, maturity, race, political beliefs, and so on will all effect the way you take to a book.
also the snow represents a blanked of the past / hard times.
everyone needs to look at both sides of the story.
i remember my brother was working on his project.
books that are extremely offensive should be taken off the shelf or not put in a library.
becoming overweight has many health risks liked heart other.
for example it could mean the test to overcome the sadness of her situation.
a house in the next street was on fire.
if you know what i mean.
to begin with, why are books, music, movies, and magazines produced for?
therefore i urge you to write an article in the newspaper about the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in the city.
people actually need the computer for their the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world.
this is happening more and more frequently.
music can be produced or even rapped or sung in many different ways to get to people.
if the road is full of hills, it takes a little more strength to maintain speed.
dealing with wild life can also be an obstacle.
the author is very unsure of where to go and begins encountering obstacles such as, tumbleweed, snakes and lack of water.
i believe that computers are beneficial.
of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college.
what we do, believe in, or think is what makes us ourselves.
in my life there have been numerous obstacles which i have had to persevere through.
if people removes them so people wont come back to that libraries.
like computers sometimes keep kids out of the street so they wont get in trouble.
in fact, statistics recently released by the show that computers are the leading reason for obesity.
they teach people about history and faraway places.
computers benefit society and have great effect on people when they are balanced our with other important things such as exercise and socializing.
the heat also made the abandoned juice factory all the more ironic and bitter for the protagonist.
that is one reason computers are bad.
for example a person of higher authority find a particular book, magazine, or movie inappropriate due to their values and beliefs.
so even know you can communicate with your friends.
but the worse setting the cyclist had to deal with was the lack of water.
though peoples' opinions differ, each opinion is equally important to that certain person.
they would not have all of these donations.
to most, this idea is not a good one.
these cases being music, or movies.
the familiar fragrance filled her lungs.
also he loved that his parents thought them so many things.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in
after an hour of searching i decided on one.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
so throughout the whole story, the setting of where the cyclist is at affects his mood by giving him doubt, but by also giving him hope.
the eldest son is a spoilt child.
my stand is that computers hurt peoples.
also, nature becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind.
i mostly draw pictures of people, animals, and birds.
this skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field.
on the internet people can find information about faraway places or people.
if that person is pleased then the first person is offended.
relies on the computer to talk to his loved family.
the only type of book that should be kept from some people is magazines.
i used to watch this girl named .
the reason why one book is removed could relate to another book and could get that one to be removed also.
in my mind, everything could possibly be offensive to someone.
thank you for your !
there are tons of books that have bad language and perverse ideas.
the music should only be something children are suppose too listen too things that are in their age group.
as i got on the bus, it started raining.
his ideas are very different than most.
he admired his parents and what they did.
i do not enjoy books that do not have drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories or even some sexuality mainly because books without that are boring.
the reason i am writing to you today is to give you my point of view on the censorship in the worlds libraries today.
so it just depends on the situation.
the narration states, a large high way sign jumped out at me.
censorship should not occur in libraries for several reasons.
we need water for drinking and bathing, for cooking food and washing clothes and utensils.
thus, advances in technology will give the ability to learn about far away places and people.
computer dead is a term i call when all we want to do is use the computer.
some people however argue that books are the most dangerous thing to children and young adults.
so many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource.
because some people like stuff other people find offensive.
of students get out of school and go straight to the computer.
in most libraries, you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book.
i would read all of them this year.
this hope allowed the narrator to because more tenacious about his journey in order to arrive at the old building.
many people complain to the when they come in the libraries.
what some people do not understand is that reading those things are a part of life.
well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy.
so i decided not to remove the books from the shelves, so the people who did not find them offensive could read them, if they wanted to.
with out this form of censorship, small children would be aloud to see and hear things they are not ready for.
censorship holds back the voice of society and the thoughts of everyday people.
popular websites like make this extremely easy.
in conclusion, i was asked to write a paper to you seeing if i would like to keep computers or not.
, it teaches children and adults various now things.
if this did not convince you that that a computer is a great piece of technology, then your crazy.
dear , computers are a great invention but people are starting to dislike it.
i believe that their are lots of resources.
next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
we all have are opinions.
second, the different types of terrain made the cyclist really thirsty also and tired.
for instance, the man drank so much water, he almost ran out; the water bottle contained only dehydration which can cause death.
and with no town for water he would be thirsty.
not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect.
the cyclist feels a growing desperation as the setting around him gets progressively move bleak.
in i mite not be into what they are into.
i believe that has a negative affect on people.
other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer.
when i was doing social studies project i had to find out what the flag looked like.
he works hard to earn his bread.
she also explains her past with such detail and care.
this is the reason for the author to conclude this story like he does.
a lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier.
it also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family.
writing topics should be open to all people, because whether they are offensive or not they convey a purpose.
people today are spoiled.
in some books its has some offensive stuff about that were stated by .
i hope that you will understand my point of view and take consideration of my thoughts
the internet allows research to happen.
he could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl.
she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive i was etches against the evening sky, slowly seeing into the distance.
most media is viewed, because of the inappropriate material appearing in their shows, books, and music.
they should ignore it and find something else of interest to them.
not only was it rolling hills, it was also getting hotter.
our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated.
now i will move on the my last reason.
is used by teens and adults like, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via computer.
part of what makes so great is the freedom that come with living here.
movies can affect someone, especially someone who is very young.
for one the has the most obese children in the world.
you can also buy thing off the computer.
another way is through video chat.
censorship be needed but the offensive materials do not need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one could ever read it again.
i asked, ' happened?'
but, i mean those are only my opinions.
people today are too worried about other people.
computer have mark information then any book in the world.
, i believe that we should tell the people of about the dangers of using computers too much.
stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes.
or spend time with family and friends.
newspapers publish government policies.
they keep at the taps half-open.
couple that with him biking, and you have yourself a dehydrated man in the desert!
if she is tempted by something from home, she will not take it because it will make her sad.
this clearly violates the and thus is unconstitutional and illegal in the .
the instant message is probably the must used by teens.
the hidden information could be helpful.
from my personal experiences, i tend to ignore friends and family.
this is very helpful to somebody who is injured or is trying to get another degree to get a better job.
do citizens have the right to remove books, magazines, and other materials from shelves because they personally do not agree with the content?
say their a teen and end up finding you that is why parents should not be let their children be on period of time and should be on.
if items are removed based on someones opinion then there will be a very limited selection left.
because of the lack of water, not only might be die but he begins to see mirages.
computers not only help that but they are plentiful & can be used in places such as libraries on internet cafe.
i think this because .
trees provide us timber to make furniture.
the final problem he faces is the .
however, the land had changed long ago after these men were last here.
people use computer for every thing from work to expressing feelings.
just because one person does not like something does not mean that everybody else cannot either.
the toys of japan were liked very much by the children.
also at a library their are age level restrictions on cards that prevent a child from checking out offensive material.
most people in have a computer in their home.
historic material such as diaries and accounts of events should be held at federal libraries.
it also teaches oodles of information.
then i would read a few pages and i would think it was pretty good.
if we do stop this way of life then things could get better and then our planet will stay around longer and we could make the a better place.
computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life.
computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent on.
they are a tool of knowledge.
they show a persons opinion on something.
but the only types of people that those books, movies or magazines would affect would be teenagers and kids.
secondly, you can talk to your family members and friends on the internet.
this shows how happy he was because of how much his parents loved him.
the author in the story created a mood that you could feel all over while reading the article.
the book was about a guy who was out drinking, the guy had know other way home than to drive.
next, it should be up to the .
the newspapers carry information for everyone-businessman, politician, unemployed people, players and kids etc.
this is all because of one little thing and that little things is the computer!
i do not want my children to read some of the things that i read when i was young.
dear, i think the effects that computers do on people are really positive.
this in turn makes the world illiterate.
she cries when she sees the plants because it reminds her of her old home.
he also says, over one long, crippling hill.
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting.
there are dozens practical for computers but nowadays, many people, especially children, are using computers excessively.
or i would give them different house to choose from and give them a good deal on it.
the first reason that their should be no censorship of novels and works of literature is because writers deserve the freedoms of speech and press.
please read on so i can explain my reasons.
of the recently took a survey at the , agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination.
aim, , and are all different ways to interact with each other.
people get things done quicker, giving people more time to do what matters most, interacting with their families.
we can also get postcards, inland letters, and envelopes at these windows.
kids would learn about sex and drugs in school, and have a safe environment to answer their questions if they have any.
we depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few.
do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning.
dear local newspaper, do you keep in touch and do computers effect your job?
he also creates a sad mood by never talking about the good things.
that is bad that they would have that on there shelf, just because that makes there library looks like a trashed up place to go to.
this lonely scenery takes it if full on the cyclist.
my aunt is required to use her computer everyday at work.
i do believe that someone is trying to make a difference with the banned books list.
of the goes without physical domain for at least a and a half.
i remember when i was doing a project on , of music.
dear editor, computers are a waste of time.
children not understand right now what is wrong with the economy, but they will soon learn when they are adults why people complain so much.
now, they see each other almost every week.
everyone just pushes and jostles.
he runs into a deserted factory and miles of land without people.
books should be sat out on the shelf for anybody that goes to the library.
lastly, having computers can help you meet new people.
for example, in the beginning he came across a deserted town so he was cautious.
who wants to be told what they can and cannot read?
the second reason libraries should not censor what books they provide goes right along with the choices we make in life.
i really astonishing how much education we have gained from using the computer.
i could read from name-plate that he was the librarian.
these people also have no time for their outdoor activities they used to enjoy.
the veterans then might want the movie taken of the shelves.
that is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
but yes i think that there should be any kind of magazine, movie, or book at the library that you need.
both of these examples gave him hope but none gave him relief.
i also believe that if the content is not relative to the viewers interests, then they should just not look at it.
just like books and magazines, every one has their own taste in music.
and also set and stand by the age limits of the books being checked out.
any water, he did not have much strength left to face rolling hills, but he had no choice.
the decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system put in place for all media.
some people should just know better and take it .
also explains how grateful was to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that.
there was no place to stop for water and if there was, the water was bad and warm.
libraries should not cause worry or harm in any way.
another thing that could be, but not entirely, removed from library material could be books that express violent or criminal acts.
in addition, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that nothing else can do.
now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys.
just imagine, late at night, pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay due tomorrow.
they should not be where the kids go and read books or nothing like that.
you could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way.
when my father went to bathroom for a shower bath, i took my bicycle and rushed out.
she closed her eyes and breathed in, deeply.
computers help people by interacting with others throughout their daily lifestyle.
, librarians, and public officials have gone too far in thinking they should have the right to choose who reads certain books and who does not.
many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person.
life would be very hard without them.
that is what he or she chose to write about!
most do gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active.
libraries should have to right to open all types of books to their shelves and not have them be censored by the public, this is why.
in the end computers are a necessary item in a business.
there should be a right that adults can remove books from the shelf if its not right for there kids.
the rough road was the time where he had to be really careful and not to exceed the speed limit.
in conclusion, i think libraries should have at least some censorship.
when a person uses a computer they have to keep an eye on the screen but still be able to use the mouse or keyboard.
imagine, you go into your favorite library and you go to grab your favorite book or movie and its not there.
then the main level or area should be teen books.
they be considered censorship, but that is one step away from being banned.
for one it is really hot.
seventy years ago, japan was a backward country.
it began to mess with his mind and take toll on his body quickly.
it would be all the more reason for him to give up.
i think it depends on what the magazine is and what it talks about in it.
computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard.
the main setting was that he was riding his bike in the desert.
just like the flower losing its buds in the winter and growing them back.
what is offensive to you?
the more you use a computer the more you know about it.
parents will not want to walk into a with their children and find them starting at images that go against what they believe in.
the author of this memoir created a mood about family.
books that are censored are usually the books that help ones imagination.
do you remember the last time you locked something up on the computer?
how can one person, or a group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not?
i have many reasons for this belief, but the three most important are going to be stated.
finally you can waste your time at home and not explore the .
thank you for your time.
there are thousands of books on the and many movies as well.
morning walk keeps me away from sickness.
it should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out.
have you ever heard of online colleges?
it is also good for improving memory.
to begin with, in the matter of the case should we or should we not remove offensive books,music, magazines, or movies from the library.
computers have helped so many people do so many things!
the music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents.
he also encountered a big snake that appeared to be a diamondback which he avoided even though it almost covered the road.
computers open doors in the world.
music does not kill people.
if you do not see what is or is not right, who is to say what is truly ethical?
he wanted to end the story on a positive note.
i was informed by the parents that their children would never get time to play.
materials are made for a reason.
many books that are threatened by censorship are books about historical facts, such as the holocaust.
farmers need water for cultivation.
another reason is because the flower blooms in spring and it never stops blooming.
this actually means a situation that will came again that will help you to get what is needed out of it that you missed.
no one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect.
finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer.
they bought a that costs , on top of that, they spent on all the programs they needed for the computer.
it is faster and more accurate.
my second reason is kids might have to look important things up.
dear readers of the local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
nature, is being ignored , more than ever.
when using the computer you have to look at the screen which is with very bright lights.
he also encounters a terrain change, from flat road to short, rolling hills.
oh i know, i know, all of family and friend time was wasted into being on the computer.
just think a sales person for instance.
computers are just amazing!
in conclusion these moods are the examples of the memoir.
she takes us to school and brings back from the school.
dell, , and so many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously expensive prices.
and i still feel the same way about the music as i do with books.
produces only bookworms.
another thing, that is somewhat related to this.
typing is also another advantage.
and maybe by the spring she will be happy and comfortable here, comfortable enough to try her driving test again.
if this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one.
those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad.
during the passage do not exceed speed limit, the cyclist endures many hardships.
because shes learning more about it + will be ready for the test next spring.
we wrapped ourselves in warm clothes and set in front of the fire.
i think most people would agree i say everyone in this world should be treated the absolute same.
to continue with, computers help families by bringing them closer in a way.
people can go there for many different things.
what will you choose?
the road becomes bumpy and there is a large snake blocking the way.
most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text.
we could use a rating just like movies do.
a few things that i would find, that would bother me are books or magazines that contain drugs, nudity, horrible violence, and bullying.
plus the person who wrote or made the object would be shot down ( of sadness or rejection).
slavery is a strong, bold word that represents a horrible thing.
a computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news.
being an author you have the freedom of speech, you can write whatever you feel like writing.
i have named her birdie.
however, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her account.
to start off, computers and other technology make life easier.
i do not believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
using the internet, world changing news can spread like wildfire and inform everyone in seconds.
local libraries are a very nice place to go for books, movies, and information.
most information would have to from brooks.
at the end she says that she will retake the test when the geese come back, the snow has melted and the hibiscus is budding.
its the same thing with the other things like the magazines, books and music.
the modern world today makes it easy for people to find just about anything without a large hassle.
obviously, we must stop relying on technology to help, and begin activities ourselves again.
i can also remember going with my grandparents.
some things a magazine can contain are about advertising tobacco, such as its good for you to try.
almost everything you can get stuff out of store because they have online store to mail to you.
they think why go outside when i have all this stuff inside?
instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book about ; they can simply go online and type in under a search engine.
having one person read this could be a problem, now imagine having more than just one, a whole clique seeing this.
they help you write reports or reports in general for any subject.
computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped.
is a worst case scenario in which censorship was not practiced at all.
from personal experience, observations, and reading of the issue censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
chatting on the computer is great.
so just talk to them and be real about things.
first, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree.
it is the parents' job to regulate the reading of their children not the contents of the bookshelf.
that it would be along while before anyone would be able to find him.
at the end of class gets graded and the grade on turns out to be a .
you can type up a page essay if you wish.
censorship is either loved or hated, its all one big opinion.
this is how the computer can come in handy when you need .
the setting in the essay rough road ahead; do not exceed the speed limit affected the narrator in many ways.
example even grandma have and she talks online with her family members.
people could also use less fossil.
in addition, they lead to less interaction with real people.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people.
this brings me to my conclusion.
these ways are that he is running out of water, he might become dehydrated and he is unsure of the path he is on.
the feature of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i bet people all over the world have read offensive books.
they say you are involved with what you read.
their is nothing funny about it.
his description of this home is very soothing to me because it just has a happy background and his talk so highly of.
blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can cause you to have a heart attack.
maybe that is some kids favorite book and when he comes in there the next day it is gone.
it was my eighth birthday.
but it is not up the the government to be able to choose what a specific child is able to view.
the setting which is a desert in the summer affects the cyclist.
the sons and daughters are always quarreling among themselves.
to remain young in spirit, isolate yourself completely and meditate.
the only way i would say remove them if it was really offensive such as racism and things like that.
we never know who is actually right or wrong about topic.
so the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids.
the censorship should be fine according to some people other would disagree.
without newspapers, people cannot get knowledge and news of our country and the world.
also, teachers can put their grade books in their had drive.
people will always have a choice to do what they want in most cases.
when you have a choice and you have to make it and hope you make the right one
without the setting he would not have been in such a serious but luckily in the end the setting helped him be determined enough to make it.
this knowledge helps with homework assignments incredibly.
dear newspaper, the invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today.
the mood in this memoir is caring and loving.
many of the settings features affect the cyclist.
dear newspaper, i often think about the effect of technology on humans.
at this point the cyclist has no water and is very dehydrated.
a very important choice that each individual makes on a daily basis is what to read.
so, , the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing!
i think that a library should be a nice quiet welcoming.
the computer is often used for projects essays which is important.
the amount of spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and effect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere.
then my father left me in school.
with this power over them, the people are weakened and often abused.
in fact, i just got invited to a party yesterday over .
or in rare cases the parents are the cause of it.
the conditions and features of the setting caused the cyclist to be tired and dehydrated and think that he was going to die from it.
shows that without a right to , society is reduced to very simple, uneducated creatures.
these are features that had an affect on the cyclist.
she had decided she will retake the test next time she gets a change.
this problem is specially for teens.
the technology is unbelievable and makes everyday life, easier.
but, some have content that are not suited for children.
but we have to computer become we have to because we need.
i you see the computer the way i do.
instant messaging is not the only way you can communicate with friends or family, there is also video chat.
computers are making that happen quicker.
he begins his journey confidently on flat terrain and with a large supply of water.
so when asked, we can show our age.
before computers you would have to go to the library, find the book you need, and then search through it until you found the information you needed.
many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk.
so let me express my love for computers to you.
shut down libraries?
if we cant deal with these problems first then computers will turn out to be a bad thing.
dear local newspaper, i have been asked to write a letter stating opinion on the effects, computers have on people.
also it is used to make reports up for people.
our government gives us the right to have freedom of speech.
not only do the schools help students, but also everyday people help as well.
there are countless sites and to name a few, , , , the list goes on and on.
another thing is sex in books.
he thought he was going to die.
we are allowed to give our opinions on any topic, and describe it in any way.
these are pieces of evidence that describe the mood of the memoir.
in seconds there will be thousands thousands of results.
but if it is censored then they will not even be able to read it when they get older.
trees play an important role in purifying the air around us.
when surrounded by new digital age.
well i have a solution to your problem.
next time you turn on that laptop, think.
you need a good grade on a project.
this affects his mood to pity for himself and anger at the men who put him into the predicament.
computers help everyone, and make life easier!
weather can make them use up their water faster or slower, rain as bad road conditions could force a cyclist go slower.
after he had came back over to where i was sitting, i had told him that she was right.
so, as the case be why would you censor a library that goes for all ages.
you want this to happen to our country?
there are hundreds of really phenomenal books out there that would be banned, and future people would not be able to enjoy them.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
because those books, and many others, are very important to us.
the flowers bloom in the spring bringing new life.
people need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising.
as he kept going, and sort of got of cause, he began to come into the desert region.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
i, for one, do not approve.
the second offered only water that slightly resembled battery acid.
whenever i get free time, i read books and i enjoy it.
also, maybe publish some too, into the newspaper.
this shows exactly how hot it was and how much he was drinking.
how much easier could it get?
not only that but you should notice the great potential the computer has for showing us distant, faraway lands and cultures.
what the author means that right now she has failed but over time she can study and learn more to get ready to re take it.
the text also states, and the hibiscus is budding then i will take the test ].
she was crying in the store and just very depressed.
if you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you.
baseball is why i can bench press pounds.
new technology can track kids.
i feel that books should stay on the shelf however.
also, there were hills.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she is comforted by the memories of her homeland and really appreciates the beauty of tropical plants.
we all like to read them, watch them, and listen to them.
you can find all good stuff online.
that sense of happiness and fullness one might get after doing something good for someone else.
people could assume that drugs kill you.
the effects computers have on people are beneficial.
for example you could ride a bike play games or just fool around with friends.
as she sees the geese adapting she chooses to try.
these three magazines talk about how to be better in bed.
also people people have the right to choose what they want.
she is the busiest person in the house.
the flat wide open road turned into to short, rolling hills.
time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer.
if i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato i would but i never go on the computer unless it is for homework.
dear , you think people should stop going on the computer?
you were smart you would not listen to those experts have you ever heard of the word multi tasking?
he works hard to earn his bread.
the water was very hot and tasted very nasty.
putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea.
the library just gives us facts about what we need to know about a person or anything like that.
in their neighborhood all the races were together in unity despite the customs else where.
sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.
books, there are lists of hundreds of banned books and honestly you could find a dozen reasons to ban any book ever written.
they basically had to start over this pursuit to get good careers.
my mother who saw that my father was harvesting in the paddy field alone, went to help him.
i believe that even though some of these books or movies might have a couple of offensive lines or phrases that does not mean the whole thing is offensive.
it could help gain knowledge, meet new people or make you gain weight and have a lack of social skills.
do you want to spend on unhealthy contraptions?
when you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim?
stories about knights and princesses are great for young people, but other stories about the darker sides of life are normally kept away from the hands of children.
more people go to a library now not to study or to read in peace, but to get a sex high.
in paragraph , the author explains how his parents house and doors are open to anyone who needs help getting back on their feet.
another thing that needs to be removed is racial material.
these are just some examples of moods created by the author in this memoir.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
in some movies, for example, the rating is just not right because some movies have so much violence or language.
the passage that supports this is,.
they should be locked up.
these days its harder to not stay in touch than it to stay in touch.
r is for restricted to people under seventeen (without an adult present) , is for people of the ages sixteen and under without an adult.
some things come across as offensive to others, but who has the right to say that something should not be shared with the rest of the world.
it would save you from standing your friend up and feeling guilty about it.
this can teach the younger kids what is wrong and right, as well let them be aware of what life is about.
so they check online and find about it there.
windows and programs will really benefit you in your need for school help.
the cyclist now knows that it might be awhile before he gets any more water.
not only does a computer teach me about current events, it also helps me in my daily life.
than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because there is mo water, hills, and deserts.
we need books and music to inspire and electrify the world, and magazines we need not.
just think what would society be like with no computers.
mr. peter is very fussy about his food.
to start off, computers are bad because they can be used as a way to babysit a child.
so why should your point of view affect another person.
the features is old abandon towns and hot temperatures.
at one point in the story, the author writes that he was trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
soon the platform wears a deserted look.
to me it seems like when the hibiscus comes back to life.
the computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an society.
first, i think some of the music they play and listen to can be a little graphic.
if we take these books from our shelves we are harming ourselves and allowing us to become ignorant.
lastly, computers give us the chance to express our ideas like never before.
are offensive then you really got to take action.
how would you feel if that freedom was taken away from you?
do you think having inappropriate or offensive books, magazines, movies or music should be found in a public library?
the something with technology.
depression is all over the state even the country.
, radio, books, movies, magazines would all be uncensored.
we place ourselves in an environment that is specifically created to make us comfortable with the responsibilities of maturity.
why take the risk when you can just use a phone!
the time has come to decide.
the computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them.
with the technological revolution came games like .
another thing is the lifestyle.
criminal acts, vulgar language and more.
the mood for his story is bittersweet.
homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like and video games are a click away.
then you have to get a new computer and everything all.
the fashion of the and is just a project i did last month.
have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country?
people like you and me use computers to keep in touch with friend and people we know.
throughout the memoir.
he comes & to every and we hangout with each other.
by doing this, not all people will be satisfied when not everyone gets what they want.
or when the doctor can successfully say that all of the cancer in your body has gone away?
likewise, if the content of a work of literature does not appeal to an individual then it should just simply not be read by that person.
the character says this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
i thank god for giving me a loving family and a wonderful life.
one evening when he was resting he got into a deep conversation with a couple of elders.
so when she goes to take the test it will be a year.
with millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities.
the cyclist uses all of his energy to get to unknown towns of no importance, and with no water.
newspapers give us information about our country.
so i think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives.
children will see and hear offensive things anyways.
will that be the next thing that is censored?
it shows love to them.
my conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer.
in conclusion, censorship in libraries is limiting and wrong.
not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity.
at first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run.
as you can see, there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir.
last sunday, there was an accident near india gate.
dear , you know computers are a major part of our society.
how can someone tell an author of a book that his or her writing is too graphic or too offensive?
i let you never of a computer like that!
you can learn about or.
maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you.
has been a known censored book from the beginning due to its somewhat dark and gloomy aspects at certain points throughout the story.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
libraries have sections for all ages.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she misses her home and that affected her driving test.
computers have a positive effect on people.
i felt that she had hope because she is willing to take the test again.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
that is my final reason of the bad effects a computer has.
a social life is very important to a grater.
kids are let onto computers every day and they wonder to the websites that the internet has to offer.
people can send horrible messages to someone.
i believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today.
finally, his parents were able to support these bonds.
but the biggest hindrance was along his setting.
she is all alone making her feel small and helpless.
would you ask for to be removed?
the books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them.
some people like certain books or media and dislike others.
of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator.
when i was younger i went to the library all the time.
it makes you feel like you were there and that you wish your family could be like that.
some parents have no idea what their child might be watching behind closed doors.
even for the books that are unrealistic they are also made for a reason and should be allowed to have their place in the library.
when the librarian told us, we were upset because us girls loved to read those books.
finally, they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
that is also a typing game.
she helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily.
yes it could have bad words or beliefs, but it could help someone.
i bet there are many people that have that same issue.
or a movie or music that you see and the content from them shocks you and makes you that they bleep those word.
so, if every author wants to express something through their writing, then why should we not let them be heard.
statistics show that around of children under years of age are obese.
adding to his weakness, and the extreme heat, he also ran out of water, causing him to become dehydrated.
censorship, or the ability to control what is seen or heard, is a term that is taken very differently from one person to the next.
he tried the pumps but he explains how a far like substance oozed out, followed by brackish water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
it might comforted her in a way.
thank you for reading this and have a nice day
the cyclist also had to go over roads that were in bad condition slowed him down even more.
they have pictures in them and anyone can look at a picture.
if we just get off our computers and get out, we can turn that around.
now you can see that the internet can help people and its not just keeping people inside that is why i think we should keep improving technology.
it’s popularity gives it immense power in molding public opinion.
see, just recently a girl in went over her friends' home to do their homework together.
every year, thousands of students go to college, and thousands of families move away from each other.
its time we put a timer on our computer and spend more time outside.
why should the government have total control over the are exposed to?
you should think about after math like thoughts and opinions from everyone else.
they could become obese and possibly get diabetes.
some people go to a library to use the computer for a project, or to check out books, musical materials, movies, etc.
that is how you get kicked off of these things.
or what if your computer brakes?
each team has five players.
no one is ever going to be able to control what our youth see.
i listen to the radio station sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence.
that same day i came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing.
first of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online.
talking at libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book your reading or just hangout.
when he found the towns that they spoke of all he found was ghost towns.
they sacrificed so much for him.
another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well.
people sometimes need a computer because they might be bored, so they can go online and play games and have fun.
people should be made to realise their social and political responsibilities.
reason is the give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
rather than talking to complete strangers go over to your friends house.
so, she go on the internet start looking at different styles and maybe she could become a famous journalist.
that is just how the songs go.
its as simple as that.
the same can be said for merry scenery too.
for his family and the people him.
that is, we could meet people from lots of other countries when participating in international sports activities.
so, if they wanted to read a book like that, they could probably get it off the internet, even if they can not in libraries.
first thing is that computers are having a effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing.
lastly, all of paragraph and explains how his parents risked everything to be in the .
whether or not children read or see the offensive material is the decision of the parents.
this child that is telling the story is telling about the happy things in their life.
if we start censoring books, writers will be forced to censor their personal thoughts.
in my opinion the citizens of would want to keep it more clean and be more about their.
any item, whether biased or not, should be able to be found on the shelves of a library.
offensive books and magazines put out for the public is asking for something bad to be a result.
i can type a that big in about minutes because it have been typing in other .
each person has their own say of what material they choose to consume, and nobody else has the right to tell them otherwise.
one person love a book and another person hate it.
one day he says to me because of i want to work with computers.
in conclusion, computers provide an abundances of uses.
i personally have never been to a library and saw a book, magazine, movie, song that was offensive to me or my family.
in this story the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
remember though to not stay on too long.
the books, movies, and other materials should be marked saying that they be found offensive.
the place was crowded.
the setting affected the cyclist in several ways.
you quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her.
how could they say that they knew what was best for their people?
talk to your relatives from and you can shopping without the waiting in line.
possibly on the other side of the page, you will see an ad for cigarettes.
for some, the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible.
i like fiction stories then nonfiction.
for one the helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them.
also, once the author had got into the hills he had lost a lot of his energy so peddling up his was a lot of work.
first of all just learning how to use the computer is a skill you need in life.
music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing.
off people exercising out with time in the computer which is unbelievable and terrible.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist is that on his way he had to deal with so many things.
this time the cyclist says yes, sir!
if we gave people the right to decide what was held in libraries.
some students showed gymnastic exercises.
because the have a person there looking for they have the computer to look on.
a kid should not be able to get his hands on that kind of stuff in a public library.
dear , minute man, people are complaining.
there also useful for work most people use computers for work.
a majority of people would say yes.
i believe that even if books, music, movies or magazines on the bookshelves are offense, they should still be left there.
what have we do to people?
the fantastic thing about computers are that we can learn about far away places without having to leave the comfort of our home.
the environment and risk of death gave him the determination he needed to push forward.
our country based on a freedom of press and speech, to deny that to deny our livelihood as a country.
for example, instead of sitting on the computer much, go outside and play soccer, kickball and more.
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways throughout the writing.
when he does find a town, with water, the setting to relieving and better for him because he find water.
i understand that some books be offensive to some people, but do not read it if you take it to offense.
the society will have great effect on with is aloud to be seen or heard by those that live in the society.
i believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people.
most people try not to be overweight.
these ideas and knowledge are too important to let censorship take away.
things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them.
i strongly disagree with this.
i do not question whether children and teens should read, but rather what they read.
but for them there is no learning, just accepting.
any music store you walk into, you can find bands that bash the ideas of religion, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditating music.
before every game our coach would motivate us by giving us a speech to get us pumped up with profanity in it.
he ends up getting lost.
the long, big hills that he had to go up and made him more thirsty, but probably more satisfied when it was all over.
even though the setting got worse through the story & stuck it out & made it to the end.
then we can write a novel, newspaper article, or even make a website about your topic.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity & friendship.
also, since the cyclist had no water he was becoming dehydrated.
so i strongly you to vote being a negative effect.
music can talk you in to killing yourself drive you crazy, hurt your soul when hear what someone else has been throw.
what about a doctor, you would want to know how many years of college and med school are required to get your medical degree.
her friends and family, refugees came to her house all the time.
i think that parents need to tell their children why they do not want them to read a book.
he is riding through this deserted and beaten up town that makes him feel weird.
i do not think they should have any completely inaccessible areas in libraries for children of younger ages.
everyone goes on the computer.
not only that, but they also have exercise plans.
to me music is something more to express your feelings.
the features of the setting made the cyclists ride longer and harder than he expected.
the towns the cyclist ran into were abandon or ghost town.
however for those who would find this beneficial do we want to simply go against our and deprive them of that information?
if all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers.
buy things without having to go to the store.
smoking can lead to cancer or death.
you just have to find a way that benefits you most.
these technological devices have enabled to us to get our work done in a timely matter to receive the grade that we deserve.
nobody should believe that we have the choice to take books off the shelves of a library.
the features of the setting would have affected the cyclist a lot.
the best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it is not directed towards you.
if one person thinks an art piece looks unique, another not see any true beauty.
people that want to say something about what the language is like in the book should not have checked it out.
of have a computer at home.
school could be a lot more difficult without a website.
that is why i think the author tried to create a sense of wonder with the final paragraph.
they also gave educational games.
almost everyone has a movie they would like to see, or a book they would like to read.
when people go on the computers they forget all about things they do.
we are not accountable for what other people do.
everyone can be offended by something, so if everything was removed that was found to be offensive to someone there would be nothing left.
the mood of this memoir is love and staying a family.
my reasons are first people like certain books and should be able to get what ever they want.
as evident in the provided text this man was effected by each feature of the setting.
lastly, the feeling of hoped could have effected him the most.
if he were not lost and if it were cool outside he would have water and he would not be so upset.
they fine begging easier and more profitable.
this egg later develops into a small creature like a worm with legs.
we barely understand what some of the books, music, movies, and magazines are talking about so just try to picture all that being taken away.
racism happens in books all the time.
internet websites can gives you pictures uploads almost every week.
instead of banning the books or complaining about it them, people could try a rating system for books.
the author is very grateful to his parents for all that they have sacrificed for him.
the internet can do all of those things.
different crowds of people have different interests that offend others.
i presume that books are better resources, people can find fun in other ways and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems.
we have a brain inside the head which controls all the other organs of the body.
the experience is not the same.
parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of .
computers inspire people to learn and see different places and lead them to something important one day.
those are my three reasons.
however, i feel that more often they negatively impact the general public.
also, not the miles into the next section of the ride, he noticed a terrain change.
every person should be allowed to produce their reflection of their believes or ideas.
even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do
the author did a great job at creating those two moods and putting them into his memoir.
people are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer.
the next thing that computers restrict us in is our ability to experience nature.
those movies have been put on the highest of best film lists.
now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise.
if someone was on the computer too long instead of doing their homework that could effect their grades a lot.
firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home.
this means that we as individuals should be able to decide what we want to read and what we do not.
this caused him to sweat badly and get very dehydrated.
they also need adult combinations to preview the movie.
i would say we keep it, our kids need to know our culture that way they can survive in it.
i also understand that rap music can be realistic in ways too.
lastly, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people from all around the world.
this creates the mood of hope because his family knew that other people would do the same for them.
it was my eighth birthday.
ever since the , computers have been used as an ad for new information.
because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people.
if certain offensive things were taken off of the shelves of libraries such as music, books etc.
dear , you know that computers can prevent you from doing a lot of things?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a negative way.
a few include research, communication, and to have fun.
should there be censorship in libraries?
family is very important to most families now a days.
i think that parents should be alert to offensive materials in the shelves, and should say something about it so they banned them.
without this, we would have no communication with him.
they enjoy the clown’s antics and his remarks about the other actors.
my two favorite books are a to , and the .
maybe she wants to see what lays ahead.
if you were to start censoring books in libraries it could cause some problems.
i believe it should be handled well mannered and it should be moved, to a not so easy reach to a five year old.
censoring what is available at the library would make finding books harder for other people.
more important things should be done during this time like studying or doing homework.
library censorship is a pointless act due to the information provided on the internet.
one person thinks is bad, another not.
the libraries that are offering these magazines for rental should restrict children from reading them due to the lack of modesty and morals found in these magazines.
seeing this just crushes his spirit.
do you really want people to lose their friends?
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people.
also, as the terrain became hillier, his journey became even harder.
in fact, i have never seen a child in the adult section of a library.
i can stand idle no longer.
if you were to write a book and somebody says you cant put a certain word.
education is very important even for adults and children.
these themes are reinforced in the last few sentences when the author ends speaking about his gracious neighborhood and how he learned to love.
the hibiscus has given her the will to survive and she knows she can adapt to life in .
first off, i like to think of banning books or anything else from the author or writers view.
i would just research online or go to another library where i know they will meet my needs.
however much some dislike the thought of this much freedom, we cannot ban works purely based on the discretion of some.
these children need to be taught that there is other ways to do things.
there is one, count that, one situation where i feel censorship is necessary.
computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem.
i hope that you can see it my way, and help me in fixing this issue once and for all.
the author also ends with this paragraph because when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
dear newspaper editor, computers have been a great advancement in technology, but some people think otherwise.
just going to a family house, you can be interacting.
when he begins to run out of water, the terrain becomes bumpier and harder.
after that, the adults can choose whether or not their children should watch them.
they will not have their own views, and will be largely ignorant to the world around them.
besides searching for information, computers can be used to document data of your own.
i'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe.
stories, novels, magazines, or books on tape of any type find their way onto our library shelves, it is then our job to discover them.
finally, computers is kind of like one .
some kids in school are on the internet all day talking to friends who live down the street.
we get milk in dehydrated powder from also.
kids theses days can be mean with out try.
second, we can learn about faraway places.
dear editor, i think that people are spending too much time on the computer.
nothing ask yourself that.
that probably gave the cyclist no hope for surviving of finding anyone to help him reach his destination.
finally a computer allows us to learn different cultures around the world.
computers in total do not have a bad impact on people.
this shows how the author is in a good mood and happy to be there.
i do that all the time and i like it.
a library should never be intended for a certain group of readers.
websites that are selling stolen merchandise.
our state does put in each year for our parks just so we can ignore them.
there are so many possibilities in exercising people do not use their computer as much.
you both get to choose what books you read, what movies you watch, and what music you listen to.
if this type of movie is not , then i know that some of this stuff on the screen happen in real life.
with having lack of water with such distance to go the cyclist stuck pebbles in his mouth hoping to forget about his thirst.
voting is used in our society today and has been very effective for many years now.
much of this material be considered offensive to certain people.
with out inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place.
finally, i have explained to you why having a computer is a good thing.
the heat made his dehydration situation much worse.
no one is forcing you to read the material.
this shows that just as the winter hibiscus is along winter, and then blooms in the spring, she must be strong during these hard times.
but remember not to stay on too long!
those materials are not appropriate for the youth of our country, and they should not have access to them.
there are many views that one can have on a single topic, book, or idea.
instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and .
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
well his mission was accomplished.
now he way pounds and he is only .
you can also make graphs on the computer.
when the old men told him to take a difficult path and did his in tire setting changed for the worst.
computers have varies websites such as and which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework.
to me, that sentence was all about making people feel comfortable and at home.
every book should be on a book shelf in a public library.
it is a bright object in the sky.
before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for.
both the mother and the daughter appreciate the flower they found because it is similar to what they had back home.
a use for computer that is also use full is hand eye coordination.
he takes his own time in taking bath and getting ready.
the third reason is for help.
they should make a policy to allow older kids to check them out.
i understand the fact that some people take things offensively.
in some cases reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to some people should be known to the world.
i will try to give details on why it does not or if it has to be taken off the shelf.
as you can see, computers have a lot of great uses.
there should be equal rights all over, yes even in libraries.
just being inside just make you kinda gang weight.
milch cows have shown better yield of milk due to music i like michael jackson the most.
instead you can look up the facts you need online.
i conclude that these features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways but he keep pushing himself to more on.
people under should also be restrained from looking through these materials.
of the most popular website for watching videos on you tube.
any way a computer is used has the potential to have a positive effect on someone.
all of those things make work easier.
are some books, music, movies, and magazines out that are offensive.
my friend, , found disturbing to look at some pictures because showed blood.
the warmth of the desert had an affect on the cyclist and caused him to be fatigue.
the cyclist had very little water and had to conserve it in order too stay active and have energy.
but, it does happen.
could you live a day without a computer?
does that seem right to you?
the butterfly starts it’s life in an egg.
the use of computers has allowed me to stay in contact with distant friends and relatives.
in conclusion, eliminating books is not a good idea because of how beneficial they are to us all, especially children.
they need to learn about them first not by just looking on the computer.
there are many games and other types of games out on the internet.
computers will bring nothing but grief to humanity.
in the future we are going to see more and more computers.
what are parents going to do when their go to school and hear other talk about subjects such as sex?
please heed my advice and use the internet and computer.
censoring or removing materials from libraries remains a hot topic today.
not everyone is offended by the same material.
dear editor, i have recently seen on the channel news that you want to know about the.
so thanks for letting me help you with your decision.
hearing them say that they have boyfriends and girlfriends, and how they know bad words just at the age of !
he tried hard and pushed himself and success was made.
also if your to busy to go to collage or want to take another class there are even schools online.
i think it should be the libraries choice to either put the book on the shelf or to take it down.
seeing politics and daily news to the weather.
the only place you can find a giraffe is if you go on the computer and search a giraffe.
it can help people drives it decreases reaction time and it can help people write more neatly.
when trying to get rid of books just think about the people you are taking them away from
last, the material can influence other kids to disrespect that race and not like people of that race.
not quite an optimistic one is he?
many people play these because; people can friends.
here she is accepting the changes and giving her new home another chance.
i do not think that things should be sheltered from libraries because sometimes it can get a point across to some people.
the features of the setting in, rough road ahead negatively affect the cyclist.
she failed the test the first time, but getting the plant and seeing the birds motivated her to try again.
the computer is a greet way to meet new people that share the same characteristics as you!!
who knows we might have to vote on it someday
well you could by chatting with them on the computer.
you could send emails to your cousin half way across the world.
although, our entertainment today is much different then it was back then and will be much different than it will be in the future.
people have to learn to just limit their time.
i myself as a take offense to some of these magazines, promoting being perfect and having the life sucked out of you as you read each passage.
this is an example of how badly the terrain had effected him.
if schools are allowed to continue censoring books, then this could lead to a downward spiral of all being censored.
all people have freedom of speech in the and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right.
nor a car, person or building in sight.
thank you for your time.
this vary for it depends on age, and the way the reader will understand the content of the books.
also he ran out of water and there was nothing but desert and poisonous snakes around.
it helps their reading skills but the content in the book is not suitable for them.
you can discuss things like weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days.
when i was little, my parents use to tell to go to the library and learn something.
that is just a few way that setting could harm you.
you will finally be able to look up a place you want to go.
i like my school very much and i am proud that i belong to it.
he is making the ride seem like a lot of short rides so he could make it.
a computer is a great thing to have for all these things.
was very grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
those are the affects the features of the setting had on the cyclist.
if someone wanted to read a book on the , then that person should be able to go to a library and check the book out.
without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done.
this advancement in technology has made the century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society.
another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones.
computers can be negative thing or positive.
the mood created by the author is the mood of appreciation for his house and parents.
i will give attention to discipline.
our learning, our beliefs, and our freedom of speech are too important to just give up to censorship.
its pretty much a desert.
another reasons why its good is that you can talk to your friends from the computer.
a walk in a big park or on the bank of a stream is even more refreshing.
when he realizes his solitude when he is in a state of almost dehydration, he despairs.
there are all kinds of different people in the world.
not one person is the same so not everybody will take offense to the same thing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
they can help find long lost friend and keep in contact with them.
many people spend their life on their computer instead of exercising, going out with friends, or spending time with family.
dear , i am writing to express my opinion on computers benefit to society.
too much time on the computer limits the amount of exercise you get everyday.
your hands are a big thing in like and they are helpful in a lot of ways.
all offensive items a library have stored should stay in that very spot, for learning purposes.
last but not least, i am against keeping computers around because people are spending too much time on the computers and less time exercising.
censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though.
most of all, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.
thank for your time.
first, allows students to easily get good grades on projects and reports.
you can not change the way another person is thinking or feeling.
instead of watching the games or the scores they should get out and play the game.
when the cyclist tries to get water from the pump, she describes the water as very hot and not cooling down at all.
the setting affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
when he finally reached the store he was excited and relived.
computers maybe useful but they are over used.
new newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature.
he came up to places that were worn down and deserted, so he knew he was alone if anything happened.
computers have given us to many part to learn.
you have all these things you condo.
the mood of the memoir is love.
it is a good way for people to get to know you.
sometimes the internet could have more information than a certain book you would look into.
she is also implying that she is going to change her attitude about living in .
nobody is forcing people to pick up a book or magazine that is going to offend them.
the passengers rushed to board the train.
he prepares his lessons.
the computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool.
help our world by teaching about faraway places and their cultures, uniting our world with new techniques of talking and helping workers to have a better job.
some of those books people are taking off the shelves could be the book someone can use to relate to or even learn from.
government service, according to me, is meant for the mediocre.
i believe computers are a benefit to society.
yet we still want to read, listen, watch, and look at them.
remove no books from a shelf, and let the outcome draw in whoever is interested in whatever they be interested in.
if you have no hills and it is a sunny breezy day it makes it nice to ride.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but there really is nothing anyone can do if someone is offended.
some people want all censorship items out of public areas.
secondly, libraries need to be extremely cautious about what music is made available to the public.
his work is full of difficulties.
i looked out through the window.
music has been around almost as long as mankind has been around.
which is obviously the mood of loving, because there all a loving family together.
the time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day.
and finally, many people have found their careers through the internet.
as i see it no one is forcing them to read it.
being off the computer feels better and is better.
for example you can practice typing up essays and other work projects.
for example everyday i walk the halls i over hear students talking about happen of the computer .
i think that we should not even censor the content because i feel like that is making people wanting to know why they censored it in the first place.
first, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things.
until, finally, he reaches a modern area and drinks from the sink in the bathroom.
i myself when i am a parent are going to censor my children away from what i seem unfit for their age whatever it be.
this is just one many reasons why computers have a positive effect on people.
everybody today is worried about what everyone else is doing.
what are they to do?
i think they should overlook it.
another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble.
some students rush down the stairs pushing each other to reach the canteen first.
i remember when i read about warming on the computer.
without computers everything would be so much harder.
i have a computer, but i can only go on if after i finish my homework.
some books are racist; of and for example has some racist and sexist comments and remarks.
or should we let them understand how it really works
with book, you can also like never before.
before he knew it, he was in debt.
the effect on him was the main conflict of the essay.
taking out the pieces in the library, will be useless in the long run.
whether people like the concept or not, computers will be necessity to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc on the world in time.
i believe the author ended the story with that paragraph to create a sense of wonder.
all through life people are urged to think outside of the box.
people who think that the books in libraries should be censored, are fools.
my grandfather has great knowledge about history.
certainly, people can learn about far away places on the computer.
the issue is people was to much time on computer.
as my mother had said i remembered everything.
and you want to talk to your friends.
this can cause many problems between communication throughout the family making the family weaken.
the setting had a huge affected on the author.
the tumble weeds gave you no hope of getting any where and the snakes and vultures just eating you after you died.
we have different varieties of rose and orchids in our garden.
then, the item will be shipped to your door.
first of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising.
therefore i say the mood of the author in this memoir is happy, grateful.
but if people got off the computers and traveled and enjoyed nature, they would be able to live it, not just see a picture.
not two miles into the next section.
some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society.
even when chatting with friends online, the conversation is disjointed because attention is probably focused on another part of the internet.
next, you can find information about everyday life.
at the same time i believe there are ways to limit the times where people would be offended by something.
everyone has their own opinion about certain things in life.
if you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can?
due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient temples.
the public i feel makes a big deal out of nothing.
the computer has games, internet, and ways to talk to people that get then attached.
if they started taking them off our shelves and off the big screens, people would lose jobs.
if it makes you uncomfortable, put the book, or article down.
so if you feel like this is a good idea contact your local library and tell them you are in favor of the , ' .'
yet again, our next and final issue.
they can talk, send pictures, or play games.
in spite of being rich, he is not arrogant.
since they all can be found, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
how is our country supposed to be clean if people want even turn off the computer the hour a day and see the world?
mostly good things by the way.
you how useful a computer can do.
now multiply that number by itself for all the people they know and multiply it again and so forth.
but let someone express who they are through their likes and dislikes.
or if you talk to your friends online so can ask them a question on homework or whats the homework?
computers occupy so much valuable time that could be used for other, more important matters.
another thing i would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing.
i disagree with that opinion.
he even put rocks in his mouth to help his dehydration.
but not traveling by an over crowded bus.
people should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day.
of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics.
i would get so mad, i would put the book down and walk away.
the creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audience to enjoy it to.
the answer is computers.
but, where in the process do parents have control of what exactly they want their children to access.
the author concludes with this paragraph because the hibiscus brings her comfort from home and confidence.
computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do.
oftentimes, once he comes to power, he is not the most popular of governmental forms.
it could have some things in it that people could find offensive.
they give out oxygen and make the earth clean and cool.
the cyclist became dehydrated and was running out of water, the only water he
computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and purposed of you child.
for example, i like to listen to hard rock, heavy metal, and rap.
but, there begs the question if certain materials should be excluded if they deemed to be offensive.
in the story it said drop from heatstroke.
i miss my family over at .
things such as horror movies, porn, and many more.
people are going to be mad whether they are there or not.
also as the terrain changes from flat road to short, rolling hills the cyclist must change his speed to better survive and continue in his dehydrated state.
as you can see everyone is different especially when it comes to these things.
if there is a bad picture or anything in it they took it off.
however, some people can take what the says to be offensive in regards to homosexuals and divorces.
in the story the cyclist is riding a bike for miles.
the students have to pay for the food and stay in the hostel.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy, delightful, unique.
should books, magazines, movies, and music be put in higher reaches of children, or should they be left in plain sight?
at that time the class teacher of my class came out of the principal’s room.
schools should use computers because its the best way to get the information that you need to do something.
you could also play outside and shoot hoops or ride your bike.
dear readers, if i told you that every time you sit in front of a computer, you are that much closer to death?
well its true and computers are a great source .
dear , of is all about computers.
and you can see them.
it protects young readers from being exposed to hateful things at such a young age.
not all of them think that way though.
without variety, how is that possible?
people would rather sit at a computer for hours doing wonders of our world.
some parents let their kids get away with too much.
the geese being familiar to her symbolizes that she is adjusting to her new lifestyle.
some books, magazines, and movies contain cold hard facts about the past years of our world and are too vile for anyone.
the material they choose to read is their own choice.
the reason for this is so she will have time to adjust.
really the band talking about one mans life and how he turns his life from being a drug addict to having the best life someone could ever live.
in the stories these settings have a great effect on the cyclist.
everything is offensive to someone.
history has given the world many a cruel dictator.
thank you for taking your time to ready what i really think about removing articles from libraries
he was losing water.
also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country.
these excerpts really convey the of nostalgia, warmth, and thankfulness to the reader.
there are books, movies, magazines, and computers that anyone that want to get on can do so.
your are many things done and said in this world today that people take offense to.
first you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard.
i was wearing three pullovers, but was still shivering with cold.
internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination.
schools have the right to censor what is put in their libraries for their students to read, especially magazines.
the world of music has evolved so much over the past decades of time.
there are also tailors sitting cross – legend
the features of the setting intensely effect the cyclist over period of time.
another great thing about computers is that whenever people need information or details on any place or things have can count on the internet to help them out.
computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise.
having some downtime can really help someone to be a healthier and happier person!
the computer is just a great way to get information with out every having to leave your home.
this shows his determination that he feels he can go on such a long journey.
they supermarket for you.
another thing about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way in a different city, town, state, or even content!
lastly they can be extremely dangerous to children.
children do need to be experiencing, learning about, or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries.
i have my own state of mind and so do you.
these days the computer is the latest hit.
they will have to work harder to satisfy the difficulties that you seem to be having with the library.
he also puts on a strange-looking cap.
there are no loud or emphasized parts.
this effected my life a lot, i stopped going out on weekends with my friends, i always wanted to stay home when my family wont out.
please consider the following that computers have a negative effect on people.
families that are separated because one have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can.
my last reason on why computers are good is because of studying, one thing that always happens is i leave my textbook home.
no matter how gruesome or vile of a description a book can give, it still does not compare with the visual picture of a video.
i looked up information on the internet instead of using a book just to learn that the facts were actually highly in accurate .
i am not here to say that we should band any materials that are offensives because everything is offensive to somebody.
in just hour i visited right from my very own house!
the computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases.
sometimes these things should not be on the shelves.
we need books for many things from learning to simply use up time.
this shows the author is grateful and happy.
they were accorded a warm welcome.
libraries could even have a restricted section that warns readers about the content of material in the books in that specific area.
sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research!
you can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and.
lastly, the setting had no places that could have helped the cyclist.
yes some movies have foul language but people still enjoy it.
those are what i think the moods are created by the author.
the cyclist soon becomes exhausted from lack of water and having to cross the now hilly terrain.
that is how he or she expresses themselves through their writing!
and you give them permission by clicking that continue with install button.
these books that we leave behind influence the future of our society.
for example, most teenage girls love to read young romance stories, and about young peoples' lives; people like informational books.
but other people want to read this book.
for example , , and yahoo.
and computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people.
if all libraries were censored it could potentially lead to several complications with workers, students, or people who are just looking for a good book to read
soon the fire brigade arrived.
people learn through playing new things and why not play with your favorite characters.
two, the computer can help you communicate with your family too for instance.
but this all changes when he hit those horrible hills.
computers do not help you brain in any means possible.
i am one of those people.
the world is an opinionated place, if it were not we would have nothing.
the mood that takes place in this article would be sorrow, excitement, and being grateful for the parents he had.
the author is very grateful as he admires his parents faith that has traveled so far over time.
one of my fathers friends had everything on his computer.
i agree on spending less time on the computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
when working out, at work, driving, or just siting at home.
i disagree with that.
through social networks, such as and , we can make plans with friends.
over all there will be , cursing and smut novels out there.
i have to watch that with my sister all the time because if not, then they will yell at you.
you can lose your real friends.
if people found a book or any type of material in the library and found it offensive, then they should take it off the shelf.
certain books, music, movies, and magazines are not always as bad as what some people think.
they both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc.
it takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to.
he was determined to make it to the next town.
with a computer you can also learn about places all over the and the world.
it ruins your marriage if you are married.
from school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there.
no one likes boring people, and how can you be boring with such a wide imagination?
not everything is decided by me.
the mood was a good feeling.
censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world.
it is totally unnecessary for children to be reading such explicit material, but it is possible for us to prevent it.
take abortion into perspective.
there are a lot of examples that make me think that.
he began to feel discouraged when he passed the grape juice factory and he seriously believed this was the end for him.
morning walk gives me health and happiness.
a lot of jobs today require you to use a computer, for example working at a bank you use computers all day!
memories of her grandmother make her sad but in away make her happy.
know you know that i think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day.
in my house all people in my family has a computer but of the computers are used once a week.
what kind of civilization was ?
like i said before if libraries take away offensive material book, its like taking away a good book from a reader.
then he cycled along the desert which was very hot.
do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?
that way she will feel comfort and be able to take the test and pass, because it will remind her of being home.
this story is giving thanks to his parents and his culture.
i though it was ridiculous because it was only a movie, and it was harmless.
kids would read anything now because of those kind of things.
you must go out and enjoy nature.
some people that this is and leads to , but anyone who has basic knowledge knows not to information.
i can easily just sit up in my room and be on the computer all the time.
you can get in contact with people, if you have a question you can look it up and you can do your job on a computer.
taking something away just because you think it is offensive, is like taking a little part of some one away.
maybe, but all depends on who you are and angers you.
for example, some are still upset over slavery, and that happened over a .
going on the computer can have a negative effect on you!
where you and your family would be to many dangers.
would you want them to come into your business and start complaining and then you are forced to get rid of that item because of them.
also computers helped us in the recent election, and will continue do so for a long time.
of course sharing is better then wasting your money on something when someone has the book that you know and would let you barrow .
i agree with the censorship in libraries today.
there for they cannot blame the place the material was at.
whichever way you look at it, censorship is censorship, and censorship is wrong
this is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free.
it is necessary to solve the problem of overpopulation.
did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself?
when the scenery is pretty and cheery, he is happy as well.
movies in the library are for teachers to show students.
books are separated by age too, so a young child will be getting books from the children section so those books are for children and should be appropriate.
this helps us increase our hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, the letters on the keyboard, and push them.
they can also help people get a better education.
we should always give respect to our elders and teachers.
because he is in the desert on a long bike ride, he is dehydrated.
this story is about how parents created a home.
these books and magazines and movies only help us become stronger people.
now a days their are a lot more shier people who are scared to people and be friend.
censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone for that matter
they save work on their and they use computers to build things.
another thing that would back this up is when he talks about writing in his diary about the old men who gives him these direction.
also you can use excel to manage your finances!
thirdly they allow people to communicate, so go ahead, take it away, but see what happens when you do.
can we live without the computer?
i just put an example out there of what i have seen.
in every way, the plant is in the same circumstances as main character and the last paragraph is used to link them.
this problem can be easily fixed with removing that issue.
libraries will contain safe books for all ages, while bookstores can have the pleasure of having offensive material on their shelves.
so should these materials that open up doors to new minds sets, and feelings such as books, music, magazines, and movies be censored?
the time has come to decide.
music is a form a expression and everyone has their own taste.
some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views, opinions, and morals.
when she left her home, she did not just leave a building behind.
so i think that it is a wast of paper.
teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit!
all you need is a computer.
teachers in schools do their best to make sure the material that children and young adults read and see in school is appropriate for their certain age group.
secondly computers make time enjoying nature.
you can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information.
advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible decades .
all books and other arts were created to be read and enjoyed by people.
the cyclist was in a dry, desert area where tumble weeds were more common than people.
the offensive materials are out there to be pick up by some people including children.
ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society.
the business side should be more then enough, for me to convince you.
each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner.
the type of setting that he faces are steep hills, speed limits that he cant exceed, dry hot temperature, and he has no water.
the mood of the author in this memoir was happy, grateful, and gratitude.
in the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material.
but how many of us really observe discipline.
it has books on all subjects.
music is a way for someone to release their soul.
so, if they have not bothered people that bad yet then there is no reason for people to not like it now.
is it something that creates negative attention?
he would be able to see it, grab it, and himself up quicker than before.
well the answer is no!
the mood the created was a mood of happiness and gratitude.
since libraries have many different kinds of magazines, books, and movies, it is not always a safe place to just let your child roam around.
people should be able to do what they enjoy and not have that taken from them.
if kids go outside and play with their friends they will have more fun.
computers allow people video chat and talk online.
it teaches, at least it taught me, that if you can dream something then you can do it.
those was some affects the cyclist had to over come
censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not exactly looking for or interested in.
if they have life problems then they seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet.
your not the only person that thinks that way.
i think that there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer.
the author created this mood by telling the reader how grateful she was to her parents for their love and sacrifice.
science also benefits from computers.
certain materials that are found in libraries are sometimes not age appropriate or even offensive to other people.
because not all people have the same interests.
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel.
offensive materials should not be removed from shelves.
he talks about how great it was growing up in his home.
perhaps the sea west effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family anymore.
since then problem has grown to a point that we will never be able to control.
allowing this to occur is allowing the library to be used as in the way it was meant to be used for, a resource for knowledge.
these are all the reasons that computers have a bad impact on the society.
that is that great thing about technology.
she is doing the test again when the starts over so she can do.
they are too young to hear or read about adult actions such as: war, violence, sex, drugs, and all sorts of other things.
they can always be a positive affect on people when they need something.
the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road i would conserve my water and go inward for an hour or so.
you would want your seven year old child seeing inappropriate or offensive material, right.
this quote creates a calm loving mood because it explains that the author enjoyed his childhood, and loved if family who loved him back.
in conclusion social abilities are up with computers.
this quote and this part of the quote has a touching effect to the reader.
when you have sex you have to make sure you are safe.
at some works, the work consists of emailing other work members about the problems they are having, and about meetings.
computers has a negative effect on people.
so books are usually very hard to offend people, because most people can usually tell right away if they like the book or not.
this evidence from the text proves to the reader that the cyclist was getting worried.
after she got home it was over with and again she accepts the change.
these views are based on what most people of a time frame believed.
so then i decided the next time i have a project to do it on the internet.
hopefully others will agree with me too.
computers even help people in school for people like me who broke there arm and have to take some test on the computer.
by ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences.
although communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should make plans with their family and friends.
all the precious articles in the almirahs were also safe.
there are many books out there that might not be good for children to read, but it might help them make better choices in real life.
people should be allowed to read the material and topics they enjoy to read.
it not have been perfect but he managed to find the good parts.
an example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places.
during those times, people did call by explicit names, even those who were in no way prejudice.
now, they choose to surf the web instead.
just because an article, or book is offensive to you, does not mean it is offensive to other people.
because, in my experience i do not think people should complain.
there is an adult section for adults not children, people need to realize that.
with all the facts i have given you i hope you agree with me that computers are very helpful nice and safe.
and with out them knowing their book contained it and they read it, they would be greatly offended and very upset.
she was bright but shy, and used books as her friends.
the conditions of the setting of the setting the cyclist was in became a disadvantage for him.
a computer is a great resource for the public.
people of different religions can sometimes find the print of bibles over there religious books offensive and there is always great controversy about it.
i realized i have been wasting a lot of my math homework time lately with those online distracting game.
ten this essay, old men give the cyclist direction, and instead of using a map, he takes their advice.
the computer lets me see nature, talk to friends and family, and lets me see things, like videos, that twill never ever see in books.
racism, abortion, abuse, unwinding your children, what ever the case be, some people will support and some will not.
she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home.
while his music be offensive, their are still many people that enjoy it.
in ancient times people believed
dear local news paper i think the computers benefits society.
people stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons.
if someone gets in a fight on the internet that can cause them so much pain to not even talk.
that number has risen to out of , as of .
the heat and lack of water supply made the boy dehydrated.
this can work to people away from screens and the course.
this providing stories for all, and protecting small children from magazines such as .
they should only be aloud to put stuff on the shelves.
exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit.
then, i went back to print it, it had been erased.
we should be aware to prevent another event like that from happening.
also hes running out of water and becoming dehydrated.
books can make a very deep impression on whoever reads them, and sometimes these impressions are not appropriate for the reader.
why would you move from the shelves, if they are going to know about it some how?
advances in computer technology are beneficial to society for several reasons.
i could be an older man or women trying to get a hold of you so they can probably kidnap you.
he is grateful that his parents give up everything that they had just to give him a better life.
on search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more.
adults use them too.
it was amazing that through all this, the cyclist was able to reach a small fishing camp where he is quickly replenished.
if you have a close friend who moved across the country, then these ways to communicate would be very helpful to you!
until she start losing her her job.
defeating these monsters and such really helps you in sports.
shows that of people talk to other people over those websites.
think about that one.
there has always been a sense of subliminal messaging throughout the development and evolution in the cinematic world of movies.
, in and a student could find more information on a specific country than they could with a book.
the applications that i mostly use are , , and .
finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them.
a few months ago i was at the local library searching for the perfect book.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for several significant reasons.
if a library takes certain books off of their shelves, then they could be taking away a type of literature that people are interested in.
by sending a letter it can take a while.
the authors mood did change with the setting and before it got better it was worse.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
students such as myself are inferior to being popular or noticed, so they feel the need to do things to become noticed.
computers are beneficial to everyone worldwide.
that is my only ambition.
since the public library is indeed public, the materials it offers to people should not be offensive.
also, the internet is helpful for work.
is it quiet, peace, or calm?
that is why i think those books should be taken out of all libraries
are assistants, porters, ticket checkers and signalmen to help him.
sets such an ecstatic mood, that the reader wants to be there, at his home.
she said shell retake her driving test when her plant buds and is brave, so she will do the same.
the features in the setting, such as the ghost town desert, and the juice factory, give the cyclist a sense of hopelessness.
if a book can be published then it can be put in libraries.
this quote shows that the author can only give thanks to his loving parents who did everything to insure a great life.
if we started removing books, movies etc.
what if did not invent the telephone?
do you want to be unhealthy in life if not go outside and take a walk.
and when they got here they had to start fresh and take any jobs they could find.
children under thirteen years of age should not have the option to check out that music.
people are simple, love each other and enjoy life like one big family.
the cyclist said he had to ride over one long, crippling hill.
hills took a lot out of him and he was now on a highway.
those are my reasons on why it should not matter weather we have those types of materials in the library
but people need to get out more.
these are well furnished.
people do not like policemen because they think that all policemen are corrupt and dishonest.
whats the harm in it anyway
they had many friends and were thankful.
as he is riding, he comes across some hills.
i was one of the worst book that i have ever seen, we left the library and never came back.
when books, music, movies, and magazines are censored, the freedom of speech that the author had is being diminished.
this affected him because he was already dehydrated and climbing hills made him have to work more which caused him to lose more sweat and become even more dehydrated.
there is also a great rush of passengers at the inquire office.
but, some times it is used in the wrong way, .
the younger children of our time right now need to be influenced the proper way.
the book are put there for a reason and not just to be walked past.
secondly, computers are a big part of many peoples lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as school.
computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can.
he then came upon that has do and abandoned.
there is and like i said before you can even chat on social networking sites.
although certain materials are not meant for children to see, adults find it enjoyable and interesting.
should we put a censorship on the libraries really?
this is awesome because you can text, video chat, email free.
the rocky road and steep hills made him peddle harder.
the geese in this paragraph represent the keeping of time.
computers helps the locate most wanted criminals.
since the whole story portrays this mood, i will tell you some reasons why.
i suppose that is why i am so involved in this issue and the reason for this informative article.
the world is not perfect, and it is never going to be perfect.
if they get bad grades they could fail the marking period and stay back.
this statement also shows that you should never give up on anything that you do.
after lunch, we bid them goodbye and returned home.
libraries need money so that they can buy new materials and without customers they have no money which enables them unable to buy new materials.
due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch.
also some of the information might not even be true.
we also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his mood change.
some people use the computer to make music.
she is missing home when she sees a hibiscus in a flower shop.
our kids do not need to be learning about these sorts of things.
they are also helpful because they solve problem that humans might have trouble with.
so if you want to read a book with no censorship or if you want censorship then you can.
he has many instruments for his work.
i mean you can read about history, world news and you can research many different topics.
they provide a lot of information.
when the cyclist realized the terrain was becoming difficulty he become more ignorant and hopeless.
and the positive effect of a computer is it allows you to keep in contact online with friends and family instant messaging and email.
about of all picture on the internet are true.
some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy.
this is my last reason.
in conclusion, many of the libraries around are going to have the kind of books that offend some people.
books console us in our sorrows.
it should be up to the parent to decide which books there child should read, which magazines they should buy, and which television programs they should watch.
i think it should be that way about every thing.
this would be bad for all children.
it can come from the parents, their friends, teachers anybody.
an ideal student should have many qualities.
another reason we benefit from having computers, is we learn about far away places.
parents have to make sure that nothing horrific happens such seeing something that a toddler or a teenager is not supposed to see.
you can play a game for hours and not notice how much time has passed by.
do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone!
the books that were found offensive should not be read at all.
wait, i know that book!
since the time children are in grade school, they learn typing on a keyboard.
this memoir shows how he is poor, but still can have a fun and interesting life with lots of friends and fond memories.
the operator should have the will power to know when enough is enough and lay down the and set limits!.
people in can talk with people in .
i wanted to go near them.
maybe you have used the computer to type information for your newspaper.
we should be grateful for friendships.
the bad road and speed limit sigh effect the cyclist.
every time i walk the room my computer is hooked, i grab the pull up right and do .
at a campground in , the setting is calming and relaxing.
nothing should be blocked from the public.
i found an example to show that he was thirsty.
she wants to wait when the hibiscus is budding.
you can search all kinds of people like the presidents of the , celebrities, and people that made a change in the world.
dear local newspaper, have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer?
therefore history is taught in schools so that the bad events that occurred in history can be prevented.
if the libraries removed everything that could offend someone, they would have no materials left.
there it is with the date exactly.
people are reading articles, and book and believing every bit of what they read or write or even hear on their radio in recent times.
but as second road sign appeared he was relieved.
many books are banned that address great problems of society.
other people work online.
this shows that many children are on a computer too much.
it is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away.
books, movies or music about bullying should be taken out of.
memories are being stolen by the awful device that computer.
libraries should not be required to remove books from their shelves.
he was doubting that he could make it alive.
loves and appreciates what her family did for her.
so how can people still think computers are good?
you would get your way.
they are an important link between the government and the people.
when a book is inappropriate for the reader, then it should not be on the shelves of the library.
she concludes the story by writing when they come back [the geese] then i will take that test ).
in conclusion, being dehydrated, tired and getting lost were the features of the setting affect the cyclist had.
although not always real, it touches people on an emotional level.
when the terrain changes, he is a little discouraged.
my name is and my views on censorship in libraries are that if any material that are found offensive should be take off the shelves.
as you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people.
she was so use to plants being free and growing rather than seeing them in pots and not having the room to grow.
secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework.
that have been proven.
our whole world senses is.
my sister, , got her first job by going on the museums website and applying right there on the computer.
nature is full with colours.
the rest room, toilets, parcel room and the canteen are few
you can get a baby magazine and it shows a mom breast feeding.
the act of censorship in libraries, or anywhere, should be looked down upon.
computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart.
my second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries.
there can be men who say there and really be .
we can learn many things about the countries and also the sportsmen and women we meet.
information processing, is about computer.
it is easier than the hassle crowded malls and long lines.
the people started running to protect themselves from the rain.
the single force of staying over brought people together.
in other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money.
have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside?
the computer would alert the doctors.
then, the library has a bad image which is a big problem.
thank you for your time.
also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town.
what things are found in libraries?
he is becoming desperate.
now the home has long list of regular patrons.
reason number one why i say people are spending to much time on the internet is because it is dangerous.
plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids.
computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else.
now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money.
in the memoir the author obviously seems to be grateful and thankful because he states it multiple times in the passage.
just like music and television, the final choice in the purchase is all dependent on the parents.
the cyclist might pass out or suffer a heat stroke.
if you need to find out where something is you can always count on the internet.
are good and bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves?
if people gain the right to take books off shelves then music, movies, magazines will all get taken off shelves too.
that reason is because students can get homework help on educating websites.
not only racial slurs can offend people, but profanity can make someone disappointed.
why would you ever censor anything in a library?
our generations are just becoming more technology enhanced.
not only can you gain weight or lose weight just by being on the computer.
the internet is a great way to have a highway of information at the touch of a button.
the mood the author created in this memoir was very proud.
stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances.
during school kids have projects and without computers.
that is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc.
many people find this movie funny and entertaining.
the mood in the memoir is grateful.
he ran into snakes and very deserted country.
his work gave him a computer, and he was back to tucking me in every night, and he still does now.
interacting with living people in person.
without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank.
lastly, those that think that these things are offensive are entitled to there opinion.
in the story, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist.
smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill.
a second reason is it generally makes everything .
another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provides too you.
and how can we know good from bad if we never have seen bad.
however, that same cover be interesting to a young adult because he be into surfing, suntanning, or .
have any of you ever been bored?
computer benefit society greatly.
things should be put out on display and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories that are available.
people each year use on line programs to plan there vacations and trips, for example my family and i planed a trip to in the of .
the cyclist in this story is very a ware to how his body is and acknowledges his dehydration.
parents' kids should simply not read these books.
people should be mature enough to stay away from and not let the offensive materials in a library get to them
try something else such as an adult section.
people have the right to things that they enjoy.
i told them 'i have as much rights too have those books on the shelve, as they have to have their books on the shelves.'
she said now all the new things seemed weird to her when she first got here , but now they are second nature to her now .
authors work too hard for writing their book and go through the publishing process.
it not okay for you too say one thing and something your child found in the library say it okay.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit this .
if you are a responsible person then you are fine.
by censoring things people are not only kept from ideas that might shock them, but also from ideas that might make them think.
to begin, when someone is talking to another on a computer, they never know who is at the other end of it.
so, the mood in the memoir was love, towards his parents.
and other people should not get offended by what other like.
he has a limited water supply, and he keeps coming cross ghost towns, where the only water is boiling brackish water that is unfit for human consumption.
another reason, i think its such a lead idea is you do not get to enjoy nature.
the answer for me is no, since books like that hold an educational value that outweighs their offensiveness.
that way your door to freedom will be open.
its all about trying to become accustomed to changes.
for one thing if you need to find out a important fact date or time.
you will do just about anything to try to with stand the heat.
i really think that books in age groups, will stop the commotion.
so i urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology.
all you have to do is search what you want information on and millions of articles will be at the click of mouse.
let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind.
what makes anyone think that a book like that would keep kids from doing drugs?
they help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games.
the next town would have been in the miles.
libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them.
the rolling hills make him tired and weak along with the rough terrain.
computers are good for if you need to find information about anything.
or your daughter from looking at porn.
while she stares at the hibiscus then the geese flying in the air, she thinks that she does have a chance in passing the test.
researcher say out of people say getting online the best way because you can see when the take off, when the next also when to come back home.
our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today!
this problem continues to grow and hackers feed off of weak sites.
no one stops and thinks about someone else or their family.
parents do have the right to check and monitor what their child is reading.
she is going to change her way of life and try to fit in with her new culture.
the most apparent is musical instruments.
next, the computer allows you to talk online with other people.
seeing different things enriches our life and can make us better people.
there are many things said in the memoir that express the mood of love.
there was no water either.
my reason is less time exercising people are to busy on the computer playing games an talking to other ones.
since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs.
even though they had nowhere to to work in places with bigger pay.
that is why i think the author included that paragraph.
about half of the people are talking to friends who live in another state.
now on to more about using computer for homework.
no more books, music, movies, and magazines.
this game develops team spirit.
the books, music an movies in this section are cartoons an animals.
one affect was the uneven, bumpy roads he was trying to cycle on.
which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body.
magazines provide a type of self enjoyment for people.
what is the difference between learning about them now and learning about them as a adult?
i rushed out along with my parents.
another great thing about the new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world.
we need the computer for everything if i were to ask my dad what the square root of pie is he would tell me google it.
music is something everyone can relate to.
a movie that many people have seen recently is slumdog .
now, some parents have hard times when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book, but parents should have control over their kids.
movies is to popcorn as music is to headphones.
they also show unity by explaining how close everyone in his neighborhood and family are.
the computer improves peoples hand writing, speed, and research all at the click of a few buttons.
i love computers but, i as a teen know about managing your time on the computer.
most of the crime we have today people blame on music.
the first town the cyclist came to was like a ghost town because there was nobody was there.
computers have been rapidly changing too.
people should enjoy reading all types of books.
most children are addicted to computer games.
do you know you can enjoy nature anytime?
this emptiness meant that there was no help from anyone and he could die with out anyone knowing.
makes me frustrated.
if you use a computer to get research done than you can be done sooner than you know it.
there are some websites that give you the right stuff you want to know and others do not fill your mind with positive things.
that is one reason why i support the use of computers.
the web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers.
lets say you needed to make a change to the price of your goods but your car broke down and the incorrect price was miles away.
it is clearly evident that the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is a bad idea as a whole.
computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks the life cut of you.
these seem to be the kinds of books that young children have become interested in.
people should not take it seriously about books or other source because it can be nonfiction are fiction.
any of these things could happen to you so i advise you not to use a computer.
he should get up early in the morning, he should go for a morning walk every day.
computers can help people in so many ways you just have to realize it.
there should be no problem.
an example of some offensive music is the ' ' music, meaning the music with all types of different profanity.
the entertainment for children and adults consists of movies, music, sports, video games, and reading.
you continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming.
he created a mood very uplifting and loving as if to say your childhood and family is the heart of your home.
i felt safe and confident when i went jump to my hamlet.
so i believe that we can call find a healthy balance computer use.
this is why movies, books, magazines, or even music should not be removed from shelves.
he was also grateful that he had house and parents like you did.
that just goes to show how much i use computers each day.
if the books were meant to be read that way, then so be it.
even a person agreed computer would have to admit that to be highly beneficial.
this drove the cyclist to continue on in order to survive.
advances in technology are great.
computers are very fun.
i look at the human race of this planet to be whole and to be one with another.
so why not have it in the books, and movies?
it make the person feel emotions that bring them down.
lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food.
libraries need to put serious thought into what is on the shelves, no matter what form the information is in.
in the constitution is states that you have freedom of speech and that means you can express it anyway you choose.
yet students manage to play.
in conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight.
for some there is pride in harvesting an animal and knowing that they provided that meat.
also, in paragraph it talks about the wondrous joining of the different cultures in the neighborhood.
he thinks that family and friends are important too.
if kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy.
does censorship really help in our society?
what if the only place you can find your favorite music is at your public library?
the army men play a very important role in our lives, as they protect our country.
just watch all children around magazines, movies, and music.
thank you for the time to read my letter.
you can even chat online with friends or maybe find long lost friends.
in all fairness, is an educational novel about how times were in the day of and .
hearing the waves, & laughing ocean waters, and feeling it cool as the is just heaven.
same goes with books and movies, even music and magazines nowadays, and for certain people, even bibles.
and i hope you agree with me for my three reasons you can gain weight, eye problem and how are you going to pay your bill?
the natural world is ever changing, and you will miss out on a lot of amazing opportunities if you hardly ever step foot outside your front door.
bad people are out there, and one might hack into your computer and ruin your day.
the most important function of the computer is education.
magazines just are a new thing that people are trying out.
there are mysteries, romances, comics, biographies and anything else that you be able to think of.
this could be a huge problem in the future.
this light helps us to study at night.
all you have to do is stay away from what ever it is that is bothering you.
the book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity.
the weather was very hot making him very thirsty and due to the towns being abandoned, he could not stock up on water.
number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info.
dear , do you think is the best technology made so far?
rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit at this point he had no water left and he was pretty much in the middle of nowhere.
however, will be threw a computer site (world wide web).
when you go on the internet you can learn about cool places and plan vacations.
the snake charmer was clad in dirty kurta and pyjama.
it also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from.
when he saw the bait shop, his spirits lifted and he was now hopeful and relieved.
for break me and my dad used the internet to learn about we then decided to go there and bought tickets.
you could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do.
some people just have ignorance to not understand the books, music or movies was made for entertainment for those who like that kind of stuff exposed.
he goes to his office at eight thirty in the morning and returns home at seven in the evening.
they mostly have kid movies not bad ones.
in my personal opinion i do think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold.
thousands upon thousands of people were killed for their religious belief, as well as homosexual people, and other minorities.
a computer around is easier for school also i remember one time, i had to write a page paper for and it was due the next day.
exercise is big and all should do it.
the theme of the story is adjusting to new circumstances and making the best out of each change.
dear the , computers are a great piece of technology.
its a happy mood, showing memory.
dear our local newspaper, computers have a huge effect on people in a negative way.
another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything.
imagine all of those values going down the drain by them reading one bad magazine or listening to one explicit song.
just read another book, or watch a different move.
the answer would be a society that is unable to share ideas, concerns, and experiences.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
most importantly, you can have fun.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
my first reason why i think the effects of computers are good because you can get a lot of knowledge from it.
the author concludes this story with the paragraph because she is proving how something from a memory can make someone determined.
this is along the lines of personal thought.
if i child gets a hold of a book that is said to be bad it is the parents job to tell them to put it back.
for an adult it can show them meanings of words or new words.
first of all, different people consider the same content differently, and the titles being removed not be judged fairly.
in the past there has been some movies that make fun of people for the way they act or just something they did in the past.
i can see how censorship is very useful and important.
a can cost anywhere from to even that is a ton money.
as humans we crave information, whether it be via watching, listening, or reading.
computers help with education, career building, and helps people connect with family.
would you really want to use something that bad toward your health and your privacy?
this person was imagining things.
computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals.
i find it amazing how someone from one country could write a book, then someone from another country could read it.
with a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are.
these offensive materials are included in this right.
in winter the plant is dormant & less colorful, but in the spring the plant shows rebirth through about color in its buds.
this will give her more time to learn & study & hopefully her head will be more focused instead of thinking about her home.
through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it.
if you found a book that you really like then read through it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what is about.
on the , everything is much easier.
this brings me to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc.
that is why i think the people is wrong saying the or is not.
some restrict their child from such material, but i would call that depriving a child of there freedom.
people can hack into almost everything.
but other than that your able to chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to get off the phone.
allowing this we are creating future generations of great thinkers.
other games such as the , require you to think on your feet and can improve your reflexes.
music is another thing.
from around the well, and computers open up new information to anyone.
this can be offensive to parents when they bring their children in, so move it to a place where children cannot have access to this area.
what happens if a hurricane is abroad, and a family has no idea of its presence?
the routine of the farmer is never disturbed by the sun or rain, cold or heat.
i understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
if people find it offending they should stay away from those certain types books or movies.
although i use a computer a lot i still have fun with friends and play sports.
i know you certainly will agree.
when i want to relax music helps me to center myself and open my mind.
could you imagine a life without them?
the library could make a certain part of the library made just for these kinds of material, so that people nor children have to see them.
this shows how much she misses home.
they can have different sections, such as adult, children, and young adult.
i would give more importance to co-curricular activities.
i agree with this because the computer can teach people things.
computers help you learn about faraway places like .
everyone goes to a library so i think it should be an open library and have all different kinds of books.
should books, music, movies, and magazines be removed if found offensive?
not everyone has a great sense of humor so things that some people find funny other people get offended by.
benefits that game help?
for example, when it snows.
this is why i am thankful.
the setting affects the cyclist because hes in the middle of nowhere with no water.
the feathers of the ostrich are very expensive.
i hope that after reading this, you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you.
libraries should not have to take books off the shelf just because someone found it offensive or did not like it.
the way that the rest of the story is told is as if this is a turning point or an end to the en time boot.
for example, of the of people who have computers with online access of them spend hours a day on them.
other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it.
they just do not feel comfortable fellow students saying them and their teachers saying them.
the factor of weather, rolling hills, and the shortage of water take a tall on him.
the internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles.
my elder sister also attended school and i was admitted to the same school.
the best thing we can do is protest it and hope that it will start fading from the public some day.
also gives me about a college that i would and like to attend to.
if you agree you can do something about it.
i think books, or movies, or music, that have curse words, a part of life, because most adults curse.
when i have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world i know that the computer will give me more information than a book.
when a virus hit it all of his files were gone and along with his records.
result is nothing but a big chaos.
the book looked used, for its spine was badly split and several of the pages were nearly detached.
computers, give exercise in a way it makes your fingers move faster.
music such as rap and the lyrics used in rap are whats making kids do stupid stuff, the music talks about sex, drug usage, and murder.
this is easy for most people who have busy lives.
our school gate and the road had ankle deep water.
because theirs always some one out their that likes that one book that you might want to throw away.
cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society.
my first reason is when people get on the computer they find websites that others use.
dear newspaper, your life without computers.
if a book, magazine, movie, etc, is found offensive then you should just walk away and ignore it.
what happened to our society?
this little vow to herself was a message to not give up.
libraries all consist of books from everything you can think of.
dear , name is and i am here to give you opinions about computers.
this could got their eyes off the computer screen.
if something is typed into , results will pop up within seconds.
the horizon kept him hopeful and determined.
without computers it would be harder to neatly type assignments, print out pictures, and getting information.
you know that and the people who make computer sites know that.
and that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of .
it would be the same way if a store stopped selling your favorite product because one person did not like it.
as you can see computers are important.
now what will you why you that side.
people have started sending their mails through computers.
for example, research and entertainment.
the benefits of our computers are they connect us, the spread news, and they make every day objects work.
another reason is that people will not do school work if their to concentrated on the computer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is nostalgic, warm, and thankful.
the author clearly cannot face the rugged heat with his immense lack of water.
they could have never used one before, but then they learned how easy it was.
children and teenagers should also be mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, movies, and magazines.
he can say anything to anybody.
the features of the setting extremely affect the adjust in the ride to the meet town.
as he sees the bait and tackle shop, he knows he can make it there and that when he gets there he can recover.
being loved makes all people feel good inside.
if any of the settings features affected the cyclist(which they all did) this had the biggest impact.
we call them desert.
there are also books about politics.
in public libraries books should not be censored movies should be censored and music should not.
it read rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit.
also, the features of the setting affects her determination.
the memoir is basically about family and how important family is.
dear newspaper, have you ever wanted to see your that lives across the country?
so they think it is cool for them to go out and do things like that but, it is not.
overall, computers are one of the most useful and common of the learning devices.
also, talked about the great cooking that went on in her house and all of the great music, that still loves today.
after they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process.
then when spring comes and it blooms the flower could give her the strength to pass the test.
instead of censoring our youth of from history we need to set age limits.
now i know that those magazines are, for some, a point of interest, but to others they seem a tad bit crude.
for some, it just depends on your age, your beliefs, and if you actually know if it is offensive in the first place.
first of all, you can get a better education learning from them, also, it is a great way to communicate with people.
they can say for very hour your on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise.
when it comes to looking at magazines, movies, and music i still have the same opinion to a certain aspect.
but in the story three main features of the setting affected the cyclist the most.
to remove such things from the library, would be like trying to keep a child from ever seeing a naked body, or hearing a curse word.
prefers not to know where her meat came from.
there is more foul language in music as it progresses.
we have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time.
you can do this through via email.
and adults, wanting to avoid an awkward conversation, make up stories or do not tell them the whole truth.
due to personal rights and what history has shown the world, censorship should never be tolerated unless on the grounds of protecting children.
a large snake crossed my path.
cultural books and magazines could be offensive to some readers.
what is not to love?
this showed how it affected him because he thought he is going to drop from the heat.
some parents think they should be removed, but others argue they should stay.
when one book is taken down it only brings other ones into question.
they get sucked in stressed out and stalked.
in that book it describes kidnapping, and the rape of young girls.
i can relate it to a time i was played soccer games during the summer heat.
you meet new people when you are in the computer.
when your on the computer you can look up some of the natural disasters.
i think them is we the amount of time could be lives.
if someone wants to read a biography or history about , they should be able to.
finally, the internet helps people connect.
again some people try to get this book banned, but it is still a wonderful literature.
it does not seem fair to me.
there are a bunch of games, to play, or videos to watch.
censorship in libraries should not be a big deal.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by getting dehydrated, getting tired, and by getting lost.
the third reason i think that things like that should stay on shelves is because adults have books, movies, music,etc.
secondly, children still have a good number of movies for them to watch and learn from that can better themselves for their education, career, etc.
then he kept going and he experienced a fork in the road.
we can send registered letters, parcels and money orders.
all these things make up peoples lives.
have you ever sat there on the computer for a long time?
i enjoy reading romantic and mystery novel.
all the members of the staff love him.
dear newspaper , opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people.
so the lion is called the kind of the forest.
i wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too.
she feels the snows meet, the geese return, she says that she will take that test again.
for example pictures of weed, cocaine or pills are in books.
computers are much faster than having to go down to local library and look for a book that has the information you need.
here are my reasons why.
the last reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people.
dear , i took a poll of people and of them agree computers have a positive effect on people.
the answer to that is through our history.
and discipline among the members of the society is of the greatest value.
i think they are a great addition to society though.
another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people.
not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world.
first and foremost, there are lots of things to do.
also the cool thing about a computer is that there are websites that let you talk to your friends that live near you.
he used pebbles that he had found to put in his mouth to help circulate the saliva he had in his mouth.
not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them.
she believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read.
by cutting away different materials would be stopping people from enjoying the world of minds.
before instruments, music was just purely voice, but as the centuries went on, music became more advanced.
there is also a religion conflict.
is also mostly grateful for her parents.
i would think that computers give a positive effect on people.
books are meant to be read and interpreted by the reader.
mr. suresh ahluwalia is the librarian.
you can also learn about specific people if you type in their name in .
i have both cell phone to call and text people that live far away.
any person for whatever research they need can be found so easily using a computer.
it provides useful information to everyone.
instead, moved from one area to a different area.
there are films, songs, music, dramas, plays etc.
the novel also contains multiple references to sexual situations.
limit the time on the computer.
recorded evidence is, of course, available of egypt and mesopotamia five or six thousand years ago.
many kids grow up to have a career in computer makings or program designing.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit the settings of the story affect the cyclist.
first the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public.
so for that they always kept their arms and door wide open to people they considered family.
we are all different, and interpret things in different ways.
normally a phone would have to be glued to you ear but now you hands free.
music is the same way.
young adults play video games, read books in school related to .
well, i might just be able to help.
let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world.
the postman’s life is very hard.
i say this his family always let people from the neighbor hood come over and they were like family.
many people before us went through everyday life without them.
the last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking.
many children and even adults are hooked onto the computer.
then leave it alone.
however, hope is renewed when he thinks of the cool pines and rushing rivers of .
fighting and killing is not good.
the mood the author created in the memoir is very significant.
second, the computer gives the ability to talk with friends and family.
also, you can refrain from making a trip from the store by purchasing items online.
because you never know what goes on at there home and they just want to get away and relax the self at the library to read.
as he came to the first town, he describes it as a ghost town having no water and no human contact for some time.
should be taken out of the library.
libraries have been around for years and so have uncensored things that are being put in front of children.
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home.
books are needed for research.
for my first reason, computers have so many technology things inside that help people everyday.
the cyclist was tired and the hills were making it worse.
that leads me to my last point, that no information can be bad information.
obesity is a huge problem in .
he says how his parents left behind their friends, family and jobs in the hope that their children would have a better life.
its not such a far fetched idea.
one of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is great .
certain music that is on the shelves at a library does have the right to be there.
all of which do have the need of removing these books and other materials from the libraries' shelves.
to him, the sight was troubling.
this section should be for grown ups only and that no children are aloud in there.
some people, say that computers enable internet conversations between friends, and computers pass off information about faraway places and people.
when you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate!
but there also can be things that you do want them to read.
some people want to get a high rank or position.
people that spend to much time on the computer do not have time to interact with family or friends.
that certain mood was love and family.
but this is why people become overweight and obese.
i believe that if they are offensive they should be taken of the shelves.
the author was depressed , dehydrated and had all but given up , however he kept going and eventually made it to some water.
it would not have something little children would want.
some believe that they help us learn, but i just say so do books.
have you ever been assigned a report and wait till the last minute to get it started?
its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online.
i think that society would be harder to control with this kind of media everywhere.
it was hard for them but they got by and did a great job.
i do not agree with that because say you have family in a different town, city, or state.
they were an immigrants.
i think it is an excellent thing to have.
he knew that the move would have to be a big sacrifice for his parents to do so he thanks them often.
computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation.
i have been to the library many times, none of which have i ever seen anything offensive.
many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way.
my first reason why i think computers are good thing is because the are a good source to do research on a specific topic.
this is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person.
i have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping?
our life and property are safe because of the policeman.
also he did know where he was go.
some parents bring their child up they way they want to.
so i figured out the hard way.
this is a very opinionated topic.
computers can be very handy when you want to know whats going on in other countries.
they not get to check out items for free like at the library, but it will be safer for the children and young teenagers.
if certain materials are censored and taken away, they cannot access that type of learning.
people can not just take books off the shelves because they have some bad language.
if the child dose not return the book in that amount of time they should charge them for every day it is late.
censorship is when a person or organization in authority does not allow people to see things that they believe are inappropriate.
i go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar.
first, just the fact that he was by himself kept his determination high.
in conclusion, the mood of the memoir is honesty and truthfulness because the author tells us about things that might make us uncomfortable.
maxim has the ' a bunch of laying around in clothes that barely cover them.
if you were to see something you find offensive does that have to mean it offends another around you?
there are other alternations you could make instead of using an computer.
that my final reason for why you should go with computers.
with a computer you can.
that mood was replaced by short, moving hills.
one reason was that he was in the desert.
most of the topics of books, music, movies, or magazines are helpful.
their are good and bad books, but that all depends on the opinion of the reader.
it can help you find long lost family.
please keep reading to hear more about why computers are good.
so computers are a addiction waiting to happen.
dear the local newspaper, i do computers effect people.
computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact.
say if you were years old and when computers come out you bought one and went on it every day instead of being fit.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
movies are good about it though.
for every people when join a social page, get worse grades do to this issue.
also, because, thru an mail takes forever.
did you know of kids go outside every day that means of kids are in side on the computer.
that way friendships are never really lost.
surf the real waves next the artificial ones dudes!
the cyclist has to over come a lot of obstacles.
she misses everything about her old home, from her grandmother to the old plants there.
these are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers.
hope after hope arises to the end in turmoil upon turmoil.
scientist say computers have positive effect on people.
putting censorship on those things would be a good thing because there are materials that are not good for small children to read or hear or watch.
you can chat long distances without being for it.
they help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online.
i once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology.
when that happens, why is it okay to take away what makes that person feel normal?
in conclusion just go outside and have fun!
she is well-educated.
so, does the government have the right to say what we can and cannot read?
when he finally got to a modernized town his spirits were lifted, and he was able to get water to cool him down.
then i started to use the computer more and my coordination improved.
in opinion, they make our town worse.
he is grateful for his parents and for their love and sacrifice.
i know that because i am driven to the world of computers.
they also put the news on there website.
there are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer.
because all people have different views on life, different beliefs, and different feelings, makes hard for libraries to please everyone.
make us feel uncool.
censoring could become a casual thing, and books could be thrown out daily!
if you keep them from a book or etc they might end up reading it in the long run.
because it was hot, and empty, he was more thirsty so therefore the setting affected the cyclist.
in summation, help you find hotel or trip to go on with your friends or families.
movies on the other hand has a different side of the fence.
his acquiring of knowledge by probing makes him supreme.
if there was truly offensive materials in the library, those materials would be taken out.
the author shows many moods while writing this memoir, like gratitude, happiness, and love.
if you do not want your children reading or hearing certain things, then tell them so.
when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
authors have the right to write whatever they want.
it helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day.
also, you can talk to your friends or family over the internet.
now the kids know how to say them.
another, more famous book that was banned from school libraries is the in the , by , which is a coming of age story about a boy.
you can chat with them!
but there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer.
people can use them to type papers or reports, makes graphs, and other important things for us.
my first reason is natural disasters.
everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people.
there is bound to be someone that wants a certain thing to be censored, but the government not see it a something to be censored.
think a head years from .
no it is not easy to get over ,but these things will make you stronger.
all you need is computer (of course), a microphone or headset, some speakers, and a special software.
the reason for the decision to end on an optimistic note are as follows.
and i hope to that you start living it healthier.
without a doubt, continue reading.
if you have messy handwriting and its getting harder and harder for your teacher to read then you can just learn how to type it up on the computer.
let the libraries be!
everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not.
also, instead of removing the materials completely, why not remake them into a more suitable manner to where they are less offensive.
dear, are a major part in everyday life.
there are ways mentally and physically.
your computer can also a lot more things.
this allowed us to email another school.
to change this would go against the rights people have found for themselves, thus meaning if we gave these rights away, people would have regressed.
it just depends on the person and what they have grown up around, or what they think is right or wrong.
in conclusion, i do not think offensive materials should be remove.
books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something.
either way everyone has their own opinion of what makes a great book.
i do not think they should just be removed and out of the way.
distant relatives can talk and share picture with one another to keep in touch.
children have their own selection of books and movies.
thirdly, if you count he amount of time you use on he computer of other technology devices then you will be fine.
this is an oft-repeated proverb.
they want all the guys to stair.
also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome.
its to help move the story to a conclusion.
if these children do not listen, we need to do something about it.
he did everything he could do to not losing his mind.
for instance, the cyclist says, and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
the computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us.
you should check the rating of the movie that you are checking out of the library or if you are watching it at home or any other places.
that is a job for a computer.
we type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen and then our hands to type, one mistake and automatically our hand fix it.
lastly, i think the mood set by the author was happiness because had a lot of her family or close friends living either above or below them.
this is why materials such as books, magazines, etc.
libraries are great use for that.
like one book being taken out because it was about worshiping the devil, or something.
finally, all the children are getting lazier.
there are many books that some people do not want their children to read, but the books actually help children learn.
bad off yes, i do think think they should be removed if they are bad.
they type essays, or while doing research on someone or something, they could just save it and take notes on it later.
half of the time the statues are of a naked person.
so else how bad the computer is.
so get right up and decide.
all it takes is one little book to be taken of the shelf.
recently you back to your six pack sexy self.
experimenting is self contained.
libraries provide us with knowledge, entertainment, and peace.
you could get to know some kids who live in you neighborhood that you never even knew.
also when she used to get water from the well a hibiscus would sometimes come up with the bucket.
it is understandable if one person does not agree with the material being placed into these books, but why should they ruin the entertainment for everyone else?
i think they should be able to keep them.
if they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run.
social networks only just make this even worse.
i grew up listening to several different types of music.
i would like to thank you for your time.
while being offended by a book is bad, we must realize that some people are going through things that are way worse than that.
so just because i agree with everything i said , are you going to agree with it also?
my mom would probably be a little upset.
that is why i think that you can work on the computer.
computers can improve learning in a variety of ways.
when you learn something new like a rat is as big as a house.
people go to the library for a lot of reason computers, books, etc.
life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing.
but instead they came to and struggled at first, but the end result was more they could have imagined.
you need to think this way.
while people can learn about faraway places from the safety of their houses, can also the computer for communication purposes.
being addicted to the computer is too.
dear newspaper, people are spending to much time on their computers.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
the offended group is not being forced to read that book or magazine, listen to that music, or watch that movie.
students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed.
then the kid would probably want to see the movie and they would not know what the movie is about.
so go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun.
we are indebted to our soldiers for their noble service.we must always respect our soldiers and encourage them.
there is hardly any traffic.
the cyclist was affected majorly by a few dreadful parts of the setting.
computers are good for finding information quickly.
our country has many problems, but a few of them are the core values that are upheld in the .
dear local , do you feel about computers?
for , computers and a great thing.
thank you for your time.
a fast instinct is to say communication when you why humans need computers.
it helped people learn more information, communicate with people, and invent more technology.
censorship is a two sided question.
thanks to the computer i got accurate information.
this one band got banned in the united states of for there music.
computers are a tool that need to be used in an everyday life.
is now a size fourteen in waist.
making sure children cannot reach these materials is a concern.
with the directions in mind he traveled on his way to his destination.
if a book offends a person, that person simply should not read it.
i think this because there can be somethings that you not want your children to read.
he takes lunch on the farm.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
the cyclist then began puzzled and distraught.
you can talk online with friends.
the communication globally has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising.
these changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing.
which, if you checked out materials out of the library the librarian can track it down for you.
sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us.
more insulting than finding books of issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were treated so separately.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
authors, directors, producers, and artists will all change their material if we show them that it is not what we want.
these people, although from different worlds and different times and different people, were all avid believers in the of humans.
a big thing that conflict with censorship is the idea of religion.
the materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest.
lives get wasted when teenagers make choices like drinking and driving.
what i am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general.
well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things.
schools are the backbone of society.
this proves how intense his ride was.
all those years gone in front of the computer.
in addition, you can use the computer to look at foreign countries.
in my opinion there should be very censorship in a library.
some magazines shows appropriate things that children and adults can relate to.
wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on.
they form a healthy part of our diet.
a thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on.
the trees retain carbon and release oxygen for the use of living beings.
for example your family would want to go out but you say no because of that computer parents would they would because your lack of communication with the family.
students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects.
it would be a would far different from our own.
the point of bringing books together under one roof is to equate them, and give them all equal standing as literature or scholarly works.
next, people begin to lose exercise.
to a and were censored because of the racist language.
they can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature.
one reason would be not get exercise going on the computer all day, you will only get worse.
this is how the mood was happy and made me thankful.
one could inter she adapted because she was familiar with the season change and it states when the geese return she is going to take the test again.
and that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork.
normally i would have to slave over books to find something.
to me, the main source of communication is chatting online.
they venture onto the computer and and everything they need to know about , from the security of their home.
we researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment.
some reasons why i think this are school work and business stuff.
communicating with others.
we then had our dinner.
my family friend, had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer.
first of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run.
whether you want your kids seeing it or not you just cant do it.
thank you for listening.
a great thing to use on a computer is a web cam.
also help with learning about far away places.
throughout the library, there are many books dealing with past historic events.
he has to remain on duty in the hospital.
have you ever been offended?
i am stating my opinion that the more people use computers the less they spend with their family.
some computers cost a lot money like, , or and even more than , or it depend witch one they get.
the author did a great job fixing these into the story to make it flow very well.
and he was positive and honest.
therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive.
for example, is a sight designed to match people up for romantic relations.
kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to.
however, it should be categorized so a person could have an idea of what age group it would be most appropriate for.
that is just one example of how the humans mind can change.
there are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made.
dear town paper, i would have to pick being for computers.
that can advance the knowledge of citizens.
it holds the promise of spring and better things to come with it.
nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site.
dear man, would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing?
this made me think of my parents immediately.
one because they can interact with others.
the cyclist is driven deeper into despair and feels that all hope is lost when he sees this building.
movies, on the other hand, create a visual image right in front of your eyes.
finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever.
thank you for reading my paper.
“the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
there are many reasons why offensive material should not be banned.
a student in saw their grades improve from a + to a + just spending less time on the computer and more.
she soon found out that it was something she wanted to learn more about.
so teenagers think, ' if they can do it, so can i!'
it can also give kid information like weather updates that help to keep then safe.
my first reason is because the computer can teach you how to type faster.
books that are offensive to some serve as inspiration to others.
i think that action the librarian takes is completely unnecessary.
a lot of business transactions and presentations are done out on a computer for maximum efficiency.
she wants to retake the test.
people have the right to change things if they believe they are wrong.
if you find something offensive, be mature, put it back and find something else to read, watch or listen to
they have freedom of speech, and we have a right to know.
also, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals.
that make me desire to read it even more than before.
the mood created by the is friendship and love.
dear editor, i believe that computers are a great and fun tool.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
this shows the reader that no house is a home without happy memories and great lessons learned.
parents commonly try to get their children to stop playing certain games.
the library has a section for children only.
that family has made that their home forever.
and your going to do it with out a care in the world not thinking about who your hurting .
so take them off the shelves.
medicine, , constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers.
some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for.
computers made that event possible.
dear local newspaper, have you ever thought about how computers effect human beings?
as the president he proposed
obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease.
also, to cyclist encounters a ridiculously large snake in the middle of the rode.
the is a public place that allows people to read what they want.
so if people do get mad they can report it or just walk away and ignore it.
there are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens.
their are children, correct.
said , a professor at .
did you know that information on the internet is wrong?
this is found around us every day.
dear sir or mam, have you or someone in your family ever read a book, magazine, or watched a movie that was taken to be offensive?
this memoir made me connect this family to mines how similar it is.
we packed our luggage and hired an auto-rickshaw.
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or many things i learned there about how to love.
if libraries censored information, then it would no longer be a place that is unbiased.
it could be snowing and cold, raining and of course wet, hot and dry, breezy and humid.
dear , you know of people today use the computer for necessary reasons?
dear editor, computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the .
they give us the ability to learn about things.
so there are just some things that contain violence that you just cant keep your child from seeing at one point in time.
so this is why i think computers are a good thing.
this is also the cause of a lot of obesity.
no individual can say that material is not suited for the public, because they are not the public.
having a computer also distracts them from schoolwork.
, the family created the mood of togetherness, especially going through hard times.
a bad part about the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people then you can be in trouble.
do you want you to be lacking that positive ability in life?
my last reason why i think people spend so much time on the computer is because they are spending less time interacting with family and friends.
even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer.
it is also a lot easier to find the .
should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found offensive?
it is so easy that it will seem like you are standing right next to them on a matter of seconds.
on top of everything else the roads were in very bad condition, so you had to watch for rocks in the road.
they benefit mankind by forming alluvial soil but they also cause tremendous havoc to human life and property.
friends will talk to each other endlessly through , but have no words for each other when they meet face to face.
the libraries should not have to censor there books and entertainment store should not need to censor all the music and movies.
i know there are some materials on the shelves that many people say are offensive and really are not offensive at all.
thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper.
my conclusion is that they should not censor material because it offends someone.
these things should be disposed of so our minds will be clean and the minds of future generations will be clean also.
if someone was planning a trip to they would check the internet often.
that is what i believe in
no one has the right to take a book off of the shelf, because they think its offensive.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
it help other people change their mind by bringing new opinions about the topic to their mind that they have never thought of.
there is a much deeper message about guilt and grief, and redemption beneath it.
nature is so beautiful, why ever it?
others not but, they still will be able to see them in there own way.
some people say that you learn different cultures and interact with new people everyday.
you can live your entire life indoors.
clad in rags, shivering in cold they could be seen everywhere begging in the name of god.
on a computer you can interact with others from around the world and make new friends.
in a survey taken at should that of people are on computer and not interacting with the people around them.
well, everyone knows the same old question ' do babies come from?'.
so finally, i have a request.
the mood was very happy.
i believe that this really has to go down to what the persons beliefs are.
the setting easily can affect the cyclist in many ways.
the author is saying that even when things are hard and seem impossible, something will be the to lift your spirits.
i think all people should not have a computer.
people will spend less time exercising, less time outdoors enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
with the facts i have stated, they have supported my reasons.
that concludes why the mood is joyous.
they are time consuming, but they count for a huge chunk of our grade.
no one should remove these sources of entertainment from our people even if some think they are inappropriate.
dear local news paper, i think computers can have a bad effect on people from a really early age.
he describes how these are the words to show his gratefulness toward his parents, and how he admires them both for leaving their hometown to raise a family.
i, however, believe that a child should have superb morals and values to know right from wrong.
that is my last reason my opinion is what it is.
also i firmly believe time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and eating dinner with your parents.
# thing we let them pick up and grab is video games .
censorship in libraries is something that needs to go away for good.
i mean what do you think?
you see, there are many things you can do other than going on the computer.
the effects on the computer puts on us can vary.
would you believe it would be right to have a censorship at the library?
all movies, books, music, and other materials are labeled as they should be.
but what effect does this have on people?
i had a situation once when the title of the book sounded great and when i started reading it it had a lot of curse words in it.
there for the wood of the memoir is those two reasons why it is a mood that the author created.
lastly, everyone enjoys different book themes.
computers have had a negative impact on society.
most people will turn to one of the most commonly used piece of technology in the , the computer.
if you do this the wrong way it could blow out of the bold and potentially you.
do you want your children to have bad images in their head?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
it would have been longer if his parents had not been so proud of his decision in the end.
the author is trying to give more depth and meaning to the study in this way.
the in the story is happy this is because he got to move to the and be born hear for a better life.
other items such as music, movies, or magazines also should not be censored, though some of them are already.
internet is also use to educate.
especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax.
i think his mood is every happy.
this is a tamed plant for the family.
i would not have gotten that grade if i did not use the computer to do research.
i had just moved to a new school and was petrified of my new surroundings.
then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life.
maybe your son listens to rap or rock music that condones the use of violence, drug, and alcohol use.
that is how the feature affected the setting.
the book ' ' is about a young girl that grew up without a father.
they should not have to think that way going to a library.
it started to drizzle.
that means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it.
games on the internet are also very bad.
my last reason i think computer have a positive affect on people is that it can help you with jobs.
however, i support these advances in technology and i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
another reason why computers are great is by making that tough history paper, just a click away.
you would think that your going to hang out with them later.
in my opinion, the removal of the potentially offensive material in our libraries, is sheltering our world.
all this would help to create a good atmosphere in the school.
finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles another person wrote.
just because some people take offense to certain things, does not mean that everyone does.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
they need to show respect for the books, movies, music, and magazines they provide for kids, teenagers, and parents.
i feel that censorship in libraries is an extreme show of personal opinion.
some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.
but, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people.
sometimes we will even video chat!
some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but i for one disagree with that statement.
one of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde i have ever met.
many authors, musicians, and directors have stated that this freedom is important for having an enjoyable and creative life.
she goes for her driving test and comes home failed.
this is understandable also.
lets face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers.
sex, drugs, violence.
let man choose what is intolerable to him.
realizes that they came to this country to give their children better lives.
there should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern.
look at what they have involved into .
these media types help shape who each individual is and helps them to help make contributions to the world in their lives.
newspaper and readers, computers are a very large part of our lives and society.
they believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying.
finally, there would be nothing left in the libraries.
overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries.
of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet.
what is wrong to some people be right to others.
lot of people have different of computers are more improve more faster and more high quality.
also, you can communicate with friends and family.
the more we get lazy.
with computer you will be able to talk to your friends cant talk on the phone.
the short story, winter hibiscus, is a about a girl who moved with her mother to .
the hibiscus brings back memories of her childhood.
the thing they have to understand is that children need to grow up.
what might be offensive to one person could be a lifestyle or interest to another.
should they or should they ?
i believe it affected him in the way his attitude of the cyclist changed for the worst.
i think that if a book shows very offensive things they should be banned from everyone no matter what.
if we remove every book that someone finds offensive we will have no books on the shelves of any library.
these allow you to send someone a message faster and easier.
another example, is when your bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it.
some people find things more offensive than others.
this is why there needs to be an age limit on this type of media.
also, questions that have been asked can now be answered.
computers also allow people to talk to each other via the .
mahatma gandhi is my favorite leader.
it would cause a lot of problems for many people.
you can go online to purchase tickets.
many different people have different views of different kinds of books.
so after that we pretty much argued the whole time.
helps to maintain strong bones.
i am going to tell you what i think about the books, movies and magazines.
the internet is very addictive.
in my opinion, they should not censor books.
i have to say there are other places you can buy books at beside the libraries such as stores as in , , and etc.
personally i do not much use public libraries, but i often come to the school library to get stuff done or find a specific book.
which for children, education is largely what their childhood is for.
i think that if it is something that offends you then you should just keep going.
he has to use to check on the stock chart.
you even decide to cut the sports from your life.
today, people are sending pictures to and from each other via emails.
computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia.
sometimes he goes to the chapel or the village square to discuss the village matters.
but the reason why the daughter comes back with the plant is she has failed her parents on the driving test.
people however, just cannot remove the words of another right from their mouth, no matter how bad it is.
when people go to the they know, no matter what information their looking for, they will find it.
but most importantly computers are fun!
it sounds as if he is struggling very hard to keep going without water and a clue about where he is.
the setting has a major role for a cyclist.
they might see a naked picture of someone in a magazine and not like it.
the computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher.
secondly computers have away of people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and save it.
the last is to just get rid of the materials so they are no complains.
spending all your time sitting down on the computer means less time outside exercising.
my aunt got her online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job.
finally, the cyclist is greatly relieved when he sees the bait store and that people are there.
he thought of them as his savior!
in conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time being outside, with family, and at really fun places.
i do recall listening to music, watching movies and reading magazines and not liking what i was doing at all.
in fact if we could scan people to find addiction of the population would be addicted to computers.
lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature.
libraries need to keep better watch over certain sections of the library.
this really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling.
this shows that the features at the setting made him feel hopeless.
interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life.
and the guy dad invited to come was .
also, some say using a computer can give you hand eye coordination.
if you have bad handwriting, then you could just type up your paper and hand it in all nice and neat.
like i stated previously the books are just books its your choice to read them
these problems could be resolved simply by putting up signs in different spots of the library.
the smooth flat road gave way to rolling hills, which made it harder for him to ride.
my tutor comes to teach me maths for one hour.
my mother made some sandwiches and packed some fruits.
there is the ongoing discussion on whether these should be available to everyone.
television, news, drama, life, and controversy.
so do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all the music you listen to is offensive?
my sisters are the inspiration for me to make the world in which we live a better place,well, my brother is too.
so plants and trees help to generate fresh air.
be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!
they allow you to talk to people that you and feel that they are there with you.
media that show racism towards any ethnicity or religion should be banned.
and if was really bad be able to take it out of the school.
this mood is portrayed in many ways.
furthermore, censoring what is on the shelves of libraries limits the range of materials that are available to patrons.
but when they are not expected, they cause until misery.
to wrap up his memoir he mentions that he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home.
movies bring out imagination and stories where people can watch and follow along.
lastly, the buildings were what made him want to give up.
the ratings are there to protect younger kids from getting into adult movies.
they say that they are censoring what i need for the assignment because it is to bloody and scary for some of the other readers.
also in the story it states, flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
to me, i honestly find computers useful because i can talk online to my family in .
my last reason is they were most grateful for their home and how their parent turned a house into a home.
dear , computers are helpful once in a while but out of people believe that they are a waste of electricity.
it takes away freedom.
the author concluded the story with this paragraph to show how she will take the test when she feels like she is at home.
i personally agree with them.
libraries are almost in every town.
that mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping.
when he handed it into the teacher the , when he reached the classroom the teacher looked happy when she gave him back his test he had an .
so after the winter she would go back to the place and see if she was still homesick.
however, thank you for reading.
some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces.
some old buildings collapsed.
she is used to the flower being in a warm environment.
just like that, their message is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy.
computers are the wall between inside and going outside in back at the world.
in conclusion, i must say once again that i support the advances of technology to an extent.
they are good at students too.
the mood was also very calm and very relaxing for the story.
thus, an author that has practiced and perfected his writing skill does so in hopes of publishing his work.
or you can also do fitness lessons while watching them off of your computer.
but also like the geese she will go back her face hardships again.
children have a tendency of showing off to friends.
getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples.
to conclude, the internet holds a very strong role in our daily lives.
father took his camera along, and we all left for the zoo.
mothers do not want to go get their child out of jail from doing something that was just like the song they like to listen to.
another feature of the setting was the heat.
people can learn more and more information and personally advance in intelligence.
my opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out.
i am only saying that our surroundings almost make us who we are along with the way we were raised.
music is offensive but like i said only found in the adult area.
you should only be on the computer for minutes a day then go get some exercise.
my friends say computers are one the best technology because the internet can help a lot things like if you have research paper.
artists, authors, and publishers release their work to get information out to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
when the rough road affect sign appeared the travel then become more difficult.
computers have been used for decades and i think they will be used for many many more.
no, i do not believe certain materials should be removed from the library shelves.
people rely on libraries as a source of knowledge, and we need to work to keep that source ever growing
it tells us what was happening in that part of the world.
to make a better country and nation, the people of the should make an effort to reduce computer use.
i do not believe this amazing novel should be seen in this way.
i then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online.
some beggars begin the name of god.
this way, there is a less likely hood that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager.
eventually you or not get diabetes from being obese, but most of the time you do.
they might even like it.
music is one thing that can bring everybody together.
being social is one of the most important parts of life.
of money donated to an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online.
they might not be able to save a persons life.
friends, family, and exchange students are able to talk and see you through video chat.
he also talks about how a house is not necessarily a home, not without memories, your family, and something or someone that you trust.
i think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone.
his ride ended up being even harder than it would have been.
as the day grew on the sun was beginning to beat down he was beginning to drink lots of water but he was still confident and strong.
lastly i believe that the libraries should not be able to tell us what we can and cannot read.
as you can see there reasons why i am concerned about people spending time on the computer.
this shows that he was very thirsty from lack of water.
you can also see each other through a webcam.
books use words to display important parts of a story and our history.
i feel very happy in his company.
a freedom of thought and a freedom of press, present within our nation and increasing in presence around the , precludes the idea of this censorship.
because hes talking about how his family started and how met his friends.
all this things factor in.
he passes through still with a level head.
even in school systems, librarians are there to guide kids to read good books.
i believe it is important you go along with your religious beliefs.
for example, adults can look up whatever they chose on the internet, and so can everyone else of all ages.
therefore, people should not try to remove it.
one essential right that every man, woman, or child should have is the freedom of speech.
censorship of music and movies is not right either.
people seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them.
i believe that computers effect most people negatively.
there are also freedoms in the that grant us freedom of speech.
i think that library censorship is a big deal that needs to be taken into deep consideration.
the mood created by the author was a very grateful and happy mood in his memoir.
the author loves everything about this neighborhood.
many people take classes, especially college level classes, online.
read on to hear how i further explain my reasoning.
a feature is something specific about some thing else.
in fact, computers are so useful and helpful, teachers have taken up using computers in their classrooms.
dear newspaper people, i think that computers do benefit society for a few reasons.
i believe that books were made for a purpose.
i know when i go i always find my style of music that appeals to me.
computers have severely cut down on the admiration of nature.
i have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health.
it does this with the mouse you have to be very coordinated to be good at the games on the computer.
makes the story happy by saying how great it was to grow up with his family.
of equipment coupled to the computer would help us to operate audio and video
computers seem like a perfect resource.
when all of these details combined, along with language such as.
my school library is a quiet place.
another health risk is having bad eyes.
also they will be able to read about what different cultures they have and religions.
life is filled with mixed society and emotions, so not everyone will agree on the same thing.
brings up a good point computers serve the luxury of communication, which is vital to keep of healthy relationships, shows a study at .
they use profanity, show naked pictures, or take about things that a child is not yet supposed to be exposed to at that age.
censorship should not be allowed because time and knowledge are the valuable building blocks that determine the future of humanity and not a single thought should go unheard.
the decision on the appropriateness of a novel is up to the reader, not the government or library or activist group.
you can see nature is some thing children need.
that is why i think that computer can answer your questions.
obviously, nothing is overwhelming.
also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer.
i think everyone should have at least one or two computers in their house, they were invented for a reason.
you know what else on the computer can help you with information?
i have been to many libraries in my life.
trees help to prevent soil erosion and floods.
with the computer keeping in touch with people in different towns, states, or even hemispheres is a piece of cake.
you have to want things bad enough and put the effort into it.
the features of the setting made the cyclist more tired and thirsty.
the mood in the memoir by is happy, loving, and upbeat or lively.
also computers entertain people too.
this book reveals much about human truth, yet it was banned.
writing can cover all aspects of life and give us ideas like racism and other inappropriate thoughts.
the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
dear newspaper, the world that we live in today is full of technology.
every where you look people are using computers.
i agree that some things should not be displayed on shelves at libraries.
the author concludes the story with this sentence because she wanted to make a comparison between flowers and the test.
most of the time that is bad because kidnappers lie about their information so that you can meet up with them and then they take you away.
second, its a bad influence.
for example the villain is presented as an attractive character casual, brave, smart and successful with women.
a child has no responsibilities.
it would cause much argument among people.
there could be many ratings , , , and .
more people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone.
another reason the author chose to end the story with this paragraph is that it tells the reader that you always get another chance no matter what you do.
i only get to see him because a lot of money to come.
but who has time to go to the library and spend hours searching for an answer that would take a matter of seconds to find on the computer?
the glowing realization that i could die from a heat stroke, this quote proves the time and energy of the rider is running out.
computers help teach them because they need their finger to hit the same key that their eye sees.
if you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have.
nowadays the computer detracts from the sleep and exercise that the body requires.
), but for some reason the world acts as if they are going to die if there is not perfection all around them.
i feel so sorry for having sometimes made faces at her.
according to the essay features of the setting affect the cyclist.
make it to were you have to show an that says you are or older to get in.
computers can help people meet new people online.
you think it is okay for your young child to listen to it now, but just wait until those words make it into their vocabulary.
but for important about a home work and some people at theirs.
of all he talks about his family and the love they shared.
then, as easily as rounding a bend my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
in the story the cyclist was affected.
you can even make new friends to talk to.
even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be.
he arrived at the first town which was a ghost town.
during the rainy season flower plants grow rapidly.
the last reason that supports my opinion is that computers make our school lives faster and much simpler to deal with.
my teacher said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by on computer and internet research projects.
when it comes down to the choice, you will know just what to do.
adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers.
the effect of the story strikes our thoughts so forcefully but nowhere the characters overplay their emotions.
computers is the big thing because we need to look up a lot of things online we need computers to test on.
we walked out the front doors and we were on our way home.
he explains describes the town as maybe at one point being a thriving spot, but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
another feature of the setting that the author described was the cyclists location.
if they get off they can and if they won to sit there and waste or
i think that computers are amazing.
the same moods came everyone that was mentioned in the memoir.
so people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books and read informing magazines ad listen to good music
a lot of the at home jobs today require computers, and without the computers the job would not be getting done.
what will we know about the past?
in the memoir, the mood the author creates is peaceful.
these are the types of mood described in the memoir.
these books are appropriate for young minds and have no offensive material.
when i was in fifth grade, chaos broke out in my community.
some of us might prefer to stay at home.
now and day people are using social networking sites like and to talk with people far away.
not only is home a to be but a for family to be unified.
be positive about online chatting, or online dating services.
but if the libraries have censored content in the library, then kids would not enjoy it if they would have uncensored content.
this number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer.
if there are people saying that the certain books are offensive, then they should take them out of the library.
my opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time.
but if we would simply read about the movie on the back of the case or ask about it then we would know to choose a different movie.
dear local newspaper i believe that computers are a great help to society i will explain my thoughts and ideas to you.
this is a happy setting where the author grew up in.
have you ever had a time when you see something on the news that you want to learn more about?
these books, magazines, and movies are not good for anybody and should not be anywhere near libraries.
because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse.
we entered the airplane.
you would not believe the technology they have and how they use them.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
in my opinion, the computer has been one of the best technologies in history.
there is nobody forcing you to take these items off of the shelves, and its not there business what other people see either.
he has four sons and three daughters.
these are just a few reasons why i think the effects of computers is good, and i hope the local newspaper agrees too.
the setting around the cyclist affected him in one main way.
i would do a observation on all the books that we had in our library.
also, with the economy at a downfall, it is the cheaper way to go.
violence is bad for little kids to be doing when they are young.
as i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education.
a lot of it is especially not for young children.
no one could express love the way we do now.
the libraries are supposed to make sure your years of age before you check out a rated movie.
if your not going to finish it, then why is it there?
you can even do research on a computer that is why computers are good.
after leaving our gabs in our room we went to disneyland.
on her way home she saw a hibiscus and went to a florist shop to try and buy it.
a postman can be seen here and there delivering the mail to the addresses.
can help us get information about various topics.
i keep saying that to her but she never listens.
than they you to other family members and before you know it you all to other again.
so more and more people buy computers each year.
do you think that computers are useless?
peon is a very important person in a school.
this could be a curfew, fake elections, or censorship.
they are going to learn and hear curse words.
but one of the most important reasons why computers use is so high is because, there are a lot of people taking online classes.
local newspaper, i think that computers have a huge affect on people.
the water pumps were so old and unused for so long that the water was of very poor quality.
i also said worth living because they had food on their table everyday.
sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it.
some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant.
but on this one, i must say i agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people.
next, okay to take a movie and watch it or even ask for some music to lesson to.
i believe most things such as books, music, magazines, etc.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
how does she feel about it?
how many people believe that censorship in libraries is really offensive and should be removed from libraries?
this not fix the problem of people being offended, but it could very much reduce the amount of complaints about a book being offensive.
dear , is a lot of technology including the biggest hit, the computer.
it was loving, caring, and also cheerful.
when the come back alive.
even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed.
so i hope that people can someday understand the limit to were something can actually be offending.
there is the oldies, country, jazz, hip hop, an etc.
the reviews that the other callers had made sort of disturbed me.
she failed the test but she got the hibiscus and it helped her to restore her resolve to pass the test.
since i play basketball, volleyball and softball, hand eye coordination is extremely important.
do not even think about
how do we keep them safe from offensive literature?
and last but not least computers take away from peoples family life and cause them to split up and become unhappy.
considering all of the things negatively affecting the cyclist, it is amazing that he managed to push through and reach a source of water.
every individual is different in their own way.
books or movies that are considered offensive could also be given their own section of a library.
write to your local newspaper.
computers also have the best search engines.
when libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books.
authors could potentially lose money from the action of censorship.
when we cut down trees we are harming our environment.
the reason why i think computers are good is because people like to do their work, or children likes the games on the computers.
another way computers are beneficial is they bring everyone together.
they have for legs and a small tail.
it sounds like an awful experience.
there is no one around to give him a drink of water.
if you just even look out your window to see this beautiful god created for us you would want to go out there and enjoy !
and computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family.
when it comes to censorship in libraries i feel that all the books should be left on the selves.
our librarian is also very helpful.
computers and the were a technological break through.
this, soldiers, is what need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics.
lets find out what i have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people.
most of the time after school, children stay in the house and do stuff instead of going outside.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
so why not take the risk?
he mixes mortar and lay bricks to build houses, he plasterers the walls and roofs with cement.
his destination fills him with relief and pride, knowing that he would survive the strenuous journey.
thing about his setting that changed was the hills.
it also says like the geese.
there are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries.
in the next paragraph i will talk about magazines.
they keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music.
there should be certain limits though.
censoring them could be as simple as just putting a tag on them or making a different section for just those kinds of books.
so if you need to find a job then you can go on the computer and find a job that is right for you.
our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of technology today.
without exercise, one become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles.
how different would our life be me right now?
this mood is because the author is talking about the parents hardships.
some people do not like the fact that there are books on the shelf that they consider offensive.
i totally disagree with this letter.
kids use the computer in order to do their history projects.
one electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers.
different websites with tons of information and true facts really affect grades of most students.
might of wrote this because the story could relate to other people who moved from another country and have something that brought back memories.
no one would have any food to eat at a restaurant, at school, or any where else not even at home.
in a since, the plant comforts her.
i think computers have a good effect on people.
everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them.
we can also learn about nature from our home.
one life skill you can learn is how to type.
you can use to find people you need to find.
the parents were happy about what they did and who they loved.
for example, i was reading a book last about a girl who was doing a project on racism.
i think that if something is found offensive then they should be in a special aisle.
her mother then wipes the green matter of and asks her to plant it.
it can also let you see disasters in other countries and teach you about the world.
the most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should get in the way of that.
(par ) this gives the memoir an inviting mood, the author always had friends and neighbors over for dinner.
i waited and waited for the dog to go but it remained there.
dear newspaper editor: are all living in the age of technology.
google is the most common thing that everyone uses.
not getting work done is not the problem.
i use to spend three hours online everyday.
i myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games.
first you should always be happy no matter what culture your in.
although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the ones who will soon lead the world.
first going to tell you some positives about computers.
she is a strong young woman and is determined to overcome this.
after a story of such depression, the author shows newly found confidence and optimism by ending the story with this paragraph.
my father used my elder brother’s bicycle to teach me how to ride.
in closing i would like to add that i can also see why people would want to censor certain things.
i think that computer help in many different ways.
if it is offensive to everyone then it should be off the shelf.
these are so many ways communication can be made through a computer such as , , , , , and even email!
in the story, a cyclist needs to get to park.
the community they moved to was so happy and also like his family to him.
it can help us on our homework.
what can the general public do about this?
for example when you leave the library the people that work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library.
the mood of this memoir explains how precious is a home and the memories contained in it.
if we continue this most people will lose eye sight.
i feel like none of them should be removed from the shelves of a library.
hour after hour of gaming online and posting blogs on social networking sights is all one sees.
, computers are a part of our advanced technology.
no one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games.
most romance novels are very descriptive and leave little room for imagination, and in the wrong hands can lead to some very prompting questions.
also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process.
ended up staying with and getting married.
after that he starts to ride through the desert when a huge snake gets in his way and scares him even more.
the book was very well written and just had a few bad words.
therefore, i would not be able to read as much.
are some rare examples.
this is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
they are the people who will be leading our country.
her tone tells the mood by writing with passion.
it also reminds her of her grandmother who she left behind so now she is connected to the plant.
in school students are observed to see how well or if there coordination is being developed.
i think i agree that computers affect people.
healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important.
if certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects.
parents need to sit down with their when they have questions and discuss the truth with them.
when your outside you can also see all the breathtaking scenery, wild animals, and exotic plants and flowers that live among us.
it reminded me of an amusing incident relating to a parcel that never reached.
now those are some reasons on why i feel that computers are a great part of our lives.
if a certain book offends you then you ' have to .
so no, there should absolutely not be any censorship in a library.
in the short story, rough road ahead, the cyclist faced with many problems.
an efficient man achieves some tasks within a short period.
by doing this, a parent knows what their child is reading, hearing, or seeing.
he worked to remove poverty, economic inequality, and untouchability.
there is a lot of books in the library, just find a different book instead of just focusing on that one book.
if you use the computer it might break or not work properly.
if they offend you then do not read them.
your friend that moved away, you can send her a message and get back in touch.
let alone read about it in school!
say no cause you computer.
the computer has also the way of communication.
everything will be gone, because every person in the world would find something is every book that they could find bad.
the author concludes this way because it refers that its not over, and even though the test was a failure, it wont be next time.
there is different reasons why there are certain books, music, magazines, movies that offend people, but it also has a significance.
he was overjoyed and overwhelmed because he had survived.
i do not think censoring is really necessary.
it will do this by giving her strength or comforting her.
these were some elements that effected the rider on his trip.
it was not very hot.
while he was riding he notices that there is nobody around to help him if he gets in trouble or needs water.
for example the was further route, he takes is not only , but also has no place to get water.
authors use conclusions to wrap up a story, or to make the reader think.
the author in this memoir created a mood that showed how felt about this house and his parents.
computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations.
say yes to computers good effect!
dear local newspaper, home computers is a good thing for many reasons.
she hopes when she is happy.
a local environmentalist.
they all rotate round the sun.
first off, the libraries could censor they put out on the selves.
it would'n be fair if it was all up to me because the person next to me might not think the way i am.
its up too the too know whats good for them.
so, we took our umbrellas and set out.
the driver came out of the bus.
there are things in this world that are much worse for children to see then taking a quick glance at something not for their age at a library.
those days computers have all the websites like , , twitter, and others.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
basically, there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything, so allow the authors to share those opinions.
it also can help children with school homework.
internet, , and libraries can all be under parents' supervision.
it in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs.
others are concerned that people spend too much time on them.
once i found this out, i asked mother to please take it back.
because you can learn it easier with different under standing it better so you.
as i mentioned, people who use computers too much are getting less exercise.
i believe i expressed my opinion to the fullest.
on the other hand the person or persons does have the right to freedom of speech but should not exceed their opinion above the level of the law.
you can find information from the weather to where your family history comes from.
trees give us fruits for food and flowers for pleasure.
secondly, these books is like a guide to others.
all of paragraph is about how grateful he is to his parents.
you can just login and talk to anyone in the world.
thus leading to all the books in a library being unable to be read.
no matter what we do, some one will be offended.
so lets recap on what we learned!
another thing you could do is play free games or download the game from the internet do your computer so they are both fast and easy.
people are just weird in this day in age i guess.
computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends.
the motivation is the flower, bringing back good people memories that made her happy and believed in her.
this way you can save money and trees.
the other day i showed my mom how to use a computer and she said it was the greatest invention sense sliced bread!
the author concluded with that statement to represent the importance of the plant and the surroundings of when she wants to past the test.
and these setting could be easily formed in the middle part of the essay.
i believe that people should enjoy nature more than computes.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph of, winter hibiscus, because it takes us back to things that happened in the story.
or, would you really want to do that to someone else?
now with music yes your so called rap today is music that your kids should not listen to.
that if you want something off the shelf, think about the other people that actually want to use rather than thinking about just you.
we could try getting rid of all bad books, movies etc, but over time i' sure more will be made.
also, do you remember when was the time to put the alarm clock on for ?
nine out of schools use computers on a daily basis and their community is still fine.
it does not just have to be a book with bad things in it, but it could also be something to do with religions.
it is as simple as that.
i know that we cant watch their every move but we can do our best to watch what they are doing when they are in close watch.
these types of things are very offensive to people.
we gossip about them.
without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live.
computers is a good benefit for people.
the author chose this paragraph to conclude the selection to highlight the theme and symbolize a new start
i think it is okay for people to use computers because they get to learn new things and meet new people.
i believe that computers can ruin your life, and make you go blind.
they are wrong because the internet will hold that information for as long as it needs to.
to some people the strong words help the reader get the point across their head.
you can not get everything off the internet some stuff you have to look up by opening a book.
computers make things a lot easier for a lot of people.
the world nowadays has gotten ridiculous and out of place.
did you know that out of users lie about their age?
first of all, computers are a great source of communication because if you have a long distance relative that lives in then you can talk to them online.
no worries the person no contact you by a simple email.
our teachers taught us to be nice and accept that student for who they were and that not everyone is the same.
being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better.
if i were a bird, i would have really enjoyed flying around our wonderful nature.
the setting affected the cyclist: due to the changes in terrain.
even books have sexual contact, and language.
the reason why the author ends the story with that statement is because when you fail at something you need time to dust yourself off and try again.
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends.
material with too much threat in it make one feel like their life is in danger or like something bad is going to happen.
libraries need to get rid of these book and movies because it is badly influencing the children in the world.
he has to live with precautions and preventions.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate each other.
if a child is doing a report about a country in they can go on the computer to find out facts on that country.
first reason is people are losing time.
the internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before.
students contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment.
people would not want to see that in their local library for their children to see.
there are millions of book in the world that people find offensive.
i was so happy that i gave my brother a tight hug.
i find computers as a great addition to society because they play a big role in jobs around the country and in addition display accessible information to the ?
next spend less time enjoying nature, very important.
at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path.
many of the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
i think the author probably concludes the story with this paragraph because it bring some kind of hope to her, and she probably will pass the test.
i have always had a deep passion for music.
it was july, the schools had reopened.
censorship is taking away our freedoms and , slowly stealing them away from us.
in someway, someone, is going to find a movie, music, books, or magazine offensive.
books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get there point across.
adults along with young adults have to know what they should read and whats not acceptable.
many people even work from home, thanks to their computers.
what you a room notebooks that you buy of, or a single, computer with tons of space and back up?
someone that has never been to the pyramids could easily just research the pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history on them, and learn so much.
most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but i bet a great deal of it is.
this quote uses words like celebrations and warm to show that this place was a comforting place that always had a great time.
by censoring what people read that is in a way taking away that author right to speak.
the computers we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to take it all in are you would be overwhelmed.
another example was when my friend wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from.
now answer me this, much time do you spend on you computer?
the teachers find this book to be too inappropriate for their students.
those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends.
good bye to that book.
the shopkeepers are honest and sell quality products at reasonable prices.
finally it says, this hibiscus is budding which means she will bloom.
in the memoir i think the mood the author creates is love for family.
people have to adapt to different cultures if they move.
i cannot think of a life without her.
then, when done, you can print it, or even send it straight to your teacher.
the only water he could pump from the pump was scalding hot and tasted acidic.
computers take a lot of time away from people.
obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens.
so i think that people should keep using their computers but just make sure they fit everything else into it each day.
i have a friend who gets offended by movies that the black guy always gets in trouble or dies first.
dear , people use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world.
those types of things would offend most people i think, but you can never be to sure.
some phone services are very expensive, and cost even more money for long distance calling.
the success of democracy largely depends on its power to produce the right type of leadership.
this crusade of theirs posed the questions ' can and should be censored?
if i had to write a paper on a person it would be almost impossible to do without looking up information about him on the internet.
i was working on a long history paper and essay, which meant countless hours on the computer typing.
the computers a great place to make plans or to catch up with some buddies.
a farmer is an able person.
artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with or .
as grow up, they learn about letters of the alphabet and spelling.
when he crosses a snake, it suggest even more despair.
the snow always melts when the seasons change.
the censorship in a library should be kept the same as it is already.
in the mental aspect he is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
putting violent books in an area that is blocked to under the age of is an effective way to restrict children.
the arabian desert and the libyan desert are famous deserts of the world.
experts, you do not need to worry.
i strolled into my bedroom, i noticed the computer sitting on a wonder desk.
the winter starts to give her the feels all hope is lost.
yesterday, i went to my local library and found computers in the library.
like the title states the setting of this story was a rough road ahead.
to take away any book or magazine that could be offensive to any group of people would be a large task.
why tempt them to be someone that reflects profanity and offensiveness when they could be so much more?
this school is very different from my previous one.
i believe this because other people be interested in it, we need information from the resources in the libraries, and all books make people more intelligent.
there are many people in the world that use computers every day and some that use it sometimes.
if there are any books that have any types of adult content, they should be in the adult section.
in conclusion all these elements of the desert affect the cyclist in some way.
amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this.
, this soon changes.
computer, i think, are a big help in the world.
so i think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising.
there should be a limit on the censorship.
there are so many wonderful and inspiring books and movies out there and there is always going to be someone who does not like at least one of them.
and hope they would do the same for you.
life for our children should be about fun, knowledge, and life experience; but not everything that is on the shelves of our local library.
there are a lot of people that think most of the music that you hear on the radio today is offensive.
another thing is that the library has certain book for a reason.
they teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned.
i think that if a book can be published then it should be able to be in a library.
in the today we have something called freedom, we exercise this right everyday with what we wear, and what we say.
this is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends.
whether it is profane, or offensive in any way, there is always some kind of meaning behind it.
computers have a positive effect on people.
they need to remove all offensive and uncensored content from their shelves for the children.
most of the students take their lunch boxes and sit in the playground.
first of all, i think computers are good because news travels quickly.
we have learned many great things from the internet.
as the author travels through the desert he is already upset because it is so hot and water is scarce showing how the terrain is a negative influence.
you can go online and get pictures, games, videos, music or even directions to a place.
are the ones who should be reading those kinds of books, not their children.
around the cyclist was deserts, and more empty towns.
magazines about how we sex and kill each other.
in these parents' opinion, the rape scene in the book was far too disturbing for their precious daughter.
this is true, and i strongly encourage people to go outside and do an activity as opposed to playing on the computer.
the rider knows that his out look drastically changed depending on setting through his journey
if the snake would have bitten him he could have died from poison.
now there seemed a little chance for it’s a follower to catch up.
so why do we need these things?
maybe there are some books and things that people or not find offensive.
in addition, computers give us the power to learn about faraway places.
things today are way different.
secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world.
i am not saying to stop using computers.
an examination is like a fever.
have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much someone thought it was raining?
and he has the sun beating down and is almost out of water.
there are thousands and thousands of books on display at the public library, that does not mean you have to read all of them.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist since it is affecting her condition.
a wonderful educational source to use in schools, jobs, etc.
some people have one because they like to look at pictures.
reading is my last hobby, and i have collected a lot of titles during the past three-four years.
nobody is forcing that person to read this book, so why make a big deal about it?
if computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country.
this is why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
in this paragraph i am going to explain to you why i think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer.
everyone has a different opinion on what books they like to read.
my second reason would be that computers are useful in studies.
for example when she broke down in the flower shop.
it is very hot and the cyclist is getting very dehydrated.
is your choice in the end, but not all people have the same tastes in books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
although there were a lot of inconveniences, yet the people were very happy.
people find it easiest to buy something with the click a mouse.
computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours.
this is why i think that the censorship can be good and bad.
the world is suffering because people are neglecting to pick up their trash and to try to stop .
many people can agree with me.
they allow easier research, i can learn about other countries, and can talk to people online.
this cyclist seemed to have bad wick.
everyone has a right to read what they want to read.
if one mother thinks a book that talks about something she believes to be inappropriate to her children should be removed, another mother not.
this made me very unhealthy i gained nine pounds in one week.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
it can be a phrase that an author uses or the name of a song.
this place might have been a thriving little spot at one time - say, before the last world war.
well i think the mood of the story is great.
the library shelves would be completely empty.
people are always using paper and paper comes from trees.
i believe that people are entitled to their own opinion about what they choose to listen to, read or watch, everybody has their own level of maturity.
he talks about faith, love, courage, and just the overall niceness of his home and community.
one of the reasons why i think people should stay to computers is because they can learn.
they can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground.
they seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity.
the risk of any of these things happening is very high.
the author describes the many things her parents have given to her.
as a student i know they help me with school and communicating with my friends and relatives.
if we timed many hours we spend on the computer people would be amazed at what they sound.
unplug yourself from your computer.
in literature and art things take a more serious tone than in music and other media.
i had an opportunity to see a snake charmerand his snakes a monthago.
the only books that would be left would be the and children books.
it also helps you to look things up like people, states, and etc.
your friends are going to start pulling away from you.
there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen.
out of of family members and friends agree with mom.
one case is how people should know about the holocaust in the .
birdie eats grains, fruits and insects.
if no one can read the books, no one learns.
censorship should only be used if a person is too young to understand why or what is happening when they say a bad word or do something confusing.
the do there kind of things, because are bored people think that statement is true.
grow up, put whatever is that offends you down, and walk away.
that is why these types of things should be taken off the shelves immediately!
i could drop from a heatstroke, he says.
in our public libraries we can find books that are related to slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very beneficial to our society.
if a person believes a book is offensive, they can just as easily put it down as they had picked it up.
no one can stop them.
material such as this should be put away somewhere out of sight, and requested if wanted.
parents could look out for what their children are trying to read.
most of those people would, and get angry when their work is edited.
he begins to despair even more.
when you type, your fingers are moving all around the keyboard, creating hand muscles.
we all know that computers can be a good and bad thing.
i find this to be completely true.
they help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family.
people can learn bout things, places, even their own family.
dear , i know having computers has a positive effect on people.
she would adapt just like the winter hibiscus.
as a student i often have a hard time finding meaningful literature in the school library because it is so censored.
it demonstrates this in the story when it says the quote above.
putting it at the beginning would not give the same effect.
we go to the church to offer prayers and enjoy singing christmas carols.
if you need to know state capitals, you can find it in no time.
it shows we can read stuff that is stimulating and not just to make us act like celebrates who party all the time or go to jail.
first, you can look up places, chat with friends and family.
finally, the reason why computers are so important is because keeps people in touch.
only if these methods of moderation were enforced would everyone be upset.
no matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication.
with technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse.
for example lets say that your doing a report on .
in the end, the setting helped him to safely feel the hope deep inside of him.
on computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away.
tools is a better word for these things.
for example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer.
i say we should spend less time on the computer because children spend to much time on online games.
it is like they are part of our daily vocabulary now.
some like to go to movies.
the water that the cyclist is drinking is drying his mouth out even more.
i work with a spade and hoe every morning and evening in my small garden.
the heat also played a part of his energy loss.
so, the cyclist was happy and strong.
so i think their benefits our society.
i also use it to write conclusions for science labs.
but what about the other people?
the sunny hot weather will affect his will to ride.
you need to do healthy things to help your body.
the test represents the obstacles she will overcome when efforts applied.
furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people.
these books range from romance, action packed, and scary.
but what if there was () computer!
dear, newspaper i am writing to persuade to put article in the paper about how computers have bad benefits on people.
some are very educational, and give the students ideas to go and come up with a new invention or a way to help others.
my personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins it for everybody because one person got offended.
my second reason to this situation is that it takes away knowledge.
the internet even encourages you to get outside and see things for yourself.
he helps the students who are weak in their studies.
the book should not be put away, for there are also books that will be all about your beliefs.
my first main idea is that computers help students find important information help students find important information on a project.
they give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, teach hand eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other.
statistically saying out of jobs in the state use a computer or technology relating to a computer hardware.
in this case, the authors message was to never give up and that people find motivation in simple things.
in conclusion, the author included the quote to show how she is encouraged by memories of her homeland.
people stop losing their focus on important, and start paying attention on other things like the, was a great person.
polar bears, whales of different types, and other creatures all need our help to fight this extinction problem.
he hit a bump and swallowed the stone.
milk is taken from the cows, the milk is also taken from sheep and goats.
people speak about computer literacy, computer courses,
i once rented a movie expecting it to be a scary thriller about a killer in a trailer park.
to just take a book off the shelf just because one person or a small amount of people think that one book is offensive to them.
elephants eat fruits, shrubs and grass.
first, we should have computers because it teaches us things that we might not have been taught before.
this shows that this flower was a sentimental importance, she needed.
exercising will keep you in shape and if you plan on playing sports, you should jog a couple times of day.
there are, however, libraries that do not remove items due to being offensive.
i stopped at a rusted water pump to get water and a tar like substance oozed out.
all of us have our own opinion about what is offensive and what is not offensive.
i could sure use your help because these are some really long lists.
at the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years.
next, the heat affected the cyclist.
dear , it has come to my attention that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
he is running low on water and at the one town he finds the water from the pump is undrinkable.
i would not like any books removed from libraries.
have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others?
just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone.
this also means that there are smaller incisions being made, so that means a faster recovery.
i believe that computers are an major impact on people.
the setting very much affects the cyclist.
i do not believe there should be censorship in our libraries.
in this case it was leaving friends, family, and work behind and moving to a totally different country.
libraries should not censor the materials they display
that is why i have written this letter to you.
my school has a very big library.
so why is there a question on including new knowledge?
some book such as and are great to read for school assignments.
these electronic wonder help us and our planet in some many ways.
i never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, i want them to be responsible and not listen to terrible songs.
the setting and it`s features affect the cyclist greatly.
computers allow fun, communication, educational purposes, and work uses.
by libraries exposing children to derogatory music, they are creating enormous liabilities for the children and their families.
until, she got her hands on a computer.
anyone can learn important things.
even worse then the books we read.
the galaxy in which our solar system lies is known as the milky way.
you type in something you will get what you were looking for.
computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other.
firstly, computers can be used for research.
one of the biggest problems that the author faced in his essay was his surroundings.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
there are many ways libraries can prevent children or other people not mature enough to view the offensive material from seeing it.
computers can do all sorts of different things.
the computer also has different links that are helpful for writing a paper, making a power point presentation, and excel spread sheet.
but people would kill for these games.
also, you can spent your spare time playing games that help you learn or even book flight ticket for vacation.
the most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life.
many people all over go to libraries for many different reasons.
your getting exercise & exploring nature too.
when does anyone even write about offending things lately anyway?
thank you and i hope you agree with my statements.
the final paragraph seals the deal, as it shows that she is again confident in herself because of the happy memories that she is thinking about.
she bought the flower with all her money because it held memories for her.
therefore computers are good.
everything i have ever witnessed at the library is for learning and research.
should stay on the shelf because if they are removed what are we left with?
computers help us look information, talk to people around the world, and buy stuff from our house.
i think that it is should be left alone the way it is because it put that way for a reason.
my mother came over here when she was .
one of the most common and used thing around the world is instant .
people find most movies offending but neither are movies made up of how people feel about it.
some like country, classical, metal, and maybe even rock.
the setting is in a dessert so he needs lets of water, which he runs low on.
on a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to tickets would have the exact same thing.
some are small and some can be very big.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
with the magazines, some argue that children will be exposed to suggestive material sometime, so why not now?
personally i like to read books that interest me, as i can assume most do everyone else.
some even seem provocative.
if the reading materials are already in the classroom they should not be removed.
if they wish to talk about dragons and princesses, so be it.
, there were many affects on the cyclist due to the setting.
it sounds simple enough but people need to take action and start to do something about it.
if you feel like a book, a song, a movie, is offensive, then stop reading, listening, or watching.
lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession.
he learned a lot and we were all proud.
sometimes kids forget their text books at school.
secondly, the computer creates false personas.
if somebody gets offensive about a censored material, they are going to report it and cause the rate to drop low.
how would you feel if that was to happen to you.
putting a censorship on these things would not enable us to do these.
they begin wearing shorter skirts, dieting, and tanning all because of an ad they saw in their magazine.
the computer looking at hotels and booking thou, this modern day technology has brought many humans to places they wanted to go.
one book to one person could mean something totally different to another.
it also says that they learned the real definition of family.
it is better to use love and non-violence.
this is why it support the computer.
i always talk to my friends online.
another point to get across is the library is also censored a little bit too.
for children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they' be inside on that nice day.
who can say where it should stop?
in libraries and bookstores worldwide books are written and published with subject matter ranging from odd or inappropriate, to serious or violent.
its simple with most computer soft .
the reason i feel this way is a computer has google to make finding things easier.
i am saying this because that will helps us with all the work we do for school.
it is up to the kids to make the decision to listen or not listen to their parents.
most are probably so much time on the computer that there not getting enough physical activities.
there five million other people out their who love said book so why ruin for everyone just to make a few people happy.
dear , since electricity was invented technology has developed at a rapid rate.
not all books are made for a particular age group or gender.
also while refilling he encounters hazards such as short rolling hills through ghost the terrain and ever a snake.
thank you for listening to me.
to the editor of the daily newspaper, i strongly believe that computers have a negative affect on people of all ages.
the computer has put a positive affect on numerous people and their everyday need.
one time my friend was sitting in the computer and she started to watch inappropriate videos when her father found out about this, he canceled their internet.
and in the present day world work is the only way to success.
with different personalities comes different writers.
if a parent does not want their child reading a certain book then they have the authority to take the book away from that child, not the shelves.
kids today have a whole lot of options of books they can or cannot read in the schools library.
to begin with i feel everyone should admire the libraries.
and moving the to the back closet.
a child could be on the internet and something accidentally pops up.
using a computer can help people in many ways.
playing games on the computer can be a nice way to relax.
dear , i strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community.
last reason is it can help you be organize and get a job.
if you take books away from the libraries then you loose sales.
once again, this is another reason i think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of the .
dear local newspaper, the question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society.
the excerpt furthers these feelings when the author tells about how much his parents gave when they themselves had little of their own.
you might create a book, a song, or a movie that will offend someone in a way.
also you can entertain you over long trips.
the cyclist rode through deserts and deserted towns.
the music poses a problem, though.
if you already have a computer then your fine.
i hope to start seeing that in the future
people all around the world use them, from to , to to , they are being used.
secondly, you act enough generation child i go outside basically, it all kids.
lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about.
well that is not all true.
also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge.
people who use computers for many hours are just sitting still.
there should be sections, children, teens, and adults.
playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer.
so was wise in her observation.
features of the setting like hills and deserts dehydrates a
censoring books could take away from learning.
most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad.
for example in football they take any problems and use them as reasons to push themselves harder to finish the game.
in factual righting, it is something that remains in peoples' heads and is saved into the brain like a word document.
also people play to many video games on the computer too.
it is also a way to teach and to inform others about the past.
do you think books, music, movies or anything else that could have something offensive be removed from the shelves from our libraries?
we not even be able to communicate with some others.
vendors shout their wares at the top of their voices.
teachers are telling us this, while parents and grandparents are telling us how mush different their world used to be.
they have seen blood, gore, and other things in these games and movies.
censorship is a touchy subject in our society today.
the cyclist is coming out himself and stating that the dessert has him thinking hes seeing something and letting him down by it not being real.
computers prepare is with skills we are going to need when we get jobs.
limiting someones knowledge could hurt that persons chance at becoming something in this world.
i can find out what is happening where i live by looking up your newspaper.
its our right to read it.
besides, who is to say what is right for everyone?
the springtime is a representation of a new beginning.
i like my garden very much.
they resemble the earth and are aptly called ?terrestrial planets?.
you of course need a to do thank one.
i think this because it can teach you how to type faster, learn about far away places, and talk to people online.
i strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea.
i know more than kids that have glasses now, i also know that over parents i know now have glasses for the same exact reason.
children are learning things they should not know about, until an older age, at a very young age.
the computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music.
so she now was determined to battle the odds as well and retake the test she failed.
this story is a great story that shows determination and self control.
the children are always ready to pick up a quarrel with anyone.
have you ever seen the commercial where a little boy is talking to his father on the computer.
that way she gets hope from both.
as you read your brain to inner works, you or your so you can show off to you friends out family on words that you .
my aunt and uncle live in and they were just blessed with a beautiful baby boy, .
censorship in libraries just hides certain things from society.
there are many beautiful flowers in our garden.
as for music and movies i think we have let ourselves go a little too far.
the plant then makes her think about all the memories and she is comforted by them even though she is said.
get with the program computers are in.
i also think that if they are not offensive and do not talk about bad things kids should be able to see them or read them.
censorship in libraries aimed toward historical events should not be allowed.
in the essay the narrator is talking about what the old guys had told him.
he decide he was going to such on a couple of pebbles.
plants and flower brought back memories of her homeland.
also the narrator compares her to the geese returning.
the huge world of the can change our lives.
we i have came up with what i think about it.
people spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face.
the internet also is a valuable research tool.
dear local newspaper, i disagree with the affects that computers have on kids.
at the end when the setting is bright so is his mood.
they help students catch up or fully understand something.
life would be very difficult without them.
did you know that of students rather use the internet book then taking the actual one home.
that is why i believe she wanted to conclude her story this way.
others prefer looking at it which would anger them if they were taken away.
that family gives one life and teaches love.
it can be put on the computer or any type of device.
not having a lot of water is really bad when your outside in the heat and the cyclist had no idea where to find more.
also, people of different religion could find it offensive.
everyone has their own opinions, but i am a firm believer in censorship at public and private libraries.
computers also can provide fun games and entertain users.
sitting out on the front porch in a wooden rocking chair.
and it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off.
without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports.
if you are always on the computer how are you going to get exercise?
i feel if you are reading a book or listening to music and you hear something offensive to you , just turn it off.
all of us were very excited and came dressed in lovely clothes.
how it was to make his first friend.
their easy access and very helpful.
you can ask people question.
one of his moods is that he is happy.
my second main idea is that computers are good for people is when you finish high school, you can go to college.
how will children learn about what goes on in if they are not shown?
all of these can us research projects many other .
i think computers need to stop taking over our world and start just being there when we need them.
dear editor, i feel that we should not take any movies, books, and music off the self.
in result of this i notice that my brother does not obey, or treat my mother with the respect as he should.
says that using a computer helped you type.
what is the extent of reading that should be read by the public world?
, computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot people use them more.
i think that there are things we can do if we do not want to read that particular book.
the library has educational movies for children that not be available anywhere else.
in paragraph , the author welcomes the reader into his past by speaking about his childhood home that loved.
computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to.
computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades.
so there is a lot of reasons why i think that people should remove certain book, movies, magazines, or anything that involves offensive stuff.
plus the library is a good place to just go look for music you like.
it can our spirit when we are depressed.
if you take little things like that to your heart then you will have a tough time going through life.
do you go on the computer for hours every day?
loved them and they were happy spending time with each other.
he is so relieved he cant believe his luck.
third reason every could be offense to somebody.
so when it comes down to censorship in libraries, or anywhere, its just a bunch of opinions.
nature holds natural wonders like the , the and the .
books published are in the world to teach about history, manners, literature, or they could be made to take you on an advantage.
here is a man who is completely alone except for his bike, the baron landscape and relentless sun.
the computer is very smart and is probably the best technology invented.
secondly, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life.
students achieve their goal of education and discipline in a hostel.
the local people were very friendly.
many people have laptops in their home or with them.
these books can cause children to use it in action, to show it off to other peers, and to hurt them as well.
these are only three of the main moods in the story.
offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material was used.
it told us that the main keys were.
this quote helps show that the hibiscus is being planted now, but come spring it will have changed color and have bloomed.
because this man is very rich, he has lots of material wealth.
my name is and i think computers are not bad.
it is just a life story.
each person has their own type of information and genres that they like.
email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages.
people just need to learn to get over the fact that many offensive things are found in many different reading materials.
i could feel the great sense of mood and emotion that the author poured into it.
without bursting into tears.
my mother and i worked out a compromise that i could read novels that she approved of.
also when you learn about something.
movies now a days have come along way.
need to cheer up and go outside and play sports.
in conclusion, books should not be banned because, it limits our individuality, we have the freedom of press, and because it destroys our future.
i personally feel that censorship is necessary to a certain extent.
did you want to hear your favorite bands new album?
computers are a huge advancement in business.
one of them goes to the library to find music and we both listen to it.
i love my personality.
are they trying to keep their children from seeing it or just for their own selfish reasons?
the mood that is created by this story is admiration.
materials that are found offensive should not be taken off the shelve.
offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content.
perhaps, radios and libraries can be even further examined.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
also the air is good for your body.
the trees attract rain bearing clouds and prevent soil erosion and conserve the earth.
even though there are factors like age, beliefs, and knowing what you are going into, i think these materials are just bad for everyone.
there is not a day that we do not use a computer in some way or another.
these are all things adults and kids need a like to do.
the mood created by the author is happy and grateful towards his parents.
kids now find many internet sites online online more interesting than hanging out with family and friends.
it is possible to adapt and try to love whats around you.
being on the computer all the time gives less time of exercising, no sight of enjoying nature, and gives less time of interacting with family and friends.
another way is that you can get work done.
this is why i agree with computers.
everybody could use a laugh every once and a while.
the camels from arabia have one hump.
after reading this information and the descriptions.
individuality would be lost and opinions would be forgotten.
dear readers, i understand that some think computers can effect peoples' lives.
while i was at the library there was a gigantic storm brewing.
first, right of the bat i felt love and thoughtfulness, which i still felt throughout the story.
some books be offensive but you can learn from others mistake by reading that book.
on the computer you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything.
if they have a problem with what their children are reading, then they should deal with that personally.
it is very important for babies to have milk.
the mood that the created in the memoir is .
the hibiscus plant was able to sustain the harsh winters change.
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting had a major impact on the character.
the terrain was also not very ideal for a cyclist on a hot .
it has helped mankind so much from buildings to new inventions.
books that teachers would like to give to there class to read.
if you get rid of movies from the library then people want be able to have a visual aid as there alternative way of learning.
see everyone likes something different.
computers are quite helpful in school research, work and other important stuff, but there are many bad effects too.
can you imagine a world without computers?
ten minutes becomes one hour in a snap!
computers enable us to communicate with them through email or video chat without the hefty price.
that got me thinking.
for example, people that have businesses they are going to need computers.
art should not be censored at all.
i say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this.
if we silence the author and there story or song how will we be able to view life in another persons view?
the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends.
with these changes set, our libraries could make everyone happy.
i inferred that the author was alone in the desert with awful conditions.
my second reason is to have a job in the computer business.
i believe books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
not one you would want to live in i suppose.
behind some movies or books there is are violence and bad scenes.
people have always had a right to view what they want and read what they want due to the freedom that this very country provides.
all of the features in the setting had an affect on him, which made him powerless and thirsty.
the drains started overflowing with water.
the computer also helps you to learn.
although, it not be the writers at fault here.
teachers, students, parents, and grandparents learn everyday with computers.
no one should be aloud to take something away that is important to other people even if it is offensive.
you can chat with people even if there is no one around.
one can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language.
we need computers for so many things, and they benefit society.
the author is a woman.
many people, adults and have because they are world but there that should be explored and people should be thankful for beautiful that we have still .
however, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends.
i personally detest censorship.
he was taken to a private hospital and was admitted, as an emergency case.
the offensive things found in a library.
the have a right to learn without the influence of others, but censorship denies them of that right.
this is the part that is the parents fault by buying the for the child to listen to.
my freshman year we read and .
it set this mood because he can have a nice and happy life.
if you have a positive opinion you might go pick that magazine up and read it.
computers helped people learn things besides racial ways in the past but also about there own culture.
they will eventually ask what does this mean or mommy what does this word mean.
this was my first experience of traveling by air.
also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home.
the more information you have the better.
lastly, computers are a way of contacting others.
he was shouting at them particularly the weaker sections where he expected no retaliation for minor things.
there is no doubt obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse.
this shows that they show affection for one another and that everyone is the same.
the computer is a very important piece of technology.
do your rights end where mine begin?
all of these factors create something new in the cyclist.
lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it.
with this it shows that a person can not let one small thing ruin something for everyone else
certain materials should not be removed if found offensive to others because it might not be offensive to someone else that might enjoy it.
the internet gives information on anything possible.
reduced stress trading to confidence effect on society.
computers have helped us write essays more efficiently & complete research assignments.
from my own experience i know how easily one can be offended by a book or movie.
what parent would want there child learning about sex at a young age?
secondly, there are many coll websites you can join.
a lot of teenagers are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and going on their favorite websites.
with all these computers many social networking sites are born.
but then again with all the good things there always comes a bad side of the information.
lastly they should not be reading anything about bullying
that why movies are rated, so that a parent could what kind of movie their going to be watching.
i going to leave on one not would you pick computers or life?
as they are used for entertainment, education, and talking with people faraway, they have had a negative effect on people.
if a you look back to the times before computers, you will notice that you will rarely see an overweight child.
the slave trade would be another historical event lost to censorship.
we can see what happens on the other side of the world.
you could be helping your family or friends out but instead playing computer games.
to spend too much time on their computers.
we should be allowed to take from any knowledge that exists.
my people and i went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed people each.
you can also look at maps of the whole world and zoom all the way to birds eye view.
some people connect with books in a way that others not understand.
thank you for your time.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, many of the features of the setting affect the cyclist on his journey.
the author is explaining how their house was always open to anyone that ever needed, all wanted to come, which is a very welcoming feeling.
so, why waste money flying to see someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost less than seconds?
i would just pick up any book there was and start trying to read.
i am writing you because i am concerned with the health of the town.
the author also loves his family.
other than that i have found that movies and magazines are just as bad as books when it comes to being offensive.
it also bears fruits generally once a year.
he was grounded for two months.
books teach us about good things and bad things.
on the contrary, they are all over the country, and are used by people of all ages.
this also gives kids lots of things to do on a rainy day.
but in this new country, his parents were struggling personally and financially, but even though they started life all over again.
because ever book in there is going to hurt some if u made them read it.
material that is found offensive does not belong their, unless it is for real educational learning.
people say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives.
in the present circumstances, the future of postmen is not bright.
these can be hazardous, and even deadly.
also some say computers can tell you about far away places but that what school is for.
there were no signs of civilization so he could not stop any where and buy water.
she has made some great songs for the past year and a half now.
the removal of these things become harmful to a new generation in the long run.
also, to a is about a lawyer who defends a wrongly accused black man in .
on your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even boost up your grade.
i started laughing helplessly at myself.
use a real dictionary.
there is no doubt he will get dehydrated.
local newspaper please consider my opinion, i feel that computers benefit are society.
sooner or later everything will be based on computers like, jobs, school, and ever the medical field.
now-a-days we do not come across a snake charmer so often in delhi.
of them are free too.
take away computers and people will die alone and sad.
censorship is used most commonly with our movies, video games, and television.
on time it might take your just over a minute.
a child could easily ask an older friend to check the book out for them, so they could read it later.
additionally, the tone of the last paragraph is hopeful, which gives the reader a positive feeling.
i walked into my living room.
censorship has become a major topic when it comes to books, music, and movies.
some might not find it offensive as other do because every one person thinks differently.
now she can be prepared.
spending too much time on the computer is a horrible disease.
when he finally reached a place to get a drink, he was finally satisfied.
you can learn about faraway places and monuments.
the last paragraph said in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
even if you do have a phone and someone you known is overseas.
information of any kind is a good no matter the content of it.
bright colours work on our moods and bring good vibrations.
did you know the two people who made google are dirt rich?
young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway.
finally, you know how computers affect people.
sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday stroll, these are events that every town offers!
the way people want to take roll in the things they are part of, might actually be found in the library.
also if the parents want to get books, why not go to a different library and get books.
the pebbles aloud him to keep his mouth moist and not think so much of his thirst.
now music and movies etc.
well all you need is a computer.
a different setting in my opinion would have ruined the story.
i know computers can help find information, but personally, i believe that books are better resources.
then take a mouthful of water, face the sun and blow the water out as fine spray.
censorship has been around for a very long time, and will most likely never be fully cut out of any functioning .
the juice of the young mango is sour.
when the crops grow, he harvests the crop and sells them in the market.
now the opposite side says people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with fiends and family.
adults know more about the harmful language, but why influence them to write the bad things or comment using mean tones.
you can look up stuff on the for your homework and other stuff.
we should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves.
it can and will mentally scar them for life.
even if your just happens in you can keep in touch through email.
the geese come back.
the has the highest number of obese citizens in the world.
everything is normal again and we go to check out.
do you want to gain weight?
this is where my next thought comes in.
in some of the reading material, one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it.
do we need to get rid of everything for that reason?
this is happening all around the world and it need to !
i would say to them that, its not the book.
lastly, as a kid we need to be able to use a computer, not just to talk to friends but for homework.
it was a hot desert and he needed something to drink.
you can explore any place you want with the click of a button.
we have gotten to the point where there is so much out there that it is nearly impossible to do.
they are very helpful in many ways.
i like reading about anything and everything, so i would love to read things and spark my attention.
they wont enjoy their life outside of their houses.
my last reason is the .
each person does the job the way he likes.
media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do.
a child’s life is full of innocence.
one of them is that it was in the daylight and the sun bothers the cyclist.
walking into a room where people of all are learning about computers are helpful to individual because the can learn about places.
at times people do not close the taps properly.
if i am late to come home, it waits for me on the roadside.
you can also talk to different people who like you.
every book should be in the library
this means you could play alone, with a friend, or the whole family.
it made the cyclist feel depressed because he was running low on water and could easily dehydrate without it.
have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song, or magazine?
all in all, the setting seems to have the intention of king him.
secondly, can be made.
first of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time i checked they can not do that on a computer.
the liberties and freedoms of citizens should not be taken away because of something that is thought to be inappropriate.
once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families.
i think we need stuff like that on earth to show and to teach us the way to be.
the setting effects how fast, hard and long the cyclist needs to pedal.
once this summer i had opportunity to go to mauritius for about a week.
if the people want to read or watch or listen to bad stuff they can its not other peoples choice.
she had many of nightmares from the movies or books that she read.
this shows us that if the cyclist gets dehydrated enough he could pass out and no one would find him in the desert.
not you should go to the park.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society.
if it was not helpful, they would have never put it in the library from the start.
computers allow us to conduct business with foreign countries without having to go there.
i think maybe that is one reason i am not religious.
it is all a matter of opinion.
as you can see computers are more useful to society then you think, computers benefit society.
during winters he grows peas, a farmer lives a simple life.
in some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent.
it is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email.
you can share you want with people you barely see.
computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone.
now picture this; kids turning in eight page essays to their teachers, when typing it would have taken three.
he sets a very specific mood in this memoir which is everyone coming together.
and just because the topic of the reading material offensives them does not mean you can take away the writers material.
it was in a great neighborhood and the kitchen was the main place of the house.
this is the reason i believe the author ends the story the way they do,
mostly, all those you can video chat and voice chat free.
you can also figure out how to spell a big word.
it can get out hand because the computer allows people to grace food online.
it just depends on how society feels about the whole situation.
many people believe that some material is unsuitable.
one solution to the problem could be that we start rating books and magazines like we do for movies.
in the other hand if we removed a certain type of books, people would get mad and not come to the library.
also with censorship, citizens are neglected of their right to watch and listen to what they choose to.
now movies should not be in libraries at all, libraries are supposed to be a place to get something nice to read or listen to.
one example is, is that a guy came to our school to talk about his son.
please take my reasons into consideration.
the mood created by the in this memoir is mostly grateful through the memoir.
i agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children.
without computers a negative affect people.
without those books in that library i would have never been able to research those topics.
and lastly, more teens want do homework and wont succeed.
thinking about her grandmother helps her to survive for better, helps her want to succeed in her new home.
i found one that looked very interesting i got it and started to read it.
the same goes for , one learns about how to live a healthy life and this requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems.
in the essay, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
i would teach them the subjects with real and deep information.
last my friend on a business trip the was for weeks she missed him a lot mom let she was able to would have a telephone call.
this brought his hopes down.
when the cyclist finds the bait shop he has almost lost all hope.
people spend hours on computers talking to people.
his journey seen hopeless and long had that make endless with first wave problems getting strength at him his journey seen to be harder and filled with ??
the cyclist became very tired and the area he was in did not help at all.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
students read books about the past so that they learn.
and what be offensive to me not be offensive to you.
most of this is intended for a general audience and many people can read or watch whatever they want.
in the memoir the author sets up a happy mood while remembering his child hood home.
i remember one time when i was in the middle of writing a report online.
the first one makes you think he is going to have as easy enjoy able bike ride.
why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country.
why would people want to take little thing like that from little kids?
i think that computers are good use, many people use it for research and resources.
do you want to be that person?
he figured that one would not hurt.
i think that offensive books and music and media should not be taken off of the shelves.
for the ones who do accept it, you can tell they are open minded.
you are begging to become overweight.
our views be different but we have similar needs.
this writing is socially unacceptable!
and your life will go by fast and you want notice it, your all fat and old.
is a new thing that has recently hit the .
its like the author is saying she will be reborn again like the hibiscus, when the spring comes.
it turned into totally love and warmth, but also happiness.
almost every family has access to a computer.
computers are very useful to people of the world i bet that the people who make them will make new ones that can go on almost everything.
these works they wish to condemn and banish are works of passion and labor.
computers are a menace to society.
however a person without a laptop could be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people.
can go to , ask question and get an instant reply.
for instance, if you are an adult you will most likely be looking in the adult section.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is .
the cyclist had started out with confidence, followed by determination, then relief.
you can research faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe.
i have reason it build skills, fast information and fun.
that can easily offend a person, but those are brilliant pieces of work.
some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside.
computers are now an important piece of society.
i do not believe that books should be censored.
i do believe that libraries should censor certain materials.
imagination can scare people.
i think they have rights to hear it if they want, and there parents have rights enough to let them.
the mood the author used in the memoir is showing how proud their family is.
the hot sun beamed down on the cyclist.
say for instance the person is offended by hip hop music.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but some things should not be on the shelves for our kids and children to listen to and or watch.
furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch.
lets say a white man goes into a library and looks at a book about racism, and how it has helped the nation.
people will not be caring for family or friends.
this is not along going to use up all his energy but also make him hot, and when your this hot you need to keep hydrated.
the speed limit was .
this is my first reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
you can learn about interesting people in history.
but the question is, will you?
one song that i just saw was called .
my last reason is that people are not.
a second way the author sets the mood is by sneaking in deeper thoughts within the paragraphs and parentheses.
i guess it all depends on your view of the situation.
there were many people that were like family to him.
you could never lose touch!
lastly they allow people to talk online with others.
my mother made hot tomato soup for us.
some colleges can be found on the internet and you can go to college at home on your computer.
the author concludes the story in a what seems like incomplete paragraph.
throughout the years, many events have taken place in our history.
another reason offensive material should not be removed is because parents would have to approve the item that their child is getting.
for example, the hibiscus flower gives her determination because it reminds her of home.
like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
for example, certain religious books might offend people of other religions, but that does not mean that we should take them off the shelves.
my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends.
think about , my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size and now look she is in a size .
that sounds a lot more interesting than just talking!
you can learn trillions of things on the internet.
reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before.
i think a computer would always have a positive affect on people.
on the other hand, a poor but healthy man enjoys life better.
computers effects many people for what it does.
whether they like it or not things are offensive to somebody out there and there is nothing we can do out there to change that.
computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well.
first because she failed her test first so it takes some guts and will power to go back and even try it again.
i truly feel bad for that person, then again it could be fixed.
you are always sitting at the computer desk then you might be like that.
you understand why books are placed on shelves for in the first place, no its not for the money.
also there is a robot used that digs out mines which saves many lives.
they use this to try and see more magazines.
, i am going to explain to you why we need computers to do projects.
i think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info.
there is one goal-keeper, two fullbacks, three half backs and five forwards.
although some computers be fairly easy to use companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers.
she gets paid loads of money.
also the feel of his home reflected on the mood.
less time on computers would also time outdoors.
another effective way to help this problem would be to give materials a certain rating, like the ratings of movies when they come out in theaters.
if warning signs are shown, then the reader or listener should realize that they are taking the risk of being offended or disturbed.
parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library.
in his community that was filled with hardworking immigrants came together in great solidarity & friendship.
our public libraries should take it into their own hands, by changing their censorship.
is an old family friend of mine.
it can lead to the silencing of all the voices of change in a society causing society to grind to halt and stay right were it is.
he has allowed the computer and the internet to occupy his life, leaving no room for anything else.
with entertainment it is hard to please everyone.
for example computer allow people to communicate in seconds.
i can remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because its for her teacher and from typing.
suddenly it started raining.
often people would like to widen there music intellect and the library is the perfect place to do that.
just a normal family whose lives have been changed due to computers.
a lot of people over used it too.
my opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life.
it should be up to the children what they read.
while riding along these lands there was more in sight, and no building or cars it was line a dead road.
when the author described his home, it gave a feeling of warmth and it was very welcoming.
ending the usage such technology as computers would surely be the first step to sending us back to such a barbaric time!
secondly, the cyclist believed that the old men had given him a safe path to follow but instead he came across a ridiculously large snake.
dear local newspaper, computers are very important to some people.
movies that are funny entertain children daily ; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh.
there were tumbleweeds in his way and large poisons snakes.
family would be closer together instead of spreading apart by computers.
he goes from one street to another to sell his wares.
excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise.
also they have fun games and websites which is always a plus.
it can also help learn a lot of things.
most likely there were directing the story towards you so why get all worked up over something that has happen to you and take it out on the media?
the only thing i hope is that i got my point across to you.
why should the library offer things for children that parents would frown upon?
some material could be banned for something as simple as one provocative word, sentence or even a thought.
learn a lot now, and you will be better off down the road!
this is the next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
there were long queues.
also less kids are reading.
the feeling of love was easily put into the story at paragraph , when the author talked about his family.
instead, there should be a rating system on the books and magazines.
it hides the authors thoughts, idea, and meanings behind their writing.
in conclusion, society needs computers in order to look up info, as well as talk with friends and co workers.
about of people say that they are addicted.
its because it means so much to them.
more than of people who move away from their family and friends reconnect with them through computers.
these should not be available in a library, cause anybody could rent them.
the heat dehydrates the cyclist even faster.
i conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
if someone finds it offensive then they should quite simply not read it.
said a local resident.
without this type of setting, the story would have completely changed.
i think computers have a very positive effect on people.
i believe we have a choice to either except or deny those offensive ideas in our head.
they he is to build skill of typing, help and it easy, and also help keep and family connected.
the answer is simple.
computers are killing us as a nation.
i say music should not be as big of an issue because music you do not see like you do books.
processing, recording, storing, and retrieving information.
let us educate our children for the future of humanity.
lastly, computers have a negative effect on people because it takes away from people using their world.
libraries are huge public places that share knowledge and entertainment to enormous groups of people who want to expand their knowledge.
also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know.
she intends to retake the drivers test.
the mood in this memoir seems to be a grateful tone.
and also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are.
it rained continuously for two hours.
being hot in , it has cyclist is around deserts, causing more heat.
another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your home town.
do you want a world full people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen?
finding a book offensive is a simply an opinion, and has no factual evidence.
it would not be fair at all for us to rob our kids of the chance to read and learn from books.
that is the mood the author creates in the memoir.
everyone is allowed to express themselves and explain their actions toward a certain matter.
actually its not because most of your family is on it.
i and my sister became very sad.
every year more electronics are made and most likely are portable such as , phones, , and etc.
she is now striving and working toward doing her best to become successful.
i believe that if a person is over the age of , they should be able to take out any book they want and have it be uncensored.
people are people and everyone should be treated the same.
no i do not think that some of these materials should be removed.
computers make writing an essay really easy.
you can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like.
i once had to do a class project on and got a just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too.
in conclusion, the computer can ruin your life and can make you go blind.
people who use computers do not spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life.
most kids by the age of have already used a computer for over hour.
i would say that i am a very healthy person.
spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends.
other websites like this are and of people in have an account on one of these websites.
first of all computers allow you to talk to other people online.
imagine how tough it would be without a computer to rely on when you have no idea how to answer something.
this represents how happiness transpires throughout their home, and how everybody can feel free to be whoever they want to be.
but people can also contribute at individual level by planting trees and preventing denudation of vegetable cover.
internet videos of people acting like idiots never go away.
you can make music and make money off of it.
second it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you get a hold of family and friends.
then you can see others face to face!
music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries.
i should i tried it before.
first of all, most people only have a limited amount of time to things.
people who enjoy reading the books, that are wanted censored, would no longer be able to read those books.
as a small child i remember my mom reading me stories to put my to sleep.
you can see them and talk with them.
i sow seeds in the vacant space and water them.
the first and most dominant mood is a sense of family or friendship.
also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name.
there is absolutely no point in destroying certain types of literature because some feel offended.
another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take a way.
using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier but their is on even greater one.
this can get many kids in trouble if they are not careful on these websites.
the biker knew from the start that he should have not given his map.
, there were snakes in the road, which make the cyclist timid looking out for snakes so he would not get bit.
they refresh themselves for the remaining periods.
i think people spend to much time on computers, especially teenagers.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any moment.
using the computer is like smoking.
when i get home i check the homework and talk to my friends online.
sundays generally have a fixed routine for the tv programs.
many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show.
he makes his lessons interesting.
you might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you.
every since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style.
some things on the computer are very fun.
the library is a place where everyone can read, listen, or watch about something that is interesting not to offend other people in all ways.
the due to lack of driving skills.
he felt like he was going to dehydrate because the sun was beating down and had no water left.
censoring the libraries would not be a good idea and it would most likely upset many people.
interacting online can be a great experience for those who have friends and family who live far away.
censorship is greatly inferior to proper life lessons about morality, equality, peace, and respect.
people always saying kids should read more.
i hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration.
the main reason for this is because she wanted to end the story on a lighter note.
when the person (no matter who it is)goes out into the world.
certain points in history are not something that everyone can be proud of.
therefore everyone should have an ambition.
literature is an escape for many people, it is their way of experiencing the world and to live through the main character of whatever they are reading.
spend time with them and watch movies or any sports channels.
this makes computers a negative influence on people & their health.
parents, now than ever, are concerned about how their children are raised, and are always looking to clear inappropriate things away from their lives.
blatantly, they are bad for people.
the library should be divided into different parts.
believe me it was not easy.
therefore censorship in libraries should be condemned because we are only hurting ourselves in the long run when we limit the knowledge we decide to take in
it makes you stronger.
not having computers would have a worse effect on people then with having computers.
any parent would agree with that statement.
are very well liked by many of people, so why get rid of them for those few who get offended?
this was in response to the first town he came across.
computers have everything, any info you need get it off of the computer.
sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but they always prove trustworthy?
if a kid or a teenager is trying to get an adult book someone of age should have to come their and check the book out for them.
thus, i enjoyed the aerial view over most of the important cities.
the mood that the author has is, and happy.
i would never watch or anything like but my friends who have watched have learned something.
what then will they have to read?
knowing that materials on our shelves are offensive, i still believe that the right thing to do is to keep them there.
also, social networking sites help families keep in touch.
the same way goes for a magazine also.
and there are tons of more things you can do.
the path of the cyclist suggested by some old men makes the heat even worse because there are no people or water in sight.
the mood is also appreciative.
that gives the character the sense that next time around she will pass the test.
i use the computer offer for fun and research.
could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly tear down even the most successful of nations.
there are also many books out there that have a large deal to do with very mature themes.
people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take.
now you have seen reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers.
you can learn about faraway places.
maybe there parents should look at the books first or maybe they should have taken it off the shelf.
you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop.
computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world.
at night, the teacher reads his books and prepares new lessons.
over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately .
there are so many wrong things out in the world that you can never do right by.
there are defects in the present examination system.
even though i feel this way about inappropriate books, i understand there has to be some sort of limit when it comes to censorship.
now if it was a book that has been misplaced i would take it from them.
computers have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences.
i think it is great for kids and adults to know what is going on in the world.
her physical health was in danger because of her dehydration and her lack of energy.
there is games you can play, quizzes you can take and you can chat with your friends.
a great way to learn about other states.
i think computers have great effects on people, like going online to do a research or talk to friends.
irritates me when people think they need to live for everyone.
first of all he rides into barren land.
the books can be left on the shelf, if the younger kids does not bother them.
do you want your children looking at bad pictures or seeing or reading about something with sexual content?
depending on where you are, the restrictions be more or less harsh.
if there was a book that they read about a person being bullied, maybe it would encourage them to tell a teacher.
it just put your mind at ease.
in fact, a study done by the board of ed.
its just not worth it.
once, my class was assigned to do a book project.
with these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place.
take in order of what i have said, goodnight.
had a earthquake we went on websites for that.
he told us he learned to love.
he says he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them and buy some bait.
in the following you will see why i computers have its benefits to the society.
stuff like that should not even be published in a public area.
for example, i am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying.
i cried the first day he moved.
dear local newspaper, this world is filled with electronics.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
we get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens.
those are my reasons why computers are good.
should books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
who wants to do that?
have you ever found books, movies, music, and magazines that are about drugs, sexuality, and violence?
where there are chat rooms were they can interact with others.
the effects of computers on me are very good.
they are good sources of information, its a good way to talk with your friends and it gives you information about places that you might not know about.
if you have never played this before, when you sign in, it does some tests and determines the age of your body.
computers are bad because they can become a computer.
i have not found a movie or book in any library yet that i have found offensive.
does that make sense?
so take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late.
so all this puts affect on him from just whats around him.
these stories teaches us life lessons.
that effects the relationship with your family.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
it has flower plants and fruit trees.
should be taken off the shelf because.
computers allow us to talk with people online.
computers help people because of the internet.
some think that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent studying or with family.
we all have poked fun at people, whether it is to hurt them or just give them a hard time, it can hurt people.
in some aspects the experts are right.
what if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport.
these books are usually the ones that teenagers read.
it can be filled with knowledge, and still have the ability to learn and understand more.
but she does not have the mane.
two more things affected the cyclist.
one feature was that his water supply was running short.
i believe that libraries should not censor their literature, all of our media is a fountain of knowledge waiting to be discovered.
when i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of , while learning at the same time!
computers are useful to our daily life but at the same time we also need to realize that we need to sometimes take a break from our computers.
before had his computer had to write out all his papers and when finished spent to long writing that could not do his rest of homework.
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change.
then with in two days there would be not books left.
she felt alone and that she would die.
for example, in my recent project in social studies class i need to go on the computer to get information on the subject.
i visit the library every time after i finish my book, i have loved reading from the time i was little.
she can turn a negative attitude into a positive one when she says she will retake the test when the geese return and hibiscus is budding.
two, new websites have been made and people want to see how works.
schools now do program called .
this means that he would have to peddle harder and with greater force in order to get over the hills.
the mood shown in this quote is that of thankfulness, and even a small bit of frustration that he cannot fully express his gratitude towards his parents.
almost all people who use the computer often say of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family.
another hard thing to do for me was moving away from my family, but thank to technology and computers i stay in contact with them.
but, is it entirely fair to say that these public items have completely influenced and brainwashed children into early adulthood?
was always happy because he was always a part of a family.
all of these types belonging to a certain decade.
all these features combine together to make the situation worse.
during the whole memoir, the author describes how much he honors his parents such as how they not only told him life lessons but also showed him.
overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.
the innovation of computers was a great leap into discovery.
the surrounding landscape of lonely hills tumbleweeds and snakes does not inspire confidence.
when you are lack of water and energy it makes your goal more hard to complete.
the features of the setting strongly affected the cyclist.
public libraries should be able to keep all sorts of content for all sorts of people.
the last but not least reason is kids are forming a bad eye sight.
the can helps in ways also.
using computers is very time consuming.
therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing.
the information provided on the computer can really teach everyone something.
your an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no cursing or violence.
when he reaches the end, however he finds water.
the author got this love from his parents.
also some people have family and friends who live across the world.
if two people fight over a book they should be kicked out of the library and never come back to the library.
so, if we learn about an entire subject which happened in another country but effected the entire world should we not learn about our own faults in history?
it has a long thin body and flower collecting nectar from them.
when my friends and i were learning about evaluating websites in computer processing class we came upon a site that seemed reliable, and accurate.
a home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture.
this was bad for the cyclist who was running low on water because he had been hitting (his) water bottles pretty regularly.
everyone has their own personality with likes and dislikes.
it has great nourishing value.
i have one because i like to chat with my friends.
should books that be offensive to others no because there are hundreds and thousands of different books and even more.
they are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find quite offensive.
shop owners should be able to sell whatever they want in order to make a living.
either way with the book left on the shelf or taken off it is still going to be a problem with name calling.
they can bring people together.
either way your learning.
my library would have something like this in the library?
we know the roads rough when he says, large highway signs dumped out at me.
the new terrain made him has to push himself harder and lose energy quicker.
it was performed in a park.
he said that was one house hold he would never forget.
brother is attending college at and since we do not see him often.
she knows that the flower will bud and the geese will return in the spring and that is what she must do.
so this are some reason why many people decide to be on computer.
in conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer, our people would not function!
i will say though, if you are old enough to live by yourself than you can look at whatever you want.
we see that it is already hard for her by the way she breaks down crying.
there will always be that one person who declines to agree.
the countries of the setting that had the most effect on the cyclist were the deserts and hills.
would we get as much knowledge as we have?
according to a survey done by the only of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week.
the education is just for adults; kids can go online and research history of different places they live and want to go.
we should all, therefore, work hard to achieve success.
go to your computers right now & learn some things!
in conclusion, i agree that the effects computers have on people are positive.
i firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect.
dear newspaper, i strongly agree that computers have effected people in a very positive way.
computers can also improve your hand eye coordination when you type.
the includes free speech which insures that anyone can express their personal feelings or their opinion on certain matters.
the librarians, or a national book association, could decide if the content of a book is appropriate for a certain age.
if people began to take away options on reading materials some kids refuse to read at all.
the electricity that runs computers of this radiation.
then sooner or later, more and more parents will be coming in complaining about a different book, movie, or magazine every other day.
they can have music, movies, magazines, books, and much more.
also there is the television.
in all honesty yes, let them read and listen to whatever they think is interesting.
when was the last time you took a bike, went camping, or went to the beach?
people should spend less time on the computer.
in any case, a more effective solution must exist today.
at one point in this memoir he says to his parents that what they did was a much more courageous thing the he could have ever done.
a child would not have the opportunity to become an individual with their own opinions and feelings if they were restricted to a one mind track.
the small change in terrain had a large impact on the authors journey.
the main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer.
i think books that have nudity, curse words, or gang related violence should be put in either a adult shelf or taken off for good.
to me, computers are helpful, yet extremely vile.
is a good place to get computers so is &t.
with a computer you can even get your house hold groceries online.
so, libraries need to keep the books that they have and get even more books.
for example, many parents would love if all clothes stores would ban holes in jeans because they are to revealing.
what if you rented that movie for a party and had guests over?
i do believe that certain materials should be taken of the shelves if they are found offensive.
beggars are a great nuisance.
it is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer.
lastly, you can just plain talk.
his father also lives with him.
the people we have sent to they have a family here and i have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them.
it is a heavy decision to make but the decision could make or break the publishing group or legal party
there are many reasons as to why items are censored or not censored, but libraries should not have to censor certain items.
this concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today.
i think that was completely handled the wrong way.
this is how the author fells about the memoir.
but with the help people are lively and happy including with friend!
these are my three reasons on why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
the author of the winter hibiscus concludes the story with the paragraph to show the connection between the hibiscus and .
the day that the cyclist was riding was very hot and he was riding through the desert, made it worse.
for example when taking about the rocks in his mouth he states with only luck id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat.
people need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows and that gruesome stuff is out there.
censored material can have bad influences on children.
talk to the librarian and state your case about what is going on.
a person who is involved in sports is mentally and physically well developed.
kids rely on them for studying or homework.
more kids are becoming over weight everyday.
another reason computers effect the lives and people the dangerous chat rooms.
a cyclist was riding through a town and asked for directions.
that she is going to achieve so that her mother can be proud of her and to show herself she is trying to make a effort.
also, where he live helps the mood.
the fact that he sees the grape juice factory is also ironic, because he is extremely dehydrated and the factory is abandoned.
libraries are found all over the .
it is also the season of color and beauty.
maybe a friend can help with homework.
so he starts pumping and sees black gunk.
we will always be in contact with the ones we love.
should one take offense to a certain book, they have their own freedom to write a negative blog or report on it.
when hot, the heat dehydrates you.
this enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events.
you can always substitute other words in there for those or just skip over them like nothing happened.
libraries are a reading playground for not only our children but friends and family as well.
lastly, computers make life easier.
she realized that things come and go but also change.
my mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: .
so maybe it can bring back good memories from her home town or just good luck i think.
if it is possible to have two moods, then this memoir does.
just because it is out there does not mean that we have to see it.
there is a small garden around the home and one side is facing a paddy field.
also many people have an email!
instead of going on the computer you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends.
libraries should have whatever they want in the library.
we use milk in our everyday cooking.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
takes him over terrain not suitable for biking.
not every one has the guts to say something to the school.
parents should modify what their children watch, but as an adult they are able to watch or read anything that they want to
with the help of the computers they are able to contact any branch of their business all over the world.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
but distracting games that waste time also cause stress, which could be fatal.
they are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the .
the coolies are seen sitting in a row.
it is as simple as that.
censoring certain things means that people are not going to learn from the mistakes of our pass.
i strongly believe computers do benefit society.
then when you have a computer for someone else has one then you would be able to see them.
they can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life.
i believe that these materials should not be found in libraries.
these features made dehydration a more keen possibility.
like kids in school use an online text books.
sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad.
my final reason for computers is that they are perfect to learn about disasters in other countries.
another feature that affect the cyclist is the lack of trees or shade.
there are much less people outside.
a waste of money has been put into buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time!
or maybe a kid can read a book and can learn bad stuff.
today, wherever you go, there is technology being used.
it is naturally hot in the summer, but in the desert, it is twice as hot.
a world without computers would be so much different than the world we live in today.
you would be ignorant to think they would go out to play.
i get to keep in touch with my family and friends i no longer see.
it sells delicious cakes and cookies.
i was doing a water depleting .
what the book stores, libraries, and movie stores should do, is put an age limit on the books and movies.
furthermore, enjoying nature is a must, in our world full of immense landscapes, wide waters, dense forests, and lush valleys.
its not using time wisely.
usually after that, they are done with the magazine.
staying up to late, like on a school day and your tired.
movies are located at libraries as well.
when the man reached the first town, which was deserted, energy began depleting because the sun began to come into the picture.
there are so many books and magazines, music, and movies to be discovered in this world.
i understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination.
why would you wait letter from your cousin .
many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but i would have to disagree.
though these are all valid opinions, they are not enough to automatically think that it is okay to throw it off the shelves.
as a teenager i can say that most of us who like music we love it.
do you know online you can exercise your brain?
does this mean that every library should close its doors?
things that are offensive range from cussing all the way to extreme violence.
it is a wonderful thing it really is what makes the world go around.
hinting to the fact that the setting he was in was affecting him in many different ways.
computers can be used in schools to help teach students about new things.
it has raised the threat of a nuclear war.
i know that as a student of , other students and i need to type our homework at least three times a week!
no houses, buildings or people which made him fell alone and life he was going to die.
conclusion, local newspaper this is why i believe that we should keep our computers.
why would anyone do this to themselves?
he was a guy of color and he was complaining because he read a book about slaves.
they might find a book offensive, but does that mean everyone else is offensive by the book as well?
being the baby of the family, he is everyone’s favorite.
those hills really affected him physically he gets tired from peddling up and down continually.
it can also allow people to communicate online with others.
the mood created by the memoir is a mix between a happy mood and an unhappy mood.
there are other types of library items in the library that could be censored.
you as a parent should do your best to keep them away from those things you do not want them to see or hear.
because the more they just sit around.
it can be seen, how work gets done faster, however the cost of medical treatments actually surpasses the little extra profit gained by modernizing.
but its going to keep going on until someone speaks up.
now even though i mentioned all those good things, there are unfortunately bad ones too.
street hawkers are found in every city.
therefore, i support her sentiment.
we go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful.
people at libraries fight over a book.
in short i do not believe that libraries should be censored, rather that parents should pay more attention to their children and dependents.
it teaches better than books.
but if the reader is not reading for interest, then there is a problem there.
the author left off with the paragraph to show she will go back and shell be stranger than she was before.
i hope you see it my way now.
to conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
also his parents were very welcoming and kind so you would probably feel comfortable because of that too.
just sitting there on the computer will get you.
lucky he found a bathroom and drank from the sink.
first, people can learn about what is going on around the world.
she closed her eyes and breathed in, deeply.
on the other hand there is an extent the children need to learn also.
so has been around for a long time and still is being used everyday and always will be.
now i hope you see why computers are a good part of all of our lives.
in conclusion, personally i do not think censorship is necessary in libraries.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is many things.
she appears to think she is misunderstood an no one likes her, but just as the plant will adapt to this new life so will she.
but every so often, you have someone that abuses their rights to something.
it is hot cool out there,then the terrain changed.
libraries need to realize that.
i shall never forget it.
a great example is computers.
if you think that books are that offensive, try walking down the hallways.
just because you have the option of checking out something you do not think is appropriate or is offensive, does not mean you have to check it out.
also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun.
when she brings home the plant and her mom and her plant it in the garden.
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
it is the same with the health and functions at our bodies.
computers are very helpful for people.
they work their tails off to produce new things for us.
all you did was get worked up and you wasted money.
it is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily.
she always tries to keep the house neat and clean.
i mean sure you can pick up a book, but why?
weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful.
many things the founding fathers of the did were considered offensive, but that did not make them wrong, and it made the a better place .
now that their family together they can spend the rest of there life happy together
the author concludes this story because it shows her determination.
they have the right and no one can take that right away from them.
mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is for quick access to them.
says , my grade teacher.
that would be why there is such thing as sections in libraries.
three, they can develop a sense of typing.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
suddenly, the bus stopped.
my father told me never to give up.
in the story the cyclist is on a bike ride to .
in my opinion i think that this idea could help out our youth and there parents make better choices in the content they are submitting themselves to.
where they said there would be a town it was more like a ghost town.
now people can pull out their or player and listen to music.
some magazines, books, and movies that are age appropriate.
by just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side.
hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is.
that is the way it always has been and more than likely, the way it will always be
before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone.
can you imagine how much harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, lets say .
being on the computer too much can harm your brain also.
computers are good for people who use them to learn about the world.
speaking of hurtful, the internet is very unsafe.
other people not even read the offensive book.
without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion.
that shows she calm down already, she feels better with her new country.
you mostly just move your hands and fingers.
i believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong.
another thing you could do is make videos.
he does this through his word choice.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
movies are something that people love to watch come on we pay to get onto see them sometimes.
free from temptation and independent human beings.
teaching something that a kid could remember or is helpful in the long run is the greatest thing.
he thinks that he is going to die of dehydration and the birds are going to pick him apart.
that helps people a lot because not everyone likes to be on the phone all day (me) so that their of communication.
this time could be used by doing more important things such as being with friends and family, being outside with nature or exercising.
what be offensive to one person might not be to another.
the press is allowed to print anything, and we the people read it.
she is entitled to them.
since the cyclist had to use more energy to get up the hills he got more tired and thirsty.
in summary, computers should not be used in excess.
who just wont to get on a computer and read a book. '
millions of people died for saying the wrong stuff.
he passes ghost towns, abandoned buildings, and diamondback snakes.
the cyclist felt black humor, despair and then relief due to the features of the setting.
computers allow people to learn about far away places and people.
nothing would ever get better, and the society would stay at the same level that they were when the censorship began.
people who grow up free to read and watch generally what they wish can turn out differently.
my father is not a rich man.
eventually he came to a fishing camp and found water in the sink of the bathroom.
many of these have novel ideas that help shape our society for the future.
this is a disgrace to the school.
everyone has a right to their own opinion.
if you are religious, you should have the right to be able to read what you want.
the text says, the speed limit was .
also, maybe kids should not have computers but they can get one when they get older.
computers are also great for talking online to family and friends.
he grew up and actually met people and made friends.
develops a grateful, comforting, caring mood.
so at the end of the story she said i will take that test again.
for this he was satisfied and grateful to the owner.
explaining a loving family, new friendships and an overall welcoming feeling create the calm and loving mood, created by the author.
now is the time to get up from your computer.
dear local newspaper, i think the effects that computers have on people are bad, and should be stopped.
and weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about.
more family time can be but i think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercising.
another big is those stupid online games.
this program is used from everything to research papers to.
after riding through the desert, the cyclist would have wanted a nice rest stop, but all of them were ghost towns.
then because of the old towns he went through he was unable to get water.
apple store have when people go over and buy some computers.
they re in the paddy field even before the down.
he must not be afraid of anything.
i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it.
the story ends with the paragraph to show how the winter hibiscus has taught her something about overcoming obstacles.
but censorship wants to take this all away from us in order to please everyone.
also that he loved his parents dearly and every chance he gets, he thanks them.
the second problem is stealing music getting it for free.
this goes with reading as well.
also, the theme was festive because describes the large parties and dinners that were constant at his home.
the next thing to come along is an old juice building that almost seems to mark him on how he has no water.
also allows for people to ask questions.
also, depending on how long you are on the computer for.
talk them into becoming racist towards others.
if you ask me its stupid.
neither are legitimate reasons for censorship.
all of that embarrassment could have been prevented if the libraries had to be censored.
i believe that libraries should have a censorship.
he falls in love with a man named and begins to have sexual relationships with of the men in his cell.
this again saw how grateful the author is.
there maybe somethings out there in this world that you think are offensive, but have you stood up and told that company yourself?
kids should get off the computer and worry about school.
like sex, drugs, drinking, bad language.
i only hope that you consider my ideas.
another idea i have is if you see a younger kid by older people books, movies, etc.
a word is simply a word.
somethings you just have to let go and roll off your body.
they told him that they knew the way and that they knew a shortcut.
it helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving everything alone and breath.
but who is going to tell them that, and what is the answer.
we are on the brink of violence and total chaos.
i do not believe that books that are considered offensive should be removed from public libraries.
but now their could be a lot more depress.
but we can choose to read what ever you want to.
i believe the author created a great mood that reminds you of home and makes your heart smile.
although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned.
since there are books, music, movies, magazines and etc.
however, all you can find are those generic articles in old books.
if so why should we allow ourselves to squander what was hard fought for and earned by our forefathers.
so much that they she will pass her test with ease because she will not be nervous.
it involves the sacrifice of time and thoughts.
computers are really helpful.
also, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others farther away.
the rest of the building is a scattering of books and other materials sorted only by author name and genre.
the mood that the author in the memoir has created is a soft happy and mood.
he is very tall and the most beautiful one in the stable.
i think that the author ends the story with the paragraph that he did, to show that you can always change.
this proves that it takes away time outside alone with exercise.
would you feel if your child wanted to check out a movie there?
books, movies, magazines, or music that is offensive in any way should not be aloud to be showed to the public.
in the last paragraph, she states that after winter is over she will take the test again when her hibiscus blooms.
along with all that though it gives love an copy.
the computers is like a magical box that can be used for anything so i advice you get one.
also, all my friends are on the computer and some them are more active then me.
to begin with, the boy is very so grateful for his parents and adore them so much.
everyone in life needs to be determined.
next, you spend less time playing nature.
the reason that i think computers people to learn about new.
the driver of the red car seemed to have not lost faith either.
going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay.
in conclusion, computers have a negative affect on person because they seeing beauty.
it is understood that there is both bad and good in the world, and pulling materials from the shelves of libraries will not change that.
for one, computers let people talk and socialize, even if they are on different sides of the planet.
my father got up, and started calling me.
they could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey.
for example, here, we learn and .
so, please listen up so i explain why i feel this way.
another issue is banned books.
people like playing video games or be on websites that they like.
if you live in a city with not a lot of nature in it, you can see what its like outside it with the computer.
this time is very pleasant.
this can teach the next generation that it was a bad idea and should not have happened in the first place, so they will not do it.
home as well as neighborhood was a place of unity and caring for one another like a family.
most books have a true story behind them and i believe that everyone needs to learn about this kind of stuff sometime in their life.
if you were traveling somewhere and wanted to find out more about that place you could search it on the internet.
for whoever reads this, remember what we produces as media is who we are, what we do , and what we live for.
do you think it matters how appropriate they are?
also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic.
many trees get uprooted.
what we learn outside of school is up to your parents based on what they believe.
of all, she can have the right to do that but there is people who have a say in this.
young adults need creativity and books are there to shine a light on their eager minds.
first, he described his childhood home.
the author was grateful, thankful, and never forgot his home.
in short, the birth of computer has allowed for vast improvement in society as a whole.
also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself.
a world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love, and hate.
i think all these things affect him.
you can go on sites that you on your .
i would have to say no.
also the rode that was driving on was not very smooth which gave him troubles.
all of this teaches me to be more careful about what i am doing and where i am doing it at.
it is also like a letter.
after this is done, what have we really accomplished?
about of our world enjoys nature.
how times have you seen those harmony commercial that claim to have brought two singles together to make a happy couple?
also, people should be intelligent enough to look into whatever item they are checking out before hand so they can be aware of the offensive material.
and it more people are outside will notice how nature is and says that use of the electricity in a house.
all of a sudden the world and its people have become dependent on information that computers provide.
which has helped are society in ways.
the author does this for several reasons.
he was given back roads that are abandoned now.
i think the censoring is helping to keep our youth from taking the words and actions and using them in there daily lives.
if everything is removed because of an opinion, the world of the arts will be no more.
reading is a way of learning.
, courage is a good quality to have.
you can sense throughout the whole story that he is completely grateful to his parents for the love they gave him, and their home life.
the weather becomes pleasant and cool on a rainy day.
the author shows his love also for his neighbors and neighborhood, even though the was very racist they still came together like a family ( ).
this shows that the home is peaceful.
many children get their acts from books, movies, and magazines but most get their acts from something different.
those words are what fired us up to become an independent country.
it would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer.
a computer is one of the most important things in the average home.
it is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech, whether it be books, movies, music, or magazines.
i conclusion using a computer moderately is a lot better then using a lot.
for example, research projects, study tools and essays.
of course her and exchanged some hateful looks but we looked past that, and she moved on with her life.
in conclusion the authors moods can be described in many different ways.
is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos.
with all of the details, the author creates a loving, cultural affect can only be found with great family and friends.
many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation.
i should be free to read or watch what ever i choose to.
do you have good hand eye coordination?
initially, when the cyclist went through the road with the big snake in the middle of it made him keep cations and very unease.
as you can see, many people would be better off without computers!
there is nothing offensive in this section and it should not be removed.
we the believe are children and adults are spending too much time in their laptops or computers.
she is also really sad, she is making a commitment to get a fresh start on life, just like how the world does every spring.
with internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer.
having family all around you.
to be honest libraries should have sections of books depending on the age or grade they are in.
dear , i strongly believe that people should cut down on using the computer.
this basically means i can say what ever i want and support whatever i want.
as we know, ' is written by the victors.'
even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web.
if every special interest group deems it proper to censor material that is against their interests, there will be no material left.
for example, you can jump rope, go to the park, go swimming, play in the snow and many more.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she did fail the test and see wants to see the hibiscus is budding.
she could look to the plant for inspiration.
there are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see.
parents would love to see their kids move.
his friends like to play with him.
instead of drawing it, the internet can save time and effort.
what you can even do is you can talk to your friends, listen to music, and do homework.
it is the choice of the individual to read, listen, or watch a certain material.
since he was in the desert, there was no escape from the sun.
some say that some technology like computers are bad, i think that computers are good because they give you the ability to learn about for away places.
i strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer.
the author is very grateful for all that his parents did for him.
every individual person has their own opinion and not everyone else is going to agree with that person.
so in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects.
they will only go somewhere else and do it.
that is why i think the setting affected the cyclist.
it is on the ground floor of the school building.
sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, on the other hand, instant messaging takes only a few seconds!
some for good, others for bad.
he does not claim any special favor for himself.
with the cyclist having limited amount of water effected him to.
when you exercise you have tons of energy to anything.
books can be helpful defending on when it was made.
this is because many of them are exposed to things at a early age they should not see, that effect there actions.
for thought, maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections, each with their own subject matter.
young boy has never been introduced to such racism.
in the florists shops she sees plants that she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood worth.
they could also have movies and magazines like that and that is not a good influence.
so, why get rid of something that they will see anyways?
it is like removing something just because one person does not like it.
it is emotional because the care and love for each other.
computers are also useful for lending us the ability to research far away places or other topics that they just have.
there are more bad things in them then in books or music.
first, i think books that contain violence should be removed.
the cyclist took his advice, he thought that he would be there really soon so he start to drink his water really fast.
but you have to go shopping.
soon he begins to run lost and the sun begins to beat down on him.
should there be censorship in libraries?
they help us with homework, let us talk to friends, and even help us do our projects!
then the libraries movie business would be over.
in my opinion only influential music should be able to be rented out.
also, another bad affect from the features of the setting the cyclist is facing is, the rough road ahead he had to face.
never being able to thank your parents enough for giving you that chance to live a happy life is also part of the mood.
of our society works with computers.
theses materials are what keep people connected with each other.
those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family.
she is using this time now to prepare for the next time she is going to take the driving test.
like say you been planning a trip to for your honeymoon but never been there or know anything about it, but your honeymoon is a month away.
but movies show you how bad things are shown.
also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move.
the reason why i think this are: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate, and provide us with entertainment.
the hills also affect him because it is hard to peddle up hills.
despite such discomfort, this information should not be hidden from anyone.
how are we going to encourage people to use computers when their at the risk of getting their stolen.
they should be able to read anything they want.
same concept with movies, magazines, music, and etc.
a policeman helps good and peace-loving citizens.
so yes parents and other people do have the right to sensor movies and book, etc.
dear local newspaper, computers!
as a matter of fact i barely read but when i do start reading i sometimes am eager to keep on reading.
the features of the setting had affected the cyclist in many ways.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist because the worst the features get the more he wants water.
in the exact same way, censorship keeps people from enjoying the type of music that they love.
what do you think about them taking books, music, movies, and magazines that are offensive?
computes make you spend less time exercising, keeps you from enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family and friends.
is a online service that you use to talk to them in person.
many people all over the world go on the internet to buy or sell products.
they let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
so that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society.
yes, if libraries or stores find anything offensive on their racks, then they need to censor it before it corrupts any more minds
for example in the article she gets shaky because she cant say home because she misses it too much.
he says that there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
therefore the ending of the story displays the themes.
it makes her feel more confident.
if you make a mistake one second decreases off of your time.
if libraries censorship books and everything else on the shelves there would be nothing left for children at the libraries.
the internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other.
it has made our long distance friendship easier and closer.
finally, computers teach balance.
there is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food.
and she will take it again during the spring when the hibiscus blooms once again.
if you meet someone you made friends with on vacation you can email them.
for example everyday i get out of school i do my homework and i go run a mile.
did you know that of children in are overweight because of a lack of exercising?
i believe that computers do not benefit society.
what people do is go to all of them look at things or buy something.
i then go and brush my teeth.
everything in this world can be offensive to somebody.
that is why the author concluded with this paragraph.
please heed my advice or your kids will be ignoring you when you are talking to them.
we want to good guys to win.
i went home and thank my parents for all the support.
when she sees it, she remembers her past and is sad.
the location of a cyclists ride affects the persons attitude and strength.
nudity, cursing, and drugs are all offensive images i have seen in a library.
if you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature.
i saw a young kangaroo in his mother’s skin pouch.
time parents told me we were going to for the day.
you know as well as anyone, most video games are not good for you.
you are with your family but they are not your blood family.
some people ran get in trouble for fooling around on the web.
it involved taking a note cards from different sources.
if you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all.
we learn so much information from all sorts of books.
finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either based on or work with computers.
society knows what should and should not be brought upon a child, so they know not to put it in any reach of children.
so as you have read i gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives.
my mother & father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture.
people have to write their work on a piece of paper.
the magazines should never be checked out.
in the story it says that it was so hot he could drop dead from heatstroke.
how could you just take that away?
then what do you do?
it is only offensive when we make it offensive.
do you want that to change?
therefore, censorship of literature should not be enforced.
there a lot of things to life and sometimes we do need as much help as we can get.
i remember my older sister had to do some research on , the computer gave her all of the information she needed.
he expresses his gratitude several times.
furthermore, we spend less and less time exercising outside because we are trapped in a technology revolution filled with inaccurate information.
no it does not because it actually helps us.
they should just get rid of the book or magazine.
do you have any idea how much it would cost to even try to retrieve this data?
parents should have enough sense to pay attention and thus, the problem is solved.
if you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool.
it lots people communicate, helps in educational decisions, and you can learn many subjects such as math, science, and language.
we wrapped him in a towel and asked him to relax.
if it had been up to him, he would have decided to go ahead and take out all those books from everywhere in the world.
computers are testing away people enjoying nature.
everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny.
but with determination,you can accomplish anything!
his environment and the features of the land have made him tired and thirsty.
it also holds information on past and current events.
he always takes part in the school athletic events.
i hope i might have changed some opinions of you today, if not then your loss.
kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are?
this goes for parents too.
country music for example is very peaceful to me.
the internet also helps you find vacation spots when your going away from home what if you need a plane, train, boat ticket?
a while back my family and i were trying to plan a trip to to visit.
now i realize how bad that was towards colored people, so i behave nicely to them.
if you ask me i think that is a positive effect computers have.
thus, the old couple were saved from their valuables being stolen by burglars.
and if you yourself can picture being in his situation, then you can imagine how discouraging and almost frightening that must be.
i do not think so, those words give power to the book.
the loving and respectful mood created by the author makes me think of my family.
the mood the author created in this memoir is very happy and relaxed.
to show how she feels in her new life and leave an opening for people to draw conclusions.
but, if your newspaper were written out by hand, then that would take a lot of time, people, paper, & money.
they actually can be quite good for people.
i think that they should have to be of age to get the books in that section.
people can pursue a large amount of information with a relatively small space as opposed to using a large area of books.
here, let me help, mother.
it is the adults job to protect their children from material such as that.
because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends.
it makes sense that we need all sorts of books to learn from.
and if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included?
he is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house.
going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done.
the mood is both grateful and happy.
we should be kind to each other and speak politely.
lastly would be how his parents cared for him.
these people are so smart, they figured out a way to have school online.
computers can do many things like play game, listen to music, watch videos, and chat with your friends.
there are some reasons to which i am saying this.
another mood is humble.
they need water to survive especially during their long bike ride.
there was water everywhere.
i have a cousin who is and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer.
sometimes i wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way.
the hibiscus in the story has symbolized her home and her grandmother, which symbolize happiness, so she will be happier when things get better.
the sight was troubling.
for example that can help you to have ability to do more.
the author adds this: i mean, not like the kind we had .
everywhere a person goes, there is always a media source.
in conclusion, i believe that literature should not be censored from the people.
books with a lot of cursing can be offensive to religions groups who are forbidden to curse or read curse words.
my , , has a computer class, where we learn how to skillfully type.
or even teach them that those books are wrong.
the internet has all sorts of fun games and websites.
if a person finds the material too offensive to read, then they should simply stop and find a more suitable work.
lastly, censorship is simply unjust because without it there is a better chance to discuss and attempt to describe stories that target a vast crowd of people.
also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination.
the author was clearly in a struggle against the desert heat.
entertainment is dull, and it is hard to receive books for learning.
in books are censored.
whenever there is a test coming up, my teacher, would have links on her go to help use study.
all those statements help backup why the author might leave such powerful paragraph for last.
shows his is gracious for what his parents did and how much they care about him.
computers are fine in moderation, as are most things.
the time that you could be spending on homework or even working on a job, your wasting it.
next, you get no exercises.
to strip the rights of a person is not acceptable.
the cyclist had only brought so many water bottles and was quickly drinking them all.
well, if there is i would be looking at what they are reading or doing.
if you are concerned about your children finding books that you do not want them to see then take them to a library with sections.
we show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic.
he barely goes down to eat dinner and when he does he has his laptop right beside him.
i blame myself for picking up in the first place.
many today are obese and lazy.
these are probably the is for school.
all the obstacles he prospered through were worth in the end.
if the world never reported accidents, would be too much crime and terror.
lastly, they give people the ability to learn about other things in the world.
it is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world.
they go out and say raciest things.
the possibility are endless on the web.
that is how the mood created in the memoir to me was grateful, happy, and mostly thankful.
lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems.
movies are the better ones.
people all over the world are vastly different.
this affected the author mentally, making him remember he had no water.
the plant and the geese represent symbols to her.
there are many ways communicate on the computer these days.
some come to get away, and to others its a daily routine.
all of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same.
if a foreign exchange person comes to your school you can search about their culture and talk to than about it.
the sentence is able to wrap up the story and demonstrates the importance of the hibiscus.
a there ever a time where there a movie that you wanted to see, but due to graphics in the movie you were not aloud to see it?
in some countries the donkeys are used to
it is hot, dry, and deserted this out effects the main character and journey.
if so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside.
no i disagree with this situation because computers are a modern day tech that people use.
parent blockers can only do so much.
but when spring comes, shell be more confident and comfortable because the hibiscus is budding.
how often do you eat dinner with the whole family.
people need to see their always not going to get what they want in life but they need to move on.
well, if you send her pics, or video chat over the web, you can!
i could not get into the bus.
the camel he was in was affecting his brain, and he just wanted to get it over with.
newspapers give us knowledge about many things of the past and present.
as an example some people are against blacks and others are not.
if anybody takes it the wrong way then they should look at other things about the topic and put your own opinion on the topic.
there you have it, computers use is not a major problem.
some material be appropriate for children, but they also are all inappropriate.
to begin with, computers can be a issue for people.
the cyclist was also dealing with the difficult roads.
there are even movies that depict violent and inappropriate behaviors in which children should not witness.
it is evident, that computers are effective, and are advancing technology in our society.
here another reason why from the story.
she believes that she can pass the test when everything is back to normal, in the spring.
our earned us our freedoms, we can not let censorship take them away
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show the importance of new beginnings and to accentuate the theme in the story.
the internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family.
no one tells me what to wear or say, so why should anyone tell me what to read?
the author concluded the passage with a very powerful statement.
sometimes i enjoy reading books where people get hurt and sometimes killed but someone else reads it,they might think that it is horrible and very offensive.
i believe that if items were to be removed from the shelves, there would be less for others to enjoy.
many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and lots of other stuff but they that anymore.
it created a happy environment to live in compared to the many other towns with horrible racism and segregation.
the narrator only brought one bottle of water which at first he was drinking regularly.
another is for books on certain people or events.
they can adjust to new things and new surroundings.
music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands.
i believe that children are the easiest people to influence.
this very colorful book is just screaming for your attention?
first off, i do like censorship laws to an extent.
i had gotten more information than the book.
computers help find and get new .
instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night?
up, , , to school, get home, .
it is not the libraries fault it is the people who are borrowing them.
they have gone to the college fund for money.
the soldier is always ready to defend the country and die for it.
two days later they died because they had some disease and no one knew until it was to late.
in my opinion there are some books that i could think of that are offensive to others for particular reasons.
learning brings achievement, a computer brings not succeeding.
i think when people listen to the music he or she likes, it defines who they are, it shows what kind of mood there are in.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
the scenery was very beautiful.
not physical strength, but mental strength.
like when you go to see a rated movie and you have to be with an adult to watch that movie.
some of the things that be hard for cyclist are the rough roads.
i personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to.
that is not a mothers dream to go and do that.
the cyclist went in and got water, and the old man asked him if he wanted to know where to go, but this time he said no.
first, people will be concentrated on the computer and not their family.
they wanted to give her and her brothers and sisters a better life.
that is messing up the relationship with your family.
that would be a horrible experience for a young child to have.
lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends.
the author has a sentimental value to.
many people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
for all of these reasons, i proudly say that i believe that these different books, movies, lyrics, and magazines should be kept on the shelves
teenagers that listen to music from or are getting bad messages.
i quickly realized the computer is a tool used only when necessary.
computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and .
if we take away one kind of music, then we have to take away every kind of music.
she can quickly type up an essay or research a science topic instead of doing painstakingly slow using an old fashion method.
so this ride was torturous due to the setting.
she uses this plant as a tool for comfort to help her think about when she is from and all the good memories to help raise her spirits higher.
it reminder her of her old home.
we need computers they have been so beneficial to billions of people across the globe.
an ideal teacher knows the art of teaching.
the first place he arrived at was a ghost town then he reach a water pump about twenty miles up the road.
my concern for public media display pertains to the concern of the impact on human lives.
if you are doing a project on fashion a would be excellent to help them find out some tips.
therefore, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air.
how about old friends that moved away.
we just get used to all of it and do not take it the wrong way.
parents should make an independent choice on what they can allow their children to read.
that we find offensive.
the books that are on and off the shelf.
would you like to be in contact with that person again?
this can also apply to movies, magazines, music, and so on that are placed in that section.
now many of the following generations will never get to read that classic because people took it out of libraries.
i believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting.
seeing those things, i felt as if i had landed in a different world altogether.
thank you for reading my opinion.
a rich man without good health can not enjoy a good sleep.
also, if you are a parent that has children they always need help.
websites and search engines help you a lot.
most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book.
there are many people and places in the world that you still have to learn about.
censoring in libraries would also take away from those who are just interested.
the firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government.
there are many books to choose from, but you need to be careful while browsing.
if there was a bible in the library and someone found it offensive, should it be removed?
no one should take something off the shelf if it is offensive because it was their choose to look at it in the first place.
another example is if there was a shooting nearby.
but i am true to myself.
only thing that can take you away from having fun with your family and friends is yourself you cant blame it on a computer.
why should you right you have the option to use a computer which lets you write faster than you could on normal paper.
all i know is that when i get offended by a song, i change .
i think as long as its blocked off into a different room, everyone will be fine and it will cause no harm
they should leave the libraries just the way they are.
you might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home.
she is stressed about failing the drivers test, country, but it is and she realizes that nothing is the same.
people take things differently than other people might.
the features of the setting is that it is hot and dry.
this is an important concluding message, because it shows that the author will overcome obstacles in her future.
nobody can make read or stop reading things like that, only you can.
will a parent let a year old read a smut novel?
whatever you say on the internet can be read & posted anywhere, any site, any time, whereas in real life its really you talking.
the author is grateful that his parents left their homes and left everything behind to give a better life to their kids.
last sunday a cricket match was played between our school team and the team of s.d.
lots of jobs ask technological skills in order to be hired; so having a computer when younger automatically prepares young adults life.
initially, imagine you have a project due in two days.
another simple fact is that the constitution that we have the freedom of , which basically means we print and read whatever we want.
the feeling, or mood, that i think that the author is trying to create is a very grateful mood.
censorship in a way stops the flow of what people learn.
computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes.
the feature of the setting including the conditions, weather, and amount of water can possibly decide the life or death of the cyclist.
in the novel ' ' censorship is one of the main themes of the story.
the use of computers is great for everyone.
she buys the plant in an attempt to get a reminder of her old home.
my heart is filled with joy when i play or watch a hockey match.
without the internet planning vacations would be close to impossible.
a social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see.
that is the fault of the parents.
freedom and equality are its essential concepts.
the first time she bought that plant, it brought back memories of her old home and it showed how much she missed it there.
at home i prayed for his quick recovery and return from the clutches of such non-cooperative hospital staff.
also people can get arrested for what they write online.
everyone was in a hurry.
the child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better.
the choice is yours, which side are you on?
he also says how grateful he is for his parents.
this is wrong to do.
when i was a kid in grade, i read a book far beyond what most graders read.
after all, everyone wishes to be treated kindly, right
imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off.
my conclusion, is that anything and anyone can be offended or offensive.
individuals can show care for the disabled children by spending sometimes with them.
the computer helps the world everyday.
censorship of books should be if a book is not for children keep them away from it.
you name it; they got it.
this shows the increase in effort in strain the terrain caused on the cyclist during his adventure.
i understand that some people do not enjoy electronics but it is up to you to set them straight!
first, staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body.
it would be targeted for more kids that are fourteen years and younger would like.
all libraries have different sections based upon age.
think about all the negative things that could happen.
also if you want to find good hotels you can use the computer for that.
anything offending another race or culture should be taken off the shelves immediately in my opinion.
why take away something that only a few people disagree with?
lastly, why is that everyone time i turn on the radio, there is always a song that is not right for anyone to listen to.
it is all a big chain with many loops.
do you look at your computer differently ?
obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the and it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day!
i have only one answer.
again, that goes back to the problem of kids growing up too fast.
removing a book from the shelf is completely unfair to the other people who visit the library.
the response i got from those people, were unbelievable.
this also be help with reading and understanding big words.
you cannot tell a girl that she needs to be a specific height and a specific weight by a specific time.
could also be good at its points though.
they do not have any worries.
and because he misses so many days a school year he usually keep bad grades.
therefore, the author concludes the story with that certain paragraph because it symbolizes the importance of the flower.
even a child interactions chatting with friends on or , anything could be said.
people would stop listening to that negative garbage.
total censorship is bad.
people miss out of a very good book or movie if it is removed from the shelves due to someone being offended by it.
last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends.
where the cyclist rides can have a huge effect on the cyclist himself.
what would you do if you had something you loved taken away from you?
magazines also offer a source of learning.
on the computer what exercise benefits are you getting?
the own affected the cyclist by dehydrating him so much, which bring me to the next point.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because is symbolizes the hope that things will get better.
serious actions might come from the objects, and later on come from the same child that either listed to, saw it, or looked at it.
interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email.
the kids that typed the composition said it took them around an hour.
some be very offensive but it only shows a past, others just be plain out racist or sexist.
it made me feel like even through hard times people can find the good in things.
there has been a problem with censorship in libraries recently.
in these instances, these violent stories are important for our youth to see and i think that they should not be censored in the library.
feeble protection is never good.
the last reason why computers benefit our society is .
computers are used from leaning or for fun.
computers is one of mans greatest accomplishments.
so the computers have a positive effect on people.
but even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us.
the way computers make you feel is not enjoyable.
the setting was also really hot, so the cyclist had a hard time getting the water he needed to keep going.
you could use your webcam and talk to them and see than like you were in the same room.
people that like and want to listen to that can easily go to that section and pick it out.
in the adult section they have adult books.
the knowledge contained within them unknown.
i have to study hard to become a doctor.
text books, calculators, and even homework are online.
movie contains a profanity every other word, so it seems.
and although these books contain some writing that is offensive now, they still have shaped the culture today.
instead of separating the kids, surprisingly they started quarreling amongst themselves.
but it wont, it will only show them how not to act.
it would be one without direction, where people are left to wonder but never to express or discuss.
computers should be for important things like searching for jobs and other things.
so you should watch out because the computer is the only place you can lie.
and, even if they did children would find a way to get around the restrictions.
teens do talk about their lives so pretty much .
music can talk about stuff that that person done, and make that child want to do it because they might think its cool cause the artist does it.
by using the computer, people are getting less exercise, not enjoying the nature, and not interacting with family or friends.
they want to sell and advertise their product and they have a right to do so.
taking it off the shelves would be taking off those ideas as well.
once that they decide to meet in person with these strangers many things go wrong because not everyone is nice they seem through the internet.
lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online.
all these features of the setting affect him.
second, the material can cause an large altercation between the author and the person who is being offended and maybe others.
bring out on the beach, hiking in the woods or even just sitting on the swing in your backyard can be the most.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
also, connect humans with each from half way across the .
along with books, many movies and magazines are also being taken off of the shelves because of offensive material.
another second one is people maybe addicted.
the scenery can also affect the cyclist.
its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences.
firstly it allows them to type.
why should information and knowledge be with held from people?
also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for.
they also need their kids to know the difference between right and wrong.
it gave me a feeling of perseverance and to not stop striving for what you believe in.
only well-mannered people can become good citizens in the country.
and now, twenty miles into his journey, the cyclist needs to refill some of his water supply.
censoring a book is taking that persons ability to learn about, and understand a certain topic that was censored.
all the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy.
dear , everyone love computers right?
reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?
do you find the show the offensive?
hes excited and ready to take on the adventure of a new path.
censorship can be good or bad, it really depends on how you look at things.
she asked my sister to switch off the transistor.
no one every told him.
so, when you think about banning books just remember that there are other places to get books.
it was very difficult for all three of us to spend that night without our dear mother.
we can see things we would be seeing we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home.
maybe they were being burned because the looked down upon its story and its fictional stories, but that does not mean it should be banned from the libraries.
he always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer?
this is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it not be to another person.
no one is going to have the same interest all the time.
another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping.
artists, authors and publishers release their work to get information out and to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
books can lie about whats about to happen to the world.
almost every person in the world has said or done something wrong, but they learn from it.
they will find out anyways sooner or later.
first and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems.
the television has inappropriate shows on it all the time, yet everyone can have access to it if they chose to.
memories of the past showed her the way and now she is going to retake her drivers test.
games keep us physically fit.
if everyone can help out in the effort to make our libraries and school more censored than all the libraries would be a lot happier places full of adventure
the ability us to get more education.
we have the ability to choose what we want and do not want.
lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker.
the author concludes this story with hope in this sentence.
is a website that allows you to speak to, or send pictures to others.
the mood set in this home is friendly and inviting.
books about murder should also be allowed to be read, but not by children under twelve.
it was a symbol of herself and the hardship she will overcome.
if there are young kids doing this it is obviously a bad thing because it is teaching them wrong things early in there life.
dear local newspaper, are you spending all your precious time on a computer?
some relate to the story completely while others laugh at certain parts that they too remember about their parents.
i hope you will consider my thoughts.
in conclusion, i had agree on the statement and my reasons why was because you wont have fun.
learning about other places is fun.
the author concluded the story with that because she is saying that when the year starts off and starts over, that she will too.
all this does is restrict the public from finding new ideas to compare to and form opinions.
to add insult to injury they often befooled me and made me a target of their jokes.
it approaches the prey stealthily.
i believe that children should have the right to know about some things but not all.
she now loves nature.
the future setting of the paragraph, spring, symbolizes rebirth & another start from the cold, hard winter.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
people spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
his parents never got the jobs they deserved because of the barriers to work for their children.
the biggest thing about censorship is the cover up of reality.
being in that situation and setting i would have given up.
she is showing optimism toward the spring and is willing to face a challenge.
this is something you can not change.
first, he author talks about how her parents give up what ever they had for them.
in brief censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parent responsibilities, media economics, and our constitutional rights.
a book is a form of speech.
bad people are afraid of him.
according to about of teens spend most of their time on an computer.
when people are on computers all day they have less time exercising.
with only a couple of people feeling offensive to some things, but the majority find different, that would ruin for everyone almost.
well then think about it on computer is your only option left.
this could effect peoples education and reading skills.
there are way to many people on computers doing anything you can think of for hours.
computers can be very helpful to students as well as teachers.
these were two of several examples of the setting affecting the cyclist.
the world is not a perfect place by no means.
he found out that white light is made up of seven colours.
i think it would bring us back a couple of ages.
they do not want their children to come in contact with things that might influence their decisions.
so what seems to be offensive to people?
secondly computers help people learn new things.
some families find them useful the have more than one in the household.
while the cyclist was riding it was very hot.
it has helped he get threw some rough and difficult times.
therefore they began to build houses.
everyone has their own opinion and is mine.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
for example, when the road changes from smooth and easy to rolling and full of hills.
you could just look them up online and read them or listen to them off the computer.
my conclusion is that with computer you could have a better life.
this caused the cyclist to become tired because after riding up and down your body gets tired.
another thing that affected the author was that he felt like giving up because the terrain was too harsh.
the author explains how his parents brought him to the united states.
children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays.
lastly, you can use computer to find out about world news.
there was a great joy.
also he is dehydrated because he uses all of his water tend is having to push hard to make it to the next town.
they struggled both personally and financially, braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for their native tropics and facing cultural hardships.
that is why some material should not be taken away.
but i started using my book and started to some of the work on the computer.
putting books on public shelves for the public to read, can very easily cause outbursts and debates between people who have opposite opinions.
they are leaving behind and would do anything to give them better lives.
the authors of books have freedom of speech so yeah some books offend people but if it offends them they should try stay away from that books or magazines.
the computer prevents you from doing all of this fun activities outside.
this happens to many people in their sports.
do you really think computers have a positive affect?
this could lead to loss jobs laziness.
what do you think about it?
the computer is like a addiction.
do you use the internet to help you?
the created by the author of the memoir is warm and inviting.
you can do all this on the computer and more.
all minor adjustments and easy to make.
the setting is in a dessert, which is very hot, there is no water around and usually nobody lives in a dessert.
one example is because he said they where all family to them.
she has built the nest with twigs and leaves.
people stand there and stare at a book and ask themselves, ' in the world is this book here?'
even though you know its not there, but you just looking and you end up finding whatever it is you where looking for.
so practically shes stating once everything come back to life then shell feel like she will pass it next time.
he used to take me in aero plane also.
other articles that have no reason for being offensive should be taken off shelves.
it because the mother showed he how to love people.
the cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers.
this quote, describes the scenery as a place that they tumbleweeds.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
plus, computers also help you stay in touch with friends.
opinion is computers are bad.
thing that is amazing about our country is our freedom of speech and expression!
in the end we never know whats better till we try.
most importantly, with his lack of water in his bottles, all of these characteristics were harmful.
they can do work over the computer look at houses, cars and lots of other important things.
another reason libraries should not be censored is that eventually nothing would be left.
what i think kids should watch or read are movies and books.
offensive materials have no business being in libraries.
communication every where is fast and easy with the computer.
this action can help with sports.
he also saw the grape juice factory and the bait store where he finally found someone else to give him directions.
the computer is very useful when it comes to school.
in the desert it was very hot and because of this the cyclist was sweating a lot and getting dehydrated.
sometimes life can be so cruel.
finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story.
if any word is changed it is a incorrect .
to me, i feel that they teach me some lessons, but, it also depends on what type of movie it is.
some parents not even realize what their teenagers or little children are actually buying.
they give us so many such good things and yet expect nothing in return.
also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more.
you could also play board games, hide and seek, etc.
on this issue, the other readers' opinions on specific books being removed are being significantly overlooked.
they worked hard on writing and publishing their novels, they should be able to show them off.
in this memoir the author created a mood of what it was like in his childhood home.
there are some movies that are just not meant for a younger audience.
imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information?
dear , i think we should have computers for great purposes.
today, japan is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
this is needed, especially in school.
but again goes back to the will power or the want to, to go back and do the test a second time.
if the person spoke fluently in and than he or she could teach you.
it is located at the other end of the library.
a censor would just put a negative aspect to the art and literature of the library.
you can even get a college degree online if you wished.
there are two referees who conduct the match.
she is talking about the hibiscus and the geese.
dear , i would like to notify your business that computers benefit society.
people go to get what they like to watch, read, and listen.
this means that he cant collect any water to drink if he runs out.
your parents will be with you, can possibly be in to the light company.
libraries, they are everywhere and all together they contain millions of books that influence everyone who reads them.
who is it that chooses these items to be taken out of libraries and why should they be the only ones to say what goes and what stays?
dear the daily newspaper crew, i have seen some of your own disagree about using computers.
people believe in many different things and like many different things.
this feeling also adds to the mood because of the appreciation shown.
it is not illegal to have certain types of music, books, movies, etc inside a library.
well you can be done with the hours of looking if you just use a computer, then you can get outside, and play games.
they are everywhere.
you have read my reasons and you have realized what the computer does for the world.
though many novels contain explicit material, there are still numerous amounts that do not.
the setting can affect anything.
he plays different games with me and also helps me with my homework.
we should keep music out so people, like me, who have been inspired, can inspire others.
in fact, , in , , just began using these games as part of their training this .
they always came over and had dinner babysat him and every thing that is why it is love.
if there were rules or guidelines, that would ensure there would still be things to read and listen to in the future.
he was already very fatigued but had to overcome hills.
i cried every night for three weeks.
those are all hobbies most people enjoy doing.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist by him going through obstacles to get to town.
the mood of this memoir was appreciative.
i could be sitting in a chair at my home in , and be having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean!
some might find it offensive and others not.
it made me shiver with cold all the more.
the way this author wrote this memoir, he created multiple moods.
my friends, the answer is nothing.
this last paragraph afters a sudden happy ending to a rather sad story, but gives the reader role knowing the mom character is confident enough to try again.
they left the place they were most in for him.
parents just need to be responsible and look for what their children are looking at , and pay attention to them.
i think we should keep censorship around because it would deny knowledge to people if we did not keep it.
another problem was the condition of the terrain.
but when in not doing my school work talking to my friends online.
being an citizen you have the right to write down whatever you want to write down.
when one is censored, they are essentially giving up the right of freedom of .
the first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute.
whats the point of going on the computers if all your going to do is play games that gets boring to me.
people inhabit them, grow date palms, fruit and vegetable there.
i be angered by what i see.
people have humiliated others on the internet.
but, we need to know whats happening all over the world.
it is a quite easy to find something out, or research a topic using a computer.
also he saw a snake that scared him to death but he passed the snake.
you find a place you go on find good write come down yet of of the computer finish paper get grade that is good feel happy the end.
computers also help me out with homework.
sure, they just want the people protected from certain offensive stuff.
and by doing this we deprive future generations of information that could potentially be useful.
i do believe if there is a certain line of respect of course.
the man continues his quest to know more about the planets.
again, you thought wrong.
censorship is not something to support.
to support a claim like this i will provide evidence.
which will be bring yo my next topic.
she complained to one of the librarians and asked that they please remove them.
you can look at the screen and move your fingers freely.
those are the ways that in this memoir, the mood is very welcoming.
and the way we obtain this knowledge is through media.
this way, no points are deducted for wrong spellings.
this tired him out faster, since going uphill is harder than riding flat terrain.
like it might be a comic book that my say something that someone my take offense to.
now that you have finished reading.
lastly, all books make people more intelligent.
a planet means a wanderer.
or might get yourself killed.
this made him dehydrated and miserable.
no one will ever agree on the same things, but in the end, we need to do what is right for the betterment of our community.
now the needs money to keep books and other items in stock and so they can repair them if necessary.
the bigger kids like in grades should be able to look at the books because it will be word that have heard before.
if keeping the material in libraries means individuals will become offended for very different reasons, let it be organized chaos.
the books sometimes show us a depressing ending of a person who lived a vulgar or criminal life.
it was dry, lifeless and hot the sun was beating on him and he needed to frequently drink water, but he was running out.
home interesting was it!
one example on why this sort of aspect on whether or not inappropriate material should be removed are the comic books called ' tales' or ' the '.
as you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends.
some street beggars are thieves who cheat people and steal their things.
libraries could even consider censoring some of their books.
computers are one of the great inventions we have.
for some books, this can take years.
firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch.
now it be the easiest way but also the most boring, i mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person?
one feature of the setting that effects the cyclist is the heat.
there is no point in hiding the truth from anyone, because no matter what they will find out eventually.
anything from to to country and back can be.
one person lend that book to another, therefore the offensive book is being spread around.
the computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge.
we come to know about their habits, customs, and traditions.
the right they are messing with to me is the right of freedom.
such as, talk to friends, play games, even turn off your lights!
this can improve our travel.
because i only enjoy reading about the romance.
some people be interested in these topics.
books are good to read.
sure one joke can make everyone love you, but when one person is not very fond of you, well that speaks a thousand words.
how this benefits you is because if you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat.
people use computers for work.
in order to get the next town he must encounter some precarious situations including some changes in terrain.
of the time the classic banned books were written some time in the , or the .
if these materials are using offensive language or actions to harm or discriminate against that race then they should be taken off of the shelves.
those are some valid points on why i believe that books, magazines, movies, and etc.
libraries require all sorts of books to make it a qualified library.
brings everything back full circle.
i guess he is just very grateful for his parents, his childhood, everything and everyone he has ever met, had or done in his life.
this shows adapting to and accepting her new life away from her home and her memories.
dear local newspaper, i think computers are great sources.
thirdly, computers could help us advance into the.
but as they keep using it, they start to get addicted.
people seem to always look for a shortcut, including myself.
the computer is a wonderful thing!
she believed that he would try to learn witchcraft.
staying in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers within a click is the easiest way to go!
that choice to look at that magazine, read that book, or listen to that song should be left up to them, not made for them.
or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer.
we soon rushed to the spot in our boat.
she bought herself a flower to cheer herself up.
if books, movies, and music were removed then we would not have a better intelligence than we do now.
instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to drive you to the library.
this is my people should stop being lazy and have some fresh air.
the games teach you different things about history.
yes, books, magazines, movies and music should be left off the shelf if offensive.
the budding of the hibiscus is to her much more than just a flower.
computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also.
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
this is when someone gets bullied online.
if libraries still want to keep certain books in stock, they should start an age limit on those books.
it brings a happy mood.
they are good at students too.
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
but with advancing technology site gets easier, and the gives more time other things.
the hibiscus also symbolizes the power to get through struggling (stay strong).
what do we do now that governments are starting to censor the internet?
another reason why i believe censorship is wrong is; different people have completely different opinions on things.
also, with you can chat with your best friends and can actually see what they are doing.
it can also teach you about tons of other things.
today you can find so many offensive television shows and commercials.
this is one of the main thin people do when they us a computer to research.
as a part of the community libraries should take apart in the well being of the children and not expose them to information earlier than necessary.
i also like to read magazines every once and awhile.
a lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends.
she found comfort with nature after she went and bought a plant.
finally, if we get rid of computers we will be known as a new nation.
dear readers, i believe that spending time on the computer has its pros and cons.
one reason censorship should not be aloud in libraries is the lack of freedom of .
they should have a a good development turds learning.
for example, the other day i logged onto the internet and saw an article about the earthquake in .
people spend all their time on a social net work other then going out and meeting new people.
enjoying the topic or material is optional.
the winter represents an obstacle for the flower, but it will live through it to thrive in the spring.
this site was trebling.
she will be determined to pass the test and fit in sooner or later.
a whopping of internet users use sites like or .
my mother goes twice a week to the market to buy various things.
when riding a bike the features around you can affect the cyclist.
when he come to a rusted water pump black tar oozed out, you can picture the cyclist as furious and anxious and of course thirsty.
i believe that some materials we have in our shelf belongs to basically anybody in the world.
some people have family in another country.
it also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people around the world.
she had failed the driving test.
she persuaded the businessman to give me to her, for a good sum.
it had words that i never heard before, and i got confused.
there are shops for repairing damaged things also.
friend was dumbfounded.
take about minutes to an hour of your day talk to those people you never get to see, do your reach.
newly explain, now they not online and got so close they !
it really close make things go faster.
another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read.
this what i get out as the last paragraph are the story winter hibiscus as what it means to me.
also, if a library does have an age restriction on certain materials, then appropriate acts of discipline should be taken for the viewer of said materials.
society, at least in my native and surely abroad in other democratic countries, dislikes enforced censorship for a few reasons.
information now distributed in the media and other networks can be harmful for some young children to read or be surrounded by, including video games.
for instance, in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit the lack of water in the dry desert gave a long lasting affect on the cyclist.
finally, its addicting some people could good hours and hours on the computer looking up all these videos.
computers for example, are in the eyes of most people, fast, easy and fun, but they also pose as a problem.
one night my little brother came home with a book that he got for the library.
taking away certain reading materials is taking away the chance for a child to learn the things that are actually going on around them.
has this ever happened to you?
in my opinion, it is the fault of the and computers.
if the road is also rough, the biker has to work even harder to push the up the hill.
but, most of all, there are so many cool things you can do on a computer.
if people were less stubborn, they could see more perspectives and become more aware of how others felt.
can you smell the fresh air it flies around?
children learn by watching and observing.
the fact that it was a hot summers day contributed to his hardships.
politics and earned a name as an orator.
if you have a computer or a laptop and you need to find information on something the internet is there.
there is a number of impacts these skills can make.
this is how people use computers to stay in touch.
i many anymore because they spend all of there are so many things to do in life that will bring you enjoyment than playing on the a computers.
what will we begin to predict for the future?
being able to reconnect with someone is very important.
they can see the different types of drugs and learn about them.
cellphones are a everyday tool, we use them to talk with each other of long distant calls pay?
online games will still let you talk to your friends but you can have an avatar you can dress up and be creative with.
computers help teach hand eye coordination.
i personally use these websites weekly.
some people that go online to research stuff are probable being lied to maybe someones just messing with them.
i think the authors mood is, honored, proud, loving, and appreciated.
also what sets the tone is how talks about loving his parents, and how is grateful for them.
remembering the names of the books are not going to come to me, but i know i was so upset by how the book was.
what would taking these types of books off the shelves accomplish?
i hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active.
since the hospital was a private one, the salaries were rather low.
they also make it easier and more fun to make new friends.
do you want a more economically advanced state?
well lets get started!
books offer us as humans so much, from to entertainment to even a form of comfort.
unfortunately, some libraries do have offensive reading material, movies, music, etc.
to this day i have not lost the weight i put on from using the computer, and i am sure others are to.
these hills reduced his stamina greatly.
typing is often faster than writing, and is always easier to read.
in the memoir, the author creates a sort of grateful, appreciative mood.
you do not have to listen the songs or watch these movies.
the reading of this novel can be interpreted to favor my argument, as people lived happily without controversial books.
this is why we need to keep them all up.
opinions of some books and media type materials are biased.
dear readers' the local newspaper, i am almost certain you interact daily with computer.
then once you have thought about it, you will make your own opinion on what that article said.
dear local newspaper, is my belief that people are spending too much time on computers.
these quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit.
the kids will see more nature and be bale to learn more about animals.
many people also speed up their word by using the computer.
the author notes his parents were a huge part of his life, exposing his to his culture, family and friends, and they home.
when all hope is seemingly lost, he finally comes across water, and his unique (but very important) lesson is learned.
but instead he just sit there online everyday eating.
history books about slavery and war were burned because others found the topics offending.
i also think that there are some cons.
on the other hand, i can see why adults would want the books censored.
but florence wanted to be a nurse and got herself trained in a nursing school in germany.
it could hurt children or it could help their ability to grow.
as the fireman burnt books, so ironically the novel was censored.
last example is if your teacher says find the book about the and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one by tomorrow.
are they blaming it on computers?
with computers you can see the , the tropical reef fish or the at the.
what should we do people ask and she says well take away the .
never, will one book bind the world.
this will come off offensive to many men and women.
after they had first moved to the they had a child and that really shows how much unity came into play.
there are some material out there that no one wants a little kid to get a hold of.
the mood of the story is happy.
for example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving.
this is how the author creates the mood in the story.
well are lives without computers can be bad.
in that case, libraries need to crack down on this issue and remove offensive books from the shelves!
when thinking about a topic like this you must look at a greater picture.
when he finally marched back into school, barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer.
you could make plans, or you can talk about upcoming events.
his memoir is all about the love for his parents and his gratitude toward them.
we live in a place with the freedom of speech, but yet that right seems to be fading away.
she is also going to have to relive the memory of her grandmother again and wants to handle it better.
but everything was in a real mess.
the setting of the short cut affected the cyclist in many ways.
personally, i would like to be able to go to my library and pick out a good book.
the truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy.
now with video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually separate you can of from others.
computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school.
i thank them repeatedly.
in conclusion you live a happier life when explore the.
if i was to send a message to some of my friends in through it would take seconds.
spring is also filled with fresh air and gives me inspiration to do good.
is that the right choice?
see photos of - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet.
he sees empty plains, cracked, dry ground, and the hot sun.
face it, everybody needs it!
you are allowed to express your opinion about it but taking it away cause you not like it is wrong to do.
these books have in them people having sex and smoking drugs and their language in theses books are horrifying!
they find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them.
so the past no longer haunts them.
if you are really offended by something the best thing you could do is avoid it.
this paragraph proves she will not give up even after she was forced to live in the united states instead of her home.
some people, think they have made a good impact while others think the opposite.
some people do not like to be bored of the same thing.
in the past, books have been censured by rulers and leaders who thought that the material was harmful.
this gives him hope and reassurance.
the main mood of the story is clearly thankfulness.
there are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well.
for example, the series is offensive to some guys and girls.
this is why they should have labels or at least a description on the back of these products that explain what could cause someone to become upset by it.
all readings, music, or movies that have explicit or uncensored graphics or words should personally have their own section in the library.
computers also help you to work for school.
one reason why i believe that should stay on the shelves.
if they limit the selling of these items to minors, these children will not have as many crimes all together.
would ruin the economy.
there is never an agreement when two people have a different look on something.
there are many reasons these things should be censured and in this paper i am going to explain why they should be censured.
for adults they use it for work.
in fifth grade i had to do this really hard project.
if i had a story to tell and i spent a long time working on it.
as soon as the cyclist gained information about which way to go, he set off through tall, cool pines.
just how the hibiscus reminded her of home life, the geese will remind her of springtime.
my second reason compute give people ability to learn about faraway places and people.
using a computer helped hand eye coordination.
therefore the nature of where his bike passed, and the things he saw affected his choices and ability.
then, you had to wait at least weeks before your pen pal wrote back.
the employee pointed her towards the flower.
this child is not choosing to read such bad things but just so happens to stumble upon it.
computers do not do that for us at all.
lastly you are able to find lots of information quickly and easily.
and it is listened to, not read.
a third mood in this memoir is compassion and dedication.
for example: breaking in homes, killing people, and high sacking cars.
having separate adult and children sections could solve this problem.
happened to using books and films as simple entertainment?
as you can see having all these great websites leads into a problem with kids.
the class teacher was a kind lady.
since the cyclist is getting worn out he needs to drink more and more water.
i just think that people should write for the pure joy of it, not to persuade people to do something bad,or give bad thoughts or ideas.
newton made many other discoveries.
computers are all needed just for those reasons.
the internet also gives you the advantage to shop online.
these hills also exhaust the cyclist and cause him to need more water.
for older kids, there are many games that can play.
it wont even phase anyone anymore.
therefore, i believe computers have a great effect on peoples life.
if a kid picks up a book about sex, which i highly doubt would be on a library shelf, what would they say to their parents?
people go to the library to find certain types of material.
this all brings up one of the worlds greatest questions.
that is what i think the mood created by the author was.
libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing.
many young kids these days are watching , they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it .
believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books.
therefore, i hope you like my letter and enjoy my opinion.
there been a recent study that says of people are inside doing nothing all day!
by putting the adult books section by the check out place, an employee at the library could easily find any small children wandering into that section.
the clown in a circus show plays an important role.
imagine walking into a library where the shelves are empty.
he entertains the people.
they also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all.
education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers.
just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number.
its a good way to relax.
nobody wants to read lies, do they?
also in censorship we would be exterminating our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves.
if people could only read certain literature that someone else is deciding whether or not it is okay to read, then where is their freedom?
where would we be without a computer to help?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
who knows, maybe at this time in years, will be run by computer.
this is only one of the reasons why i agree with the use of computers.
is this really worth losing your friends and even your health ?
well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here.
it is one of the amendments in the ' of ', known as freedom of speech.
not only those but, people are still interacting with others.
the mood of the memoir by is love and compassion for his parents.
is different, and nobody has the right to tell them what exactly is right or wrong, up to a certain point.
no matter what the book talks about a student can learn from that book.
in conclusion, the mood the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
when you go into a library, or book store, you already have and idea of you are looking for.
in this phrase she shows a growing acceptance and even an affection for her new homeland.
let our not repeat itself.
you see alcohol everywhere and kids are doing it at a young age because movies, music, books, etc.
people also make and keep in touch with great friends through the .
and at first they struggled but they knew that there was hope and happiness in the near future.
overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist with his train of thought.
belongings can show a lot about a person just as much as actions or words.
before my school closes for christmas vacations, i give gifts and cards to my friends and teachers.
it has given atom bombs, hydrogen bombs, tanks, missiles, etc.
labels such as or are set to prove that the following is open for general audiences with and without parental supervision.
she should be strong and follow the flow of life.
this shows that she really is adjusting to her new home, and has hope for when spring comes, and the geese return, and hibiscus bloom.
they would be able to read the whole thing with no problems.
kids might get picked.
cadets and the scouts gave a salute to the chief guest.
kids and as adults have a big imagination that could sometimes hurt others as well as family members.
the hibiscus shows it with its budding stage.
instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job.
computer help you out with projects and i think everyone should have one too.
but you can highlight the important.
in this essay i will describe to you why i think this way.
but some people are against it, like me.
basically, i think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs.
it be against some religions to read inappropriate materials.
lastly, computers make life less stressful.
if the things that are in the book are true or are in real life.
after in done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back.
there are things like books that talk about sex.
seven years later he was able to send radio signal halfway around the world.
these magazines and books could also be seen as informing.
his music is just i of his life.
not and old one because it can breakdown.
on the other hand, they have no right to tell their neighbors what and what not their children can see.
things that are offensive for some people are just fine for other people.
he needs to use more energy to get over the hills.
lastly, is that you wont be spending any time with your family or friends.
dear, i strongly believe that computers are great.
on the other hand is a conservative.
going outside is very important to your health.
that is exactly what i said to my brother after he had read the front cover of a magazine in the library one afternoon.
i have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you.
the snow melting away represents all the hardship she faced in the previous year.
to do assignments for a job or school.
they all are there for a reason.
lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research.
other people might see it the other way and they can.
websites made entirely for those interesting a particular culture can also prove helpful.
not very often, or that i have ever seen, do the authors make a book to just to put someone down.
i think that censorship in libraries and book stores is a good thing.
one great option that computers have is the option to communicate with others.
, a concerned parent at .
but nothing that i found offensive personally.
i hope after reading this you will agree with my position.
there is things like sex songs.
people these days though.
you can use this method for almost anywhere you want to go.
this would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world.
he kept going though the heat was outrageous and dehydration beginning to overcome him.
i know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them.
at this point she has an epiphany, and realizes that life is like seasons.
the scorching sun and the extreme heat had made life unbearable.
the computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it.
sure we have a right to remove that book but there are a lot things that are going to offend people.
this setting affected the character mood.
for being on the computer , not exercising could.
i think this mood is happiness.
we all use them for communication, entertainment, and knowledge.
if you go on the computer you can get all of these names and items for less than compared to %.
but the parents did make it to the united states.
i would say that is pretty enlightening.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i also know computers can or will help people all around the world.
then you add the fact that there is not really any towns and he is a blazing heat with little water.
to always look at the map.
older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack.
if something was removed from the shelf at a library, because someone found it offensive, i would be disturbed.
if it is hot and you have lots of hills it makes it hard.
the mood of love and care is incorporated into the memories of her childhood, beginning from the time she was born.
there are many controversies on whether computes benefit or do not benefit society.
also the hills became so big he crested the first couple until the sign jumped out saying rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
did you ever miss the newest episode of your favorite show?
sometimes authors go into extensive detail to get their point across or have a book with very mature content in them.
she missed being home so much because nothing was the same.
there are certain sections in the library.
in this case, people would not come to the library anymore because they cannot read what they enjoy reading or find interesting.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much.
this made the cyclist doubt the old timers directions.
the author shows a willingness to try harder in this story.
a good example of this is the popular internet video site, .
there are many different selections in reading, for example, adventure, mystery, comedy, or love stories.
also the cyclist had no water as none of the fountains were cold water.
you can write a visual letter to one of your friends.
simply because adults do have the right to view these materials.
i think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world.
if someone got offended by what they read, they could put the book down just as fast as they picked it up.
map tools says there has never been a flaw in their system.
i think the censorship of some movies, magazines, and especially music should be highly discussed, and more strict.
computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you have missed as if you was absent.
they make it so family and friends do not come to see you.
well that is your opinion because, if a biology teacher seen a book like that then they might want to check it out.
i completely agree with those people who think computers have a negative effect on us today.
for starter, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
talking about girls in disrespectful ways in music can offend girls and listeners.
computers are a great source of entertainment.
i could go on for hours listing at the different types.
there are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely.
often times, a student can look at his or her own morals and values, which is a good thing.
the mood the author created in the memoir is united, caring, loving and more.
she used to foot awkward and out of places.
the libraries are public for a reason.
anyone who can sacrifice like that for the better life of their family is a good person.
some other books, though, are meant for educational use and not meant to offend anyone.
then there is the distance of his ride.
instead of making a really big poster board for project, i made a power point instead that was so much easier.
just about any domain name on the web.
there are just to many people in this world and i have read articles about libraries.
dear newspaper: you really think computers are that good?
the technology abilities help us with tasks every day.
books, manuscripts, and other forms of literature should not be taken off the shelves even if they are disturbing or offensive.
firstly, computers help teach hand eye coordination.
they also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled.
no, because them books or materials is not for everybody to look at.
it is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing!
by censoring books in libraries throughout , millions of children are being denied the chance to learn.
he saw a building coming up, but it was just an old wore down factory.
and its something that would have to be done.
so now that you read this i hope i got my point out to you, about what a computer can do to you in the end.
no matter how offensive or wrong some be, it is their work and their time, and their heart and soul which they put into a book.
books in libraries are wrote for multiple kinds of people.
work data and they help of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company.
the computer has helped mankind with various discoveries about our world.
the more on their computers, the less exercise they get and less fresh air.
is very important to have interactions with people.
this shows the generosity of his parents and the author is trying to create a loving mood.
in every book you pick up today, you could look through it and find a offensive language or offensive gestures in it.
i could make that he said.
you can tell by the way she knew what her gift was.
when you research online, the information literally comes to you.
but these days, he can find out anything.
we all should be able to read or see, what we want to, and not what others think we should.
that is where my opinion will start, and tell why it is that way.
we should not take books off the selves because of some people like to read.
give them what they want.
it also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate.
as i was reading the book, it said some very mean and offensive things about the people.
expressing what you think about a certain topic.
censoring books not only limits self expression but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right of free speech.
having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers.
the computer is bad for you, so you should stop and think about what i wrote in this persuasive letter.
i remember a story of a girl who took her own life because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother.
now being in my shoes how do you think that felt for me?
so, its now or never.
as a whole computers have a huge impart on our countries technical skills.
those things are great if you want to show pictures from a vacation or talk to a friend in a different country.
using a computer can also more life easier.
when your in school, you need to type lots of prompts, labs, and vocab.
i think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often.
the author of the of and the of .
another thing its commonly used for is just flat out entertainment.
that is completely understandable.
computers have made information a breeze and everyone loves how simple it is!
on the computer you can talk to your friends & family, but sometimes people are on so much that in real life relationships fail.
i would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people.
the determination pushes him to keep going further and further.
how will someone know what to expect or what to do?
i firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive.
some of the most loving families are not related.
should books that are offensive be removed from library shelves?
should we have censorship in our libraries?
in the end the books that are on the shelf are the choice of the library because they are the people that purchase the books.
that allows them to publish whatever they have to say in a novel, a piece of music, or in a movie.
they had such fine dishes while i was forced to take bitter pills, milk and a little porridge.
are some rare examples.
why would they take anything off the shelf?
the last reason is the snake that slowed him down.
almost everyone is effected by computers in some sort of way.
and then there is the content of what you are viewing.
many people have family and friends that live far away from them.
i think computers are good though.
some people enjoy reading and listening to that kind of music.
not being able to see a real relationship.
then you have to stay up later to finish.
are growing fast they are meant in be active and playful and without any active sport like dancing nor basketball they are going to grow big.
here are my points to consider.
doing everyone a favor.
they communicate there more than they could without computers.
you can see how their doing or what their doing and still have a good time.
if you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on or other sites and find any song you want to hear.
so next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard of the bookshelf!
there are many different opinions in modern society and due to the differences in beliefs and ideas, at times people will disagree.
the soldier is a fighter.
another reason the author could be that he wanted to lighten the mood up a little bit.
overall it was a good way to conclude the paragraph.
when libraries pull books, magazines, movies, and music off of their shelves it takes away that right.
they will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way.
for example, is a helpful website to learn who they really were in life, were they fight in a war.
the cyclist describes the land when he says, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight.
in the story, winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with the paragraph for a few reasons.
do people take offensive books serious.
content that you might think is offensive, is the content that really helps the reader understand the book better.
no i do not think that books and other materials should be taken off the shelves of a library if someone thinks its offensive.
the author concludes with this paragraph because it fits along with a lot of the story and sums it up well.
the word breezy shows that the cyclist can enjoy riding the bike because there is a breeze.
in games including, of , , etc.
plus your fingers get a exercise when your typing.
it could be twice a year or more a month or whatever is picked as long as there is one day or even more than can exercise on.
for example the heat was a major issue the cyclist had to face.
i remember when i was about , our phone broke in our house.
for example, a student has been assigned a report on a piece of classical literature.
planting the flower is a representation of adaptation, since they have moved to a new land.
i never get tired of all the pictures, all the gossip, and all the jokes at the end.
over of the families in our town own at least one computer.
they put the super skinny model in a barely there bikini.
rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing.
if people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online.
another thing computers are used i for as learning.
how do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time.
these materials are made to entertain someone, some are entertained by offensive material.
maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to.
or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
obviously, will do much more harm than good.
your friends are dust as important as your friends they both make you laugh.
when we read, we find books that are to our own enjoyment, we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our heads.
putting my learning to a stop.
to this day my parents still make sure the movies we pick are appropriate.
i believe that libraries should not have censorship.
they will not be able to change that person by taking out offensive movies or books.
instead of removing why not just move them to an + section of the library.
in addition to learning about new things the internet allows you to friends.
it is really hot which would cause him to drink a lot more water.
overall the story had a happy mood to it showing love, kindness, and what a family should be like
i return home at two p.m. and then take my lunch.
there has been incidents where that person did something illegal and then had to face the harsh consequences for that action.
it tasted like battery acid.
lastly you can plan your trip.
there are some people who collect butterflies as a body.
many people find certain books, music, or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young reads.
reduced social interacting and skills also result.
personally i believe that items that are found offensive should be left on the book shelves.
she will never know unless they meet us somewhere.
that he was thirsty and had holes.
instead of going to such drastic measures to shield your child from them, but to simply not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music.
in that case we could not send aid to the area.
in no way, shape, or form is this morally correct.
so when you back a vacation on the internet you know it will be a good one.
there was no place even to stand properly.
one example is my cousin.
so do computers really benefit to our society?
for example like in the book ' of the ' is an allegory.
people are very easily moved by any form of information, song and story alike.
trees are valuable natural resource.
dear , advances in technology and computers is a bad thing.
no matter if books are real or fake they create stories that interest people.
he was in the desert, which is dry and hot.
what appear to be justified in their minds, due to their beliefs, might cause an uproar from others.
his cycling could be compared to the climbers who were lost in the snow storm in .
when a young child walks into a library, they would expect to find a book with color, action, pictures, etc.
and do nothing except the computer.
thus our outlook is widened.
in a library you have the right to have an open mind.
computers can be used just for fun too.
no one has the right to censor anyone else.
he could just on the computer and play a game of soccer even though he has a broken leg.
when all they have to do is do not get the book, think that others might like it, or remember they are there for the readers entertainment.
he tries to save what little water he has left for time when he really needs it.
the author obviously had a purpose to write the novel, compose the music, or to deliver the movie.
so my point is that you know and i know that their are music out there that is very offensive and some books that are.
dear local newspaper, i support the advances in technology, and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
all of these tiresome commercials.
our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard.
the setting in this story was hot and filled with rolling hills.
they get to live in a house then .
censorship to a book is like chocolate cake without the chocolate, its taking away the value and fun out of education.
i choose this saying because it shows you if they are able to come back after everything that has happen she can to.
the geese will have returned to their home means that she will find a place to call home in this place one day.
this is how i feel about this subject.
if a parent gives a child unlimited access to material at a library, then the child should be able to explore wherever their curiosity takes them.
although, there are other things that can be found in the library as well.
if you will please continue on i would like to share with you my thoughts.
here is another reason why the computer is great for society.
computers hold the world at your finger lips.
the offensive things should be taken off the shelves.
every time he thought he was saved he was put down again by that fact.
therefore the market place is an important centre in the town.
everyone is different though, we have all have a different view on things and we all are unique.
so many people are addicted to it.
secondly, there are people like me who are not offended at all from these books, music, and movies.
it could also let them communicate.
he describes in exhaust how hard his journey is getting.
it is more effective just to go to a local or to work out.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist a lot.
i hope that you will too.
take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books.
if you wanted to you could ask math questions as well, such as what is the square root of pi, and what is .
this shows how important the hibiscus was to her.
if we all could get rid of what we wanted in a library, there would be nothing left.
for example, you can search online and they just have pictures food.
school one of many students least favorite activities, yet you can use the internet to help you out, !
dear , you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction?
in the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them.
to you it be offensive, but to others its hilarious.
do you now see that nature can be helpful?
with some offensive things comes a reasoning like in history books and movies that contain a few bad words but are used to get a point or setting across.
those advances have shaped our lives, and made everything much easier.
when he sees the sign, it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
newspapers publish articles, titbits, and many other things.
online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen.
my reason is you never know what could happen on the computer.
if offensive books are taken down where else will they go, they are still going to be offensive somewhere else.
this is just one reason i support computers.
the features of the setting greatly impacted the cyclist.
some argue that the artists and authors still have the right to express themselves, but they are expressing material that is to risque or graphic to promote.
there is a choice in the question paper.
that sounds pretty simple to me!
it is the right of the individuals who birthed and raise these kids to determine how they are guided.
in conclusion, the setting played a major role in the story.
computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places.
although they were sad i also felt that they were happy.
this is just another great use of computers.
they communicate with each other with using sounds like clicks and whistles.
dear , i think computers are a great tool for everyone if they use it right.
libraries is a place where all sorts of literature comes together in one place where it can be seen and read by those who admire literature.
therefore, computers help us all in some little way and makes life easier and more fun.
some people do go to the library an not find what there looking for.
everyday, the teachers would give an update over his computer.
take, for example, the .
you could send an email and save the paper.
being able to put down anything on paper that you want everyone to know about is the to write.
actors and actresses have a large influence on many teenagers and children.
the is unsafe and pointless.
to click on something, you need to move the mouse while still looking at the screen.
in some cases, cuss words are good for a story.
a lot of the music these days can be very inappropriate, especially rap music.
a and final reason i think it is a happy mood is because of the way he speaks of his family.
when the spring comes, she will bud with the flower and take the test again.
what can you do to change?
he is also my neighbor.
libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs.
if i owned a public , i would have rooms devoted to books that are for different age groups.
we cannot, as with rights, employ a system of censorship
also most younger kids that go there are always with an adult.
my grades started to go down, i stopped interacting with my friends and family, and trouble on things.
a computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera.
and being that he is on a bike rough roads are not very good for him.
i believe that having computers are a very good thing.
the three main moods where grateful, loving, and happy
it would make things was easier and faster to find the book of your selection
emailing helps things go faster as well as your computers.
but your savior has arrived!
knowing that others have already successfully passed.
eye protection is important.
many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that can be considered offensive.
also online games are for and enjoying also.
by removing certain materials out of libraries would cause reader attention to why their being removed.
and how all culture just came together as great solidarity and friendship doubt to when overt racism was norm and segregation prevailed in united .
obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect.
i think that movies, and magazines should be censured to kids at the library.
now this sounds like it just lazy but it is something nice to do for a distraction to other things.
her mother replies with a you what?
kids like me that normally have a long rough day at school like to come home and rest with some nice game on the computer.
some of them are not supposed to be looked at until an older age.
it keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn.
she was able to make a connection with the plant.
it can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one.
they came selflessly, as many immigrants do, to give their children a better life.
parents of the children that have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are , they should just take the computer away.
someone else is enjoying the book and the song could be what another person looks forward to everyday.
also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places.
i feel that however possible, you should always talk to people in person and not through cameras and wires.
also, it helps people do work.
in the very beginning of his journey he came across a ghost town.
in the story it says that she failed her test and then she bought a plant that reminded her of her old life.
i mean its just a book it dose not really matter.
computers, believe it or not, are on easy and way to maintain contact with far away people.
i am not in any way against reading books, rather i am quite on the contrary.
he has two pet dogs.
what is you method of learning?
it is an efficient way to study or find information for school.
the internet can take you to just about any thing that you would ever want to go to.
kids need to learn how to read different kinds of stories.
a few months ago, i put a message on the message board on the website which said i would be on vacation for a week.
so to remove one particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or finds interest in a particular subject.
thank you for your time in reading this letter
computers make it easy to communicate.
therefore, people are happy, librarians happy, and most of all you are happy.
computers help out with finding out what the weather is and everything you need to no.
he is a true friend and a sincere guide to the students.
dear , do people benefit from the use of computers.
some good ways to spend time with your family is to play games together, go on a walk, or even go to a bike ride together.
the material being taken off the shelves should be put back on the shelves for the readers who find the material entertaining.
another way of preventing water pollution is to build cleaning treatment plants in factories.
the amazing things a computer could do!
he respected his parents and loved them for everything they have done for him.
we the people are the ones that want these books, movies, magazines, and music.
computers can allow you to learn new things and search up anything you want to know.
should be censored and removed from a library if found offensive.
this means the cyclist is going to put forth more energy to make it up these hills.
kids can get by with watching them without anyone saying anything.
set it up for only your friends to see.
that is their freedom of speech.
all they had to do me!
he would live on, telling people not to listen to old men.
among the myriad of resourceful materials provided by libraries are book, movies, and magazines.
every place that he passed by was a new experienced for life.
plus i know a lot people who feel the same way.
but out of my likes i have five on the top.
when a cyclist goes over hills it takes more energy due to the laws of gravity.
i think the computer is a great of learning.
but continued to move on.
in libraries i feel like its the librarians who are the cause for letting children read offensive books.
the problem is, that with all of this and knowledge, there are young minds that are not yet ready to soak it all up.
the authors concludes that in the paragraph.
henceforth, i believe that computers serve a positive advancement in technology and its effect on people are rather great.
well there are ways to do that too.
recently i was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for a process that would take a human weeks.
some teachers burden the students with holiday homework.
i hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today.
i think they could put stuff in there about drug or alcohol perhaps but not go in depth, but keep it at a bare minimum.
this means that he or she was very hot and dehydrated.
in conclusion, the mood of this passage is grateful.
this is a huge problem!
that mean that there were a happy and friendly family.
it would be unjust to stop advancing in this technological wonder.
we are very lucky to have a good neighbor.
every local library or school library should be taking action in doing this for their community.
at first the cyclist had seemed really confident and excited about his journey.
he sold me to an air-force officer.
from the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down.
well, here is what i think of certain books or anything else that contains reading that are being taking off the shelves.
to conclude, computers contribute to society in ways that make it much better for everyone.
though, many people might go against it.
libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction.
comments such as these in books can mold a young mind into thinking name calling is appropriate.
dear newspaper, in think that computers are not good for the society.
the thankful mood he displays makes the story more meaningful.
but with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device?
it was an adult book and want into vivid detail about the relationship of a sexually active older couple.
she thought that maybe i would think what i see on is not a bad thing .
sometimes people save money because they buy something online a sale than going to a store and paying anymore money.
in this day in age the technology era has begin and typing is a necessity.
they both do the same things.
knowing your running low of water to feel sorry for himself the cyclist had biked so far the terrain started to change from flat to rolling hills.
computers have dramatically changed lives forever.
they help you learn and even help with hard life situations.
chats rooms are cool to.
they are useful because they tell us about the world.
for instance, last month i sprained my ankle and i stayed home from school for one day.
books and stories are meant to push the mark of what has been written and what can be written.
they cannot take offense to what we have to say, because worse has been said about them than what we can possibly put in a book.
we need pictures, information, and it must be neat.
all in all libraries should not censor books or any kind of reading material.
people all around the world are trying to teach their kids what to say and what not to say.
one big problem with magazines is that they write down what they hear and what they want to hear, not always knowing the full story.
i would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public.
this ensures that kids can not check out bad or offensive materials without parental consent.
there is only the problems it is abandoned.
because it costs so much money to pay for international cellphone service, my dad could not call using his cell phone.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
this line describes the mood as extremely loving and touching because he is showing how much love he dedicates to his parents for the life he lived.
plus, the research i have found is just as accurate as a book from a library.
he is also trying to say that there is no way to express his emotions and love to his parents.
now need on so can all up.
he is looked after by his parents.
so, computers can be your news paper and a good and fast way of communication.
there were many features in the setting of this bike race that affected the cyclist.
if we continue to take books off of the shelves then eventually there will be nothing to read.
another thing is that when he ran out of water there was no snakes warmers just desert so he started to become very thirsty.
so many people rely on technology to get through there life.
cyclist are used to riding on smooth, paved roads.
my opinions bring me to believe that there are two sides to this story too.
what would we do without them?
my first, reason i think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs.
other peoples parents feel the same way.
some people have little sense of knowledge not to do the things that the movies, or songs say to do.
what if a group of adults enjoyed a movie that someone else thought was disturbing?
music is the same way.
is not offensive the whole way through.
so you see computers are not that bad.
this lowers his confidence, especially because everything is deserted and if he has a heat stroke no one would he around to find him.
from the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day.
financial, and body problems, like people do.
the main thing that computers are great for is research.
but how were they put to use has little evidence.
they can also rent hotels movies and games.
whether it is because it helps people get their work done.
i reach school at eight in the morning and attend my classes.
i believe it should all be up to the individual to chose what they should do with what offend others.
censorship to most people means much more than the average syllable word.
we have not even seen half of what media can do
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
my third reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination.
i wish everyone would do the same.
the mood in this memoir is very strong.
this can help many people who are working most of the day, because they can get their degree in their.
man is a social animal.
when he sees the corral and the rusty pumps, he becomes discouraged and begins to notice his tiredness and thirst.
the author ends with this promise or commitment because it shows hope and determination.
also he is running out of water.
people might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out.
media that used to only be found on the shelves is now displayed online, which can never be permanently removed from public view.
people needs computers to look for a job.
then everyone can help stop people taking things away from the community that makes them happy.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect.
dear , technology such as computer is proven to have a positive effect on people.
dear to this concern, computers do a whole lot now of days.
some people feel that having particular material displayed on shelves of libraries is rather offensive to specific individuals.
if you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up.
i also have many friends.
in the grocery shops people can buy grains, rice lentils and spices.
if they feel that it will not be appropriate for some, then they could give a suggestion to censor it.
this will help us later on in life also.
after reading this essay, i hope you realized that computers are bad for you in various ways.
there are a number of windows in the post office.
the reason why it is so popular paper want to talk to friends that they enjoy talking too.
if you run out of energy while cycling, you have nothing.
they have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your house, even if you have to stay at home.
the first one is that there a lot of violence and debauchery in tv films, even in cartoons.
computers can also entertain you.
he started getting desperate for water, so he drank out of this hot water hole.
just recently there been earthquakes in and you can spread the news to family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need.
some things just need to be left in the past and kept there.
now can not type out, and still do all his other homework.
trust me, i got addicted to a game before.
this is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research.
also, the learn important facts about places and people.
computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in.
no, because it used the words in a very nonviolent way.
finally, my last reason is because people are spending less time interacting with family ans friends.
suggest that certain material not only be impacting children and teens, but adults are highly affected as well.
they also solve geographic problems.
the mood created in the memoir, i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
another way was being the long distance and bad terrain slowing him down.
he is going on a journey on his bike.
the mood of the in the article is like kind of happiness and , relax, and grateful.
dear , i that computers has benefits to society.
if you have a computer, then that is great.
you can chat with all your friends at once.
wow imagine living without a computer!
and education are essential, especially now; the more you learn, the better salary you get.
one can basically find anything there.
it was just because the time era and it was also because he was black.
i hope i pass my driving test the first time just like i did the learners permit test.
one morning, clouds gathered in the sky.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
also, when he said that everyone in the neighborhood despite there customs came together in friendship.
even if you and call some one they not be home or answer.
i am ready to study and work hard to fulfill my dream of flying high among the stars.
anything put onto paper is legal.
go read a book to find out.
f was in sixth grade i needed glasses because i was addicted to computer for so long and my eyes got damaged.
i believe that the author concludes the story like this to show a sense of continuation in life.
he is greatly affected by the heat and was so tired he wanted to make sure the building was not an illusion.
the computer makes work and studying fast and simple.
this is really bad because you were on the computer.
computers educate people about places all over the world.
does it even matter what the owner wants to sell?
the text states, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
my personal view is that i think it wrong to have those kind of books at the library.
then, his lack of water caused him a dehydrated state.
make sure that you talk to your child about what is right and wrong.
the authors chose of the ending paragraph is very important.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in this story.
students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work.
so by taking those books off the shelf those people would not have any way of researching those materials and therefore they would get upset and complain.
it all happened in no time.
the purpose of the music is not to bring the attention of offensive material to the listeners.
if the items are in a public library they should be kept in a separate area for those who wish to view them.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you to talk about the effect computers have on people.
she still needs time for this, as the flowers needs time to plant its roots into the ground.
all these ways and more that computers have impacted us.
it did this because some of its included feature can seem as actual metaphorically based moods.
no, i would not think it would be the right thing to do.
computers have helped catch law enforcement for a little bit more than years.
reading is the fundamental basis for each and every school subject.
nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world.
this is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing.
and by doing this it will help me on my project or essay.
my mother’s name is anita.
i know some of the music that is being played can deprive the feelings of others.
all of these things in the setting affected the cyclist.
books provide facts and more reliable information than what you can hear from people.
i agree with you on this article.
he was then taken for an examination by the bone-specialist.
explicit material is available everywhere you look.
to the editor of the , i am writing to state my opinion as to whether computers benefit or harm society.
in conclusion, this is why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
this could not of made his ride easier.
the author did a fantastic job at creating a sense of love and comfort while telling his story.
just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild?
if the sun does not rice we
this truth being stated, censorship in libraries should be stopped before every book is gone.
and how much she loves them.
my hold opinion on computers is.
i believe she thought she could pass the test when the flower was blooming and reminded her of home.
the setting of a place puts pressure of the reality of what will happen on a cyclist.
the setting affected the cyclist because the terrain you ride on can determine how you ride.
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home?
many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but i believe that enhances .
in the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win.
exercise, hike, swim and bike.
it is proven that people too to fifteen years old spend an average of - hours of their free time on a computer.
on the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go.
computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong.
you know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer.
we turned around and saw a little boy struggling in the pool.
i believe they will be in all of our homes.
computers are everywhere you can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone.
my last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them.
the main problem is water, or lack there of.
i remember when my cousin moved away.
one could understand both sides of the coin here but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books.
you can even communication with friends.
many parents or young adults believe that movies being are a good thing.
that is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer.
it makes them happy.
in conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers.
i do not believe that books, regardless if one person deems them offensive, should be removed from the shelf that they have been placed on.
they can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them.
people get addicted to them everyday.
if one is offended by a certain material, all they simply must do, is not look at it.
computers help educate people, too.
this is not a very good addiction to get into.
you the, even uses computers to write your articles for the paper.
you can almost search anything on the computer.
there are now several ways to talk to friends, phones, texting, instant messaging, and even video chat!
therefore i believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good.
computers have recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or .
some say that you should just use a phone but you could use video chat on the internet.
so i think that she is saying that she is not ready for the test and when she does get ready then that is when she will take it.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
this idea relates to my first idea, but i will speak some of it again.
the hibiscus symbolizes all this
if all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done.
throughout this memoir there was moods of caring, loving, grateful, & happiness.
it just depends in what ways censoring is used.
we began video taping a posting.
when you enter a library or a book store of course you will find that you like and dislike.
the carpenter’s job is not easy.
i keep in touch with her on .
different subjects offend different people.
even the magazines have things that are just way too inappropriate for some people.
the hills and rocks would make it much harder to to stay strong and be able to keep riding.
nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times.
since students rely on their computers so much then always on them.
there were vivid flashes of lightning.
his family teach him lots of stuff that why now is have been the basis of his life.
that idea is a seed and we can either choose to water that seed and let it grow or cause it to die out.
another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their .
in the passage do not exceed posted speed limit the deserts feature did not have any positive affects on the cyclist.
if you removed offensive material from libraries then i guess you would have to shut down the internet as well.
some parents can prevent it from happening.
i loved to listen to music from artists like , , , , , , and so on.
it the same time the hibiscus plant reminded her that her new home is another new beginning.
if kids parents complain then at lest you can say that its all in one room and no kids aloud.
next he rides past a rough road ahead sign; not the most encouraging thing on his journey.
in addition, the geese returning symbolizes a new beginning.
that i could drop from heat stroke.
in conclusion, i disagree with the fact that certain materials should get removed off shelves if felt to be offense.
for example, when he showed the map to the old people their only going to know the old short cuts not the new ones.
at the age of sixteen then usually kids are fine on there own they know what to expect.
tall steep hills are a difficult climb, but your a living house the luxurious most to cool.
those are some reasons that explain the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
a benefit is bicycles are much lighter and allow roads to last much longer than with heavy vehicle traffic.
i would go on the computer and get all the information i need.
furthermore, later in the sentence the narrator make a reference to the old men, giving the blame entirely to them for them suggesting the path.
computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much.
the sweat dropping down him is just speeding up his dehydration.
for example or use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay.
at the end of the day you still get to teach them not to lesson or do that kind of stuff in the books.
dear editor, computers are good for people because it really helps with they work and home work and other stuff.
so do you believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
statistics show that more than of people on earth use search engine to find something on the computer.
it is to the community, doing what everyone else is doing and not being different, this scares people.
the computer has plenty information about a lot of different places in the world.
there is a movie out now that is rated and is extremely scary.
using things like , , , and video chat.
my point is if something comes off the shelf is should return to its rightful spot or otherwise their will be consequences and people will not be trusted much longer
everyone has different tastes, not only in food, but in every other part of their lives as well.
then bad days started.
that is why the author ended the story in this way.
i sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter.
minds of human beings are too complexly separated.
times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet.
keeping all the materials like books, music, movies, etc is a way to appeal for everyone.
try not to get involved with any online games being in a nationwide disease.
many types of books, magazines, music, movies, and much more have been banned from being put on the shelves of libraries because of their content.
they allow people to easily stay informed on world news.
like being able to communicate with your friends.
it is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb
but too much censorship can become a bad thing.
also because he was in the desert he had no sense of direction.
the mother says, ???
so he drank from his water bottles frequently.
the setting affects the biker in many ways.
even though she has failed her drivers test.
in the end he did make it and all it was worth it.
the reasons why be people would be less active, people will not interact well & people enjoy nature.
she is now out of the box, and in a whole new world.
my final reason in this letter of why i don' like over using computers is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends.
people should give every type of music at least a try and not always doubt what they hear about what people say about that type of music.
movies should stay in a movie store of at the movie theater.
they split the white sunlight into its basic colours.
children everywhere are being influenced by books, magazines, movies, and even songs.
this goes back to the debate of what exactly should be censored.
you have to look at it from their view.
books should be something that each person should have a choice in.
with the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand.
this prosperity has been possible using hard work.
students do research in libraries for research projects and essays.
we used to have about .
i know i would feel bad.
do you want students all ages to participate in researching on the machine they favor most?
they give you details on why to visit it and a fair price.
my first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on.
also, when the story says that the town had been abandoned.
we could not do anything without our dear mother.
without the computer, families who live far away from each other can talk with a push of a button.
the cyclist is mostly affected by his lack of water.
many teachers direct their students online learning purposes.
also they cut communication with your family making it rare to truly bond with them.
this book is one of my top five favorite books, and i could not check it out of the library because it was banned.
also, many websites offer special deals for shopping online so you can even money.
a life with out computers is a lot harder to do things, that we cant make simpler with computers
the land around the cyclist not only victimized his heath but also caused a poor way to spend a vacation.
lastly the known, word!
another misfortune that the author explains is the touring changing.
censorship in libraries would take away from people some historical readings, because of nude statues and the way they talked.
on my last birthday, my father gifted me a toy plane.
it also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine.
time is a big thing which many don' realize.
the word serenity gives the affect of calm and peace.
without books, movies, and music, what would the world be like today?
that is why computers are good and we need them.
it should be clear that computers are a danger to society.
one strong example of this is how he expresses his parents.
if the government enforces the censorship law, people can not say what they want to or how they truly feel about a subject.
many of them watch these sport on tv, and many buy tickets to their gems and matches.
on showing people their recent jobs.
but why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library?
this showed that the family was still in the country they were in now but before was good too.
censorship would lead to just like in '.
each person should be able to make a decision depending on what they believe.
i understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too.
if the parents are scared of there children being able to rent these things, they need to put some sort of block on them.
it might create a certain image.
we have gospel , jazz, &, and etc that many people enjoy listing to.
how would you like it if someone was putting down your religion?
because of the great variety of opinions and concept of respect, everyone must be heard.
i think that they can help people with what they need.
talking to family members can do good for you in many ways.
out of all the things that need to be censored the library is not one of them.
social life , you could have with all the people you are also will them.
i already know the answer.
did you know that of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family.
some items are not appropriate for everyone though.
in a public library, many children, who the books are censored for, are with their parents.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that there is an ongoing debate about the issue stating that not everyone agrees that computers benefit society.
i support computers, and their advancement.
he states several times how grateful he is of his parents for them to move to the for him as well as making his house feel like a home.
and because you can go on at all hours of the day, kids can get bullied at any time.
if we start giving up these small freedoms then those taking them from us will not stop.
it would be a great experience for anybody to read this book so even if it is censored where you live, go buy it and read it anyway.
you not want kids or others to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming.
i have, and while i was on the computer i could have been outside enjoying nature.
a lower selection of books means less people have a reason to go there.
in western countries, people know the value of punctuality.
its your choice but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you.
a healthy person has a lot of advantages over an unhealthy and physically unfit person.
, computers have great effects that are positive towards people.
is there one at your house?
the tells the public what we can and cannot watch on television and what we can and cannot listen to on the radio.
so the author is trying to show that despite the girls sadness she will not give up.
i think you should take my ideas into consideration and publish them for everyone.
money be the most vital thing in our society right now.
to me it is so comforting because it is such a happy memoir, where these two young people invite other people over their house all the time.
how many of you have ever heard any offensive language?
it has become near that computers have become along part of peoples lives.
finally, computers keep the brain active.
i was shocked and embarrassed.
when these people see you on the computer, kind of example does it set?
my imaginary friend is a user in my imagination.
the author chooses to end this story like this for many reasons.
in the , modern day , did just that.
i think the library is perfect just the way it is.
i think computers are good to have because most are portable, there fun to have, and you could research a lot of things on them.
he is also admiring the things they went through such as leaving behind their families, and careers in the country they loved.
here, he creates a mood of warmth, and a very family oriented upbringing, all positively.
they can teach us about things.
if your work is typed then your work is neater and more understandable.
many adults say that our world has changed so much from the time when they were younger.
its also good for the kids too.
in our modern day people spend to time on computers.
people kill others or themselves because people gossiped about them online.
the cyclist is dehydrated and is getting worse because he has no protection from the sun.
he also states a road sign rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
everyone wants to be healthy.
then he came to a rough road.
this vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much.
it have bad language in it and a bad theme to it.
there are various kinds of dogs, such as german shepherd, alsatian, and pomeranians etc.
books are always important , even though i do not like to read that often i still like to read books that interest me.
in the the people are given many rights that are often taken for granted.
the censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed.
the freedom of press is the means by which they share their ideas and concepts with the world.
all new ways to communicate with people.
the heat has a major part of his dehydration during the bike ride.
i believe that it would be wrong to strip those of what they find interesting what they enjoy to read or watch and listen to.
everyone should be able to read, research, or watch anything they want at a library.
when you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car.
as a student at , i have found that computers are vital in everyday assignments.
try to memorize the schedule.
in the afternoon, we were all hungry and tired.
you depend on your computer to teach you about the world, you should cease this use.
the materials children see and hear is up to parents.
other children could show the book to other peers.
that is just too much.
computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors shapes and sizes.
i believe they greatly benefit society.
to the past stressed because i never had a to just relax and think about things i computer doing something or homework.
have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy?
the hibiscus reminds her of home because at her home there are similar plants.
another car with red and blue stripes was following close behind.
flat land is much easier for a cyclist to pedal on.
of all that i have observed, i have found similar things as my experiences.
libraries and all types of media should not be censored.
but it was her choice to pick up the book and read it.
the air is fresh and free of dust and smoke.
you could always because it is always better to make new friends.
based on the memoir the mood created by the author in the memoir was filled with lots of love and satisfaction.
people have a right to choose what books they want to read, what movies they want to watch, and what music they want to listen to.
typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read.
will she pass the test?
in my opinion, i think that people should not spend so much time on the computer for several reasons.
they make you a well-disciplined person who obeys the leader and the rules.
our own words forced down our throats, never allowed to come out.
this tells our children that it is okay to do these things, when it is the exact opposite.
there should not be censorship in libraries.
in this world, diversity exists everywhere.
if a person wants to check out a book that is offensive, they should be allowed to check it out and read it.
and see nature its beauty?
teens got to talk to each other, make new friends, and post what they want.
so, computers are very popular, in many areas computers are helpful in news, communication, and entertainment.
so, society needs to put a strict rule on what libraries carry and what they do not.
who would want to sit back and watch a raciest movie?
it also make the person feel violated and offended.
the tumbleweeds that cross his path add to the desperation.
so in theory, libraries should not have to take their materials off of their shelves just to satisfy parents.
computers also get you hurt or if you buy on be careful.
dear local newspaper, i am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers.
before you know it will have to know how to work a computer.
it mostly educates it.
newspaper will no longer be thrown at your front porch.
even teachers go to the library to study or to even get books, or maybe get books for there grand kids or there kids.
some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people not see eye to eye about other religions.
are of children who are addicted to computers.
all the settings in the story also help him not to give up but keep on going.
this was the mood created by the author in the memoir.
i am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
these are reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime.
first off, people have an option of looking at those things on the shelves or on the internet.
the author creates the mood as happy and gratefulness.
students who are young, usually get to learn to type.
this is not what i want to happen though.
also, you can talk and interact with family that does not live with you or is not with you in the moment.
final reason is online dating.
in conclusion, computers are wonderful machines.
as the night grew it became colder.
not just that but, you can find at how much something is at a store and if it is on sale or not.
doctors show that of people that spend time more than hours a day on a computer have glasses or have a very poor vision.
that is how it should go.
that one second’s care, might have won him a prize.
there is a reason why things are , , and .
he almost had a heat stroke a few times.
some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences.
dehydration is when your body begins to shut down due to lack of water.
my future is now very uncertain.
lastly, finding information, is so easy with a .
also, many people have important information on a computer.
this just adds onto the fact getting the exercise is important to stay healthy.
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit adds drama into the story by how it affects the cyclist.
first the rolling hills make it hard to pedal over the land.
with some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish.
with the technology and all the other things, children are more vulnerable to these harsh words and actions.
whatever it be called, book banning or censorship, it is a negative thing and should not be a part of our public library systems.
whatever the cause be they have the right to expose their children to anything they see appropriate.
you could be going to new place around the world.
i just feel that some magazines should be censored.
if your not going to find a book there, why go to the library anymore?
millions of books were burned and hundreds, if not thousands of writers were executed for conveying opinions in their work that conflicted with the ideas of their government.
, we have the laptop which is a portable computer we can take anywhere.
they say that the cons outweigh the pros.
then you can look up another place online that has the same features but it be way closer then going to each year.
first many people, actually of the worlds population are generally stationary, and line in a local town or city environments.
this short cut turned out to be a nightmare.
i believe people have different views about things.
we are supposed to be able to say anything we want to say.
so, consider liking computers.
he loves his parents and loves that house that they turned into a home.
the is a book of understanding and knowledge.
or maybe a local gym?
it was a big change for them to be in a one room apartment to a room apartment.
but if your an adult you should be able to read, listen, or watch whatever you want to.
they are either black or green in colour.
where someone else reads the same thing and feels terrible.
she wants to start over.
my third and final reason why advance in tech.
some people might not like action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of those movies.
do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you.
well guess what they do of all, movies that have stuff to deal with sexual relationships.
finally, you can type your essay on the computer.
my point is tons of people all around the world computers to learn.
on the computer all the time can make you forget to spend time with your friends and family.
the heat he was facing would cause tiredness and dehydration.
computers are very helpful to us and improves everything about the way we live.
while your at it, plant some flowers in your garden.
in addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease!
() this shows the happy times they had together.
this is the effect of library censorship.
but the most important part of using a computer is to enjoy it, and have fun!
that includes the variety of things humans are interested in.
i know that there is always something that pulls you back in.
if i wanted to go to a far away place like .
the obstacle being a long cropping hill, this made the cyclist exhausted, as he uses much energy to summer the hell, he was ???
again the settings affected the cyclist by tempting him.
good thing that he is taking water or who knows if he would of survived or not.
having these programs helps kids stay in touch with friends that moved away.
dear , in my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people.
dear local news paper, computers are powerful machines in our world.
that is one reason why you begun to be way to you go just stay home and just play games online.
computer presents to kids through.
fictional books are meant to fill the mind of whoever reads them with tales and mental images of a story created by the author.
that the parent has to sign before that says, ' child can see or hear the materials being displayed.'
you could do something quite like draw a nice picture.
another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run.
substitute other objects or ideas with this, if one person in the world was offended by another person would you just remove them from the human race?
there would be more to do.
finally, a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better.
people use music to express feelings.
or tag or just running around?
a lot can be learned from books and without books there can not and will not be knowledge that is spread for future generations to come.
he recommends that people use their computers less computers are doing more.
and nothing is better then spending your time outside.
so this is the first reason read the next on.
kids have been caught looking at porn, buying illegal drugs, hacking into systems and other criminal type things.
computers can help with that!
the features of the setting effect the cyclist is many different ways.
my advise to libraries, keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area, away from younger people who react strongly.
the final benefit of a computer is the fact you can know about world news in a flash.
for example, instant messaging.
my final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy.
the school playground also becomes alive with the students.
instead of endlessly searching through phone books you can just type in their name and you bound to find somewhere on the internet.
this would be a clear failure to uphold the rights of the citizens.
for example: : want to go ride bikes?
the things that i would find offensive would be racial discrimination, gender discrimination, or religious discrimination.
for example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card.
when i get home, i start using the online text book for my math class.
there are kids who play them so much, all they think about is killing, guns, and war.
back then people used computers mostly for work.
your friends important them.
i opened up the internet and typed in in and i found out that i got a on the report.
it was uncalled for to begin with.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
in conclusion i temperatures where level and it was flat land he could go further with less water supply.
the people behind these pictures and profiles not be who you think they are.
and the main character, who is a cyclist and is doing a lot of physical activity, is a going to sweat a lots.
computers also do the same thing for music.
computers could also help us with our every day life.
so that is my input on the situation.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist in the story.
the cyclist thought of him dying and the birds picking him clean, because he thought he would die because dehydration.
the only way they communicate is through online chat.
this is a reason i wish censorship was in our local libraries.
in conclusion even though he had to go through all that doubt he was going to be alive in the end he still went on and tried.
then we have the knowledge portion of the issue.
no one should ever walk out a library with the feeling of being offended.
in our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes.
you can just open a chat window and talk away, just like that.
the games keep me company.
if you still read the book it could help you change your mind on the topic.
therefore it is their responsibility to put books into the library and take books out.
there would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe.
i believe books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
one reason is that the author is trying to say that she is going to overcome the obstacle (the test) no matter what.
when she says the test she means the ability to cope with the loss of her grandmother and homeland, and overcome it.
a sport or hanging out.
our beliefs, life styles, way of thinking, culture, and the list goes on.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents' endurance to come to .
libraries in i am going to write a persuasive essay about what i think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive thing in the book.
if you ban books , more likely than not, your favorite book would get banned.
the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke caused me to laugh, ().
with a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days your life.
even though computers are great for fun, working and learning are much easier online.
i read a book that was about some one killing cats and i found that offensive because i love cats i would never hurt them.
and there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics.
some kids might not even read any more because you took the best books out of the library.
keep children in a safe, innocent environment
children have to learn these things some time in their life and i think the earlier they learn the less trouble it will cause them later in life.
woman and are the same no matter what people say.
i think the mood created by the author was gratefulness towards his parents.
the author makes the trip to a fishing camp and survives.
my final reason why spending to much time on the computer is bad is that your not enjoying nature.
the mood of this story was very comfortable and very, very loving.
first, there was the fact of time.
the older sister is to busy looking for her own book.
well i will tell you what would happen to all would end appointment would giving you things you already got.
which i find really weird because things like that are going to happen in life.
how times do you use the computer in one day?
we want to keep your children away from the bad things
there is an abundance of media that contains no explicit content or sexual material and we are given warnings as to what contains and does not contain this material.
there are so many forms of chat on the internet; , , etc.
all this cyclist could hope for was the blessing of a water refill and the shade of a puffy cloud.
if you speak out against a powerful figure, you go to jail.
but, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, i feel, have impacted us the most.
in the case of children, careful censorship is necessary for healthy development.
i think the author ends the story with this paragraph for many reasons.
the internet allows a more elaborate final draft.
should there be computers in are society.
it shows kids that not everything is perfect.
his family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas.
it will make students including myself better people by not learning of the things we hear about or watch.
example i have a project in and i have to learn and search about forensic doctor and i search everything on the computer.
then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were.
this would result in a in high grades.
things can fly over your head and you might not notice them.
a computer can help you very much in this type of case.
they are situated throughout the library for children, adults, and teens.
lastly, computers allow people to chat with other people.
we need more good things to influence our children.
people can stay away from those areas that they find offensive.
the cyclist has to watch out for a rough road he was going over.
millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers.
if a teacher gives this book to a grader they would not understand the full potential it hold for the learning of it.
dear local newspaper editor, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea.
i think that people are not going to have a hard time quitting to use their computer.
when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know.
so to conclusion everyone has a right to their own opinion, no matter if it is offensive or not.
in this memoir the mood created by the author is gratefulness, happiness and unity.
there is a point to be proven or a side story to be shared within most books.
she knows that with the help of the hibiscus plant, that she will pass the test.
he states memories of his child that made him happy.
doing such the phone would be very expensive.
he lives in a small cottage near the market.
they should have a section just for that kind of music.
clearly, the features of the setting did greatly impact the cyclist.
there is also a nice bakery shop just outside the market.
burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundations of the human mind.
people have a right to unmolested knowledge and censoring libraries is a direct violation of that right.
remember that they are very good places to go to for information, to get books, or just to go somewhere quite.
you can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting.
the author wanted to impart this on the reader since it is an important lesson to know.
well rap music is based on their past and how their life is.
she was very offended.
the settings affect the cyclist in more than one way.
dear and of the i think that computers are a good thing to use.
that also show how the author was pushing to make the mood grateful.
censorship actively and violently violates that right.
of you eating an not exercising, because your worried about the computer.
it improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school.
the easiest way of this was talking over.
the reason the author was inspired was because of the flower.
he actually thought he might die.
some children go to the library without adult supervision and have freedom to check out whatever book they want.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist for many readers after another.
truth be told children hear so much harmful things from everywhere and anywhere.
you know says that over of people will never go in nature they get a computer.
when the cyclist arrives at some rusty pumps, he decided to check it out and see if there is any water.
this is where computers come in.
her baby sitter became her first friend.
out of of kids agree with science teacher .
there is absolutely no exercise involved with being on your computer.
this is what the mood was in the memoir of was portrayed as.
everyone has their own opinion, as do i, and i believe it should be allowed.
those same books transform lives, and are read to improve their understanding of something.
this might cause his emotion break down to make his energy to loss.
jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face.
computers can help with that.
the library should keep certain books at the library such as the bible and collage books.
well the can solve both of those problems and more!
that is why should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outside to.
their only son was prince rahul
it goes the other way, too: one person thinks is good, another think is bad.
then you have magazines.
the features in the story affect the cyclist by not having anything to drink.
we get newspapers early in the morning.
also it ends on a good note, if was like i stayed up in my crying that would not be good ending.
i know i use the web to with almost every project i have.
with very little water.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to emphasize her new found determination to overcome her obstacles.
people are not leaving their house and not getting active.
my third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people.
, computers seriously social skills and personal relationships.
if you are looking at this story and thinking that would never happen to me, your wrong.
also they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
in paragraph two, the author talks about the simple house that his parents made a home.
censoring can have good and bad qualities.
i believe that whatever is put into the media has a purpose.
that also shows how grateful the author is.
a new mother lost her kid last while eating lunch at a park.
too much time on computer.
last up can talk online.
computers update you on world news.
computers are a giant step into new technology.
most of then will help you learn about the subject and then you have time to finish it and hang out with your friends.
a computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds.
kids not know what is bad from good, but you still have teenagers.
i wonder if some books on endangered species of fish.
hey, some people even work from home.
moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world!
there is no more need to search for hours through biographies.
learn about plant and the effect they have on life.
but last sunday was different.
i understand that books and other material offend certain people, but it might not offend others.
when our friend or relative is sick we wait for the postman.
i actually think that the government should not tolerate parents whining and complaining about the content of different materials.
without technology things would be so much harder.
later on, his parents come home to see their son acting out of the ordinary.
he was so happy that he wanted to kiss the owners of the camp.
people go to a to learn and there are so many tools that can be used to teach them.
is a subject too graphic for students?
books, music and movies are all important, specially to kids.
computers help people with anything they need.
my skills on choosing books for myself has changed since i was or .
for all you know, the magazine could have gotten the young adult or scientist one step closer to finding the cure for cancer.
although this movie is about historical events, it still needs to be taken off the shelves, in opinion.
i believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research.
the traffic moved very slowly.
lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online.
next reason is because people that are on computers tend to get .
is this a bad thing?
some books, depending on the teacher, have what some would consider offensive language and topics.
the same thing could be said for these materials in the library.
then i went to the bookstall.
people think computers cost too much, but you find them for they almost any price range.
example imagine having to do your research using only books, but you live far a library.
items are only offensive to certain people.
what if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal?
the child’s relationship with the teacher determines the grade and academics of the student.
read ahead and discover why i think computers are great.
finally, unity is found in the mood.
nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer.
going back to research, what about for solving crimes?
another thing is that you can do much more with out being on the computer all day long.
traffic came to a standstill.
the library is not liable for the feelings of the readers.
that is the business, finding talent where it is seldom found.
it is really all up to the person, they could either make the right choice or the wrong choice.
people could use the computer to learn about anything or everything.
many different races take interest in new books to learn new ways.
book tend to be censored and even banned at schools.
this solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them.
the thing that most affected him was the lack of water.
which i doubt it is.
computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide.
one must actually be outside, experiencing the feel, the smell, and even the taste of nature.
people should be aware of some of the content in books.
adults and kids spend to much time on online pages.
therefore they are getting barely any work done.
this is because these games are so absorbing.
i think that would be unfair to do that.
heart disease is caused by obesity.
computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too.
when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication?
if you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer.
some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be.
also you take your car and go out into a morning drive feel the breeze.
dear , people have computers, and people use them.
it is a persons own right to see certain things that are offensive if they choose to do so.
of people say they would love to look at beautiful places in the world.
i think by her being remind of her homeland would help her take the test easier because she will be more happy.
i wish they would not ,but they feel the need to take things off the shelves if so.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to let the reader compare the girl to the geese and the hibiscus.
if a mute person wants to get a point out, they should be able to do so by writing.
one way society can take care of this problem is setting age limits on books.
in conclusion, this is the reason the author concluded the paragraph with this sentence.
finally, computer allow one to talk online.
i think that computers are great.
the world would lose too much history in getting rid of offensive books.
it just makes you think about your family and all they do for you.
she decided when it will spring with hibiscus budding she will start her new life by giving the test again and providing her self how important hibiscus
in history many things are considered offensive.
, computers are so advanced were you can talk to friends who are faraway.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
computers are good for everyone in this world.
dear newspaper, do you feel about computers?
if he had been traveling in the , for example, he have been more comfortable.
more information, the better the grade.
the setting in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit is used as an important for character development.
you could even read a book too.
i just think that computers are ruining the life of many people.
in conclusion i believe that every individual has their opinion and own way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive.
and last but not least.
if a certain topic is banned for being discovered as a offensive topic then this will result in the thought being banned.
from things such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
books can be kept from kids if hidden well enough, but movies and music can not be hidden in the same manner.
one setting feature is the rolling of steep hills.
my third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it.
the cyclists attitude changed depending upon whether the setting was very beneficial to him or not.
this basically means that with all the love and care his parents had toward him and his neighbors, created a great place to live.
because of that, there should be no restrictions in the public libraries, and you should be able to get the books or movies you want.
i have noticed in my school alone, that it is a rapidly growing problem.
another reason why internet use should be cut down because bullies, hacker, and terrorists.
the cyclist is running out of water and he is the middle of the dessert.
luckily, there is light at the end of this tunnel.
i thought this because even though they moved from the place they loved they have one thing that made them feel at home.
but if everyone were to start thinking like this all morals would be forgotten.
these words and actions we try to censor are not going away.
love is all around this house.
without it, our family would not be able to function.
lastly, if you are on the computer too often it could affect your eyes.
this is one reason why our public library should not have rated movies.
then the bottom level should be the children level.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is a very calm mood.
the plant helps the mother try and stay positive and it also helps the mother by trying to do the right thing for her daughter.
this extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, , they enjoy nature much less.
learning benefits a grade in school or in work.
there are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world.
i was standing in the balcony of my house.
they use them to much these for people can stop going to gyms and get over weight.
the fact is that people cannot exist without strife and misery, and whatever people can do to cause that strife and misery, they will.
if you do not like the book do not have to get the book.
it sounded like everyone worked together there and helped each other out.
when it comes to chatting websites such as , there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it.
the person who wants in banned should have to tell everyone why and stuff.
in against it and ill you why.
what he was saying was he was grateful to his parents for what they did for him so that makes me feel thankful for my parents.
aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders.
these type of stories are important for our culture to prevent any misconceptions we have or try to prevent them from a young age by shocking the reader.
you say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article.
libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people.
he was an italian inventor.
lastly, computers help the communicate with one another.
we as a whole need computers to do daily life things, without be able to go online, or save files we would be lost!
sometime, someone have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home.
but i do think that it is offensive to people that have young children and there children are reading it .
on the other hand, somebody else could be perfectly fine with it.
the purpose of a library is to provide the people who go to the library a resource.
you would go on the computer, look up directions to and print it out.
the cyclist goes through many natural settings that affect him.
we are all special; and we all think differently.
now we could be talking about at the very least.
so then again you have to have parents permission for that to!
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
she is somewhat hard of hearing.
i found that quite ridiculous when i heard about it.
this lets people explore the world and do anything.
once you give something to the internet it is lost forever.
people become more lazier because of the many things you could do with it.
the author had so much admiration of his parents strength and perseverance.
my second reason is that, computers has games kids play.
i checked it out and after the first paragraph i wanted to throw up.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
they are the ones in charge of the kids.
when someone is dehydrated but has no water, they are desperate to find some.
if we do take away all the offensive materials we should take away everything.
if people really do have a hard time with some of the material that is on display, they should not even pick it up to begin with.
computers help people study, learn, and even talk to other people.
no book should be removed because someone find it offensive.
the author chooses to end the story with this paragraph to get across the theme of acceptance and determination.
computers offer of games for to play.
you can go on the internet, play games and even talk with people.
magazines, movies, books, etc.
think about how someone really likes that.
the kids could see something they think is really neat on the and then go out and try that.
the main reason i disagree with having vulgar things on the shelves is because of young children.
a library is a place for everyone.
the only on that this has happened to out of people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this.
the only problem with this solution is the economic expenses.
the trails he was directed to had no towns or sources of fresh, drinkable water for days.
censorship on libraries.
you do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites.
some say that the computers are good for the society.
i can see these questions flying through heads of great people.
i study in cambridge school which is one of the best schools in london.
feeling lazy, she sits down.
he had a very warm tone when he talks about how much love there was in his house.
plus, all she had was a map, her bike and an empty water bottle.
the kinds of music people listen to.
there are many verses and songs written about their beauty an innocence.
reading different types of literature a terrific way of learning and library shelves should be stripped of the books occupying the space.
but his parents stood strong in those hard times.
it is a key item when someone is looking to travel.
first it started off with the large hills he had to ride up, making him work harder and tire himself out quickly.
the computer has a lot to do with that.
they will see it eventually.
public items such as televisions, radios, magazines, and even books have wriggled their way into our not so perfect world.
she knew that if the hibiscus could survive the winter, she could survive living somewhere new.
the features of the setting greatly affect this cyclist.
computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm.
people have rights to pick up a book if they want to or not.
there is music and magazines too.
when you sit at a computer than eventually you are going to make yourself sick and in some cases die if you were up that late.
no matter how much computer do they be but it is kids getting bigger and bigger all because they long.
i vehemently believe that everyone should own this device.
he explains how his parents started their lives entirely over in , and needed to take whatever work they could find.
other people are upset because they think the libraries are offending their culture or way of life.
it us helps us look up facts or recent news quickly.
in the evening he returns home.
in my opinion, i believe that if the only purpose of it is to read it then it should be in a library.
the store can not take the books off the shelf if one person is offended by the book.
it is okay to be on a computer for twenty minutes, to a half an hour.
and so what, its their time and they want to spend it on the computer.
it is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer.
we make new friends.
this reminds me of my cousin .
that could be a good and a bad thing.
thank you for your time !
many people can say they have.
the computer saves us time and money to do these things.
the computer enables people to stay entertained, and relaxed when needed.
when ever has a few bad things being said ever effected how or what people read a days.
there are certain things in life that you cannot control, and being insulted or offended is one of them.
magazines are like books in away.
as you can see this is a ability and can be a big help when you need to know something fast.
it has been amazing how computers help us so much.
for example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you money when you could text, chat voice for free?
computers provide better and faster communication.
for example, movies can be a comedy, mystery, or adventure.
computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us.
if they actually took this up with higher authorities.
teens learn to type to make life easier.
with all of these reasons, i hope you see why computers are beneficial to society.
you have a choice there.
there are a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religion.
as a result reader perceive a very rich and passionate mood while reading the memoir.
i believe that no book should be denied of this right.
knowing there is a creature like that, there is bound to be more.
the author is merely taking advantage of their freedom of speech.
another is a connection of her past experiences.
computers need to be used to do most jobs in .
my third and final reason to why using the internet is good is that it effects everyday life, in a good way.
also the internet will more than likely have all of the information that is just as offensive.
i know that i would try to contact them on the computer.
now he just a nobody.
a lot of children use the library.
there could be many reasons why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
what does an offensive book look like?
through a recent study, out of families in say they have relatives that are far away.
there goes all the time you could have been doing something good, wasted because of the computer.
censoring is something that i strongly believe in.
when a train arrives, there is a lot of noise and confusion.
did you know that at least an hour exercise is needed everyday?
they say that for people to talk online with other people.
most libraries i have been to have different areas for each age group.
that dose not mean though it should be taken away.
even though it includes how they used to be into drugs as a teenager.
she has a long tail.
you can your job and talk to the people you need to talk to.
another advancement computer technology has developed is picture sharing.
censorship of said materials will effectively undermine both of these rights.
she is obviously upset because the plant reminds her of home.
computers are making this happen.
dear local newspaper, i strongly believe that computers have a great and beneficial affect on society.
it would be virtually impossible to remove all aspects of media that could be found offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something.
some people write books and songs to express themselves or make money.
it would make him loose hope and the determination to keep going to find destination.
punctuality is a must for anyone who wants to save his time.
do you have ant friends?
because of the ghost town and the old pump he had to continue on.
then he came to a fork in the road and was running out of water.
some people think that people spend too much time on the computer and not enough time outside.
we can chat with our friends, which is very useful.
we need to have the same aspect on life.
as she reaches home she is greeted by her mother.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is emotional.
this shows that by always going on the you hurt your academic skills.
there is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise.
was happy with his decision as well.
makes any task difficult because the sun drains a persons energy.
on the other hand public libraries are under state and city law they should not be able to show adult things to children.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a very happy, loving, content mood.
now as you can you see computers really can change your life.
censorship violates freedom of being different.
not only that but don' you think typing is faster than writing?
it can be found offensive at time.
her gentle grandmother?
if your on the computer for hr.
when something happens overseas the first way we found out about it is a computer.
the local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
very little of baby movies, and baby music.
people who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free.
computers help us do all of that.
also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can make the lab report better!
the cyclist ran into rough settings on the way to park.
it was where i learned the real definition of family.
the city had no idea that this was going to happen, they were clueless to the war that was going on around them everyday!
each materials brings enjoyment to different people.
remembers his child hood fondly in his memoir about his home in new jersey.
when she teachers she explains lessons in a simple manner.
can teenagers handle that kind of language and sexuality in a responsible way?
a small closed off room in a library should be sufficient to contain all the books deemed crude.
it can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it.
so, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life.
i would hate to live like that, and i hate to live like that, and i know my peers would agree.
it shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands.
i agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising.
million of information is found on the internet.
i feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past.
of course, this could effect a child in a negative way.
lastly, it helps you to interact with other students when not in school.
they can be down right mean some times.
they say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses.
dear , i, agree that computers are benefits society.
the final way is to download something where they can send instant messages to people all over the world.
at the end of the essay winter hibiscus by ho, it ends in a positive manner.
my third and final reason is that when people use the computer there.
those are the features that affected the cyclist in the story.
finally, society needs to back away from their computers, and stop into.
the features of the setting affect of the cyclist because the setting changed so drastically.
not in the house on the computer.
from my personal experience i always do spring cleaning because i want to begin fresh.
or you could ask yourself, what does it really solve?
it helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs.
the theme of the story is that you can get used to a new environment by finding beauty in it and similarities to your old home.
it is also very opening.
who can tell you what you think is offensive or not?
whatever, you undertake to do, put in effort and do it to the best of your ability”
later, these children will be able to chose for themselves they think is acceptable, and the censorship can end.
people could then read these comments before checking out that item.
if you have a child who likes to run up the phone bill because they like to talk to their friends just tell them to use a computer!
i think it has a positive affect.
what one man considers offensive another man considers to be life changing.
this was an obstacle that he had to overcome.
another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families.
like at the first town he still has confidence in what they told him.
it shows the mood of how he loves his house.
that is his or her own personal opinion, and what i believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to.
to sum up the full idea of this position; every person should be given the choice to read what he or she desires.
but he was a poor student.
of our children play video games .
i feel that each book, movie, and magazine has at least one thing that a person can find offensive.
censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read, watch, and listen to.
you can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better.
its not right and its not fair.
she has four kittens.
this affected the cyclist by making him tired.
without a post office, life would become dull.
there are also websites called online databases on the internet.
lord buddha was one of the greatest religious teachers who ever lived in the world.
computers are a waste of money.
a large number of people came to see the fair.
others find the book to be inspirational and uplifting, and taking the option of reading it away from the person is wrong.
the setting affects him and tricks him into believing he is going to die.
so as you can see i highly disagree with the overuse of computers.
the environment is a hostile one for a cyclist.
not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places.
the computer teacher people
in these we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous.
in twenty miles he saw camp ??
have you ever been lost?
you can make website and you can watch movie and show online.
more than of the population computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced.
a fresh start with the drivers test.
computers have only become faster and.
i think people under twenty should not be aloud to check out movies or music.
now that is in shape for any sport plays.
the cyclist is lost, has only found dirty water, and is moving on rough ground.
computers can also be addicting.
computers can but promote bad habits.
you guys can talk about a lot of different things.
all in all, library censorship is very weak.
thirdly, i believe computer is a positive effects far away relative.
i believe that they are a good thing in our lives and have made a drastic, but great impact.
also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades doing so.
why would anyone waste their time reading it.'
another way this mood of happiness is portrayed is through his writing about people coming together.
the author also shows how close their family is.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
he also talked about his loving neighborhood, and not blood related families.
the butterflies make our home-gardens beautiful and help in the pollination of flowers.
post offices are found in every city, town, and village.
time consuming computers, are taking away family time from many family these days.
you can be able to type well and very fast after a while and improve your eye sight by reading your writing or notes for a paper.
this summer, i took swimming classes with my friends.
its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country.
they give me great joy.
so have kids stay away from offensive materials.
it all comes down to who reads the book or magazine, and who listens to the music.
you would have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it.
anyone can use the library, and it is a valuable resource to many people.
if everyone in this world opened their mind people would become more accepting of others.
people should be shown respect and allowed to have some privacy in there life.
, people need to interact with real people.
a recent polls shows that that average person from ages spreads over two hours on the computer each day!
for instance i check out book every week and return the i checked out the same day i go to get a new .
a farmer lives a simple life.
he thought that he was going to die.
i know this from personal experience.
from the text it read there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
many books that have been banned are great books that can have an effect on someones life.
loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health.
yet that is just me.
in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
i say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and make money.
to concern: i have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
when you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in.
he might learn tips from the magazine, or find some new gear that he thinks could be useful.
parents could be outside.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist more than anything in the reading of rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speeding limit.
the settings elements, greatly effect the cyclist in this story.
you ask yourself why?
they even give smiles to others.
the topic of censorship is a very touchy subject to start with.
censoring certain things a library would not be that good of an idea.
also did you know you can send videos or even pictures of stuff to friends or family.
the computer games in handy almost all the time.
if you were an author, would you think it would be fair for someone to have your creation taken off the shelves because it offended someone?
the question is, do you want people to refrain from using computers?
i hope you can see why computers can be good for people.
one of the many things a computer can help you with is keeping in touch with family members of friends that live far away.
he has to go through a lot of bad things just to finish.
the setting also made the cyclist thirsty because of the extreme heat.
they get on an they stay on forever.
it would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie.
statistics show that more than of have gained weight due to not exercising and their grades have dropped on grading scale.
that sort of crushed my reading spirit and i really never wanted to go and check out a book by myself any more.
i say a new begging because in the text, it says,
the opinion of one person should not effect materials being able to be on a shelf or not.
in addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have.
if censorship were to take place, the library would no longer be a place to enjoy.
the author is happy, remembering memories, which are not unhappy or unpleasant.
music, however, can not be censored.
libraries should put on the shelf what people write, so that others enjoy them.
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive.
offensive materials can have big effects on children younger than at least ten years of age.
i believe people would get upset if they would banned the stuff they love.
also it is just flat out a waste time when you could be outside playing a game.
it is basically part of our human nature.
they are intended for people of all ages.
she is taking it to prove to herself no one else.
the quote means the mood of the community is kind and helping.
with the internet, that project can get done a lot faster just by typing whatever you need to know.
computer change not only the body, but mind.
anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be.
reason is because their grades get low.
it would just depend on what offends people and what would make them offended.
if books and or materials are removed from the shelves, that can hide so much useful information that people could gain.
there could be many different meanings of this paragraph that could have importance to the story.
another is when the author says she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly fading to the distance.
these have been some moods in this story.
the features of the setting taunt the cyclist with cruel irony.
for example, whenever i walk into public places i hardly every see children just running around especially in libraries.
, enjoy nature live life the way it needs to.
another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers.
what would there be to read?
in the , many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on.
in this quote, the cyclist realizes his isolation, and begins to become more determined to reach his destination.
we should censor things but only with an extent and not go over board with it.
students develop the qualities of self-help in a hotel.
on the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list.
just as they are today in our local library
and i believe if it is offensive it should be taken off the shelf in a library and you should too.
reason to this situation is that it takes time away from your family and friends.
or other stuff but computers have more good stuff about them they bad things so that?
the first reason why i think this is because people in the world are becoming less healthy kids and adults should stay more.
people dump garbage into waterways.
if the parent chooses to limit access, then they should be active in the process of selection.
people should have the choice to read or watch whatever they want to.
now control can be difficult, and not always work if not handled correctly.
little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer.
any where there are books involved count me there.
he should show good results in the examinations.
this the the thing that i find most disturbing about some materials.
if a song is beautiful and sweet, but contains bad word in it, is it a bad song?
computers let us look up valuable info.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
all of the books vary on different age groups.
i feel that most of the music and movies on shelves anywhere should be taken off.
its faster than skimming through twenty books.
there is a reason why there is so many different genres.
when i was younger and i said that i was going to read a book, i was really reading one.
it also helps you connect with old school friends and relatives that are far away.
a kid will see this and then they will probably think it is cool and go out and do the same thing.
computers also help us to send emergency messages across the world in .
but just remember your grades, cars, and your weight.
she can not watch it by herself or she will get grounded.
the way he describes his experience in the kitchen cooking and listening to music gives the reader a warm feeling.
the road was also rough, plagued with many rolling, crippling hills.
the memoir were changing all through the book.
it would be incredibly rude to state that something is offensive to me might not be to someone else.
even if some content is offensive some people it could still be a important part of history that people need to know
typing skills are needed by almost everyone in the world.
of all the places, taking things off of the library shelves is not going to do justice of what really needs to be done
it has made our society different in many ways.
people who use computers often spend less time exercising.
computers are big deal in our community.
another reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because the material is sometimes inappropriate for younger children.
many other books exist as these.
for example, this sentence includes both the geese and the hibiscus, representing her new home, and the old, together in harmony.
the end of this story combines the two different, countries, cultures and almost worlds her life is from.
how can you help prevent the destruction of all of the historic words in libraries?
also, obscene graphic material in movies and in magazines.
why cant the world be more open?
this way, young children are not going to be looking for their favorite book with a book over something many adults should not even be reading.
one of the moods that was created in the memoir was happiness.
most children will look at these books and think that the books are to big to read, so they would not even look at them.
this part of his journey affects him the most.
the features of setting affect the cyclist.
first, it was the old timers at the reservoir campground.
the mood in the memoir was created in a couple of different ways by the author.
they are twins so they like the same stuff so, they both enjoy killing people in games.
now you know that computers make life efficient.
for example, he says how his parents cooked, and after that: (and for which i am eternally grateful).
him it could have ??
in my opinion i think that computers have a good affect on people.
the age of innocence is getting younger every generation, and children are becoming conditioned to this material to an extreme point.
everyone uses them or has used them before.
just like legal things only legal for adults.
it could even help you.
she said when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then she will take it again.
these pads help him in walking or running on the sand.
then i have also seen accounts where people have been changed in a good way because of a book.
do you want this rate to increase in the next ten years?
it has came to my realization to find that many people would live long, lives if they could not internet will friend.
our librarian is a very nice lady.
you never know but maybe someone might think your favorite book is not appropriate.
i strongly believe that they have bad effects on people.
when she feels more at home is when she will be ready to take the test again.
it is part of what is great about this country.
it gives you the to try something you enjoy what you get.
that we need them to communicate to other people.
the setting affected the cyclist performance.
i personally love books about drugs, sex, and many other inappropriate things.
lets say that there are two books written about the same true topic.
but they did not think of the fatigue or hot sun.
this reminds me of my friend named .
this is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort.
if someone wants to read it i think they have right to because it is their own choice.
they both came to the and had to work in whatever job they could find, although they deserved much better ones.
those machines also damage the eyesight of humans bulling is the worst effect of computers.
or how would we learn about the places we want to see, and the places we want to stay away from?
in the beginning of the essay the cyclist, rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on [his] face.
literature in every form a great way of learning.
all of these are factors found in our books and music we have today.
but most people spend to much time on the computer.
they have horoscopes and give advise.
in conclusion, i think that this could go both ways.
that is why computers have a good effect on people today.
education and personality development courses are oriented around disciplining the energies of man to make the best of him.
she had bought hibiscus as a comfort to herself.
she was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students.
they can provide a way to contact others.
how would they complete their work?
computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization.
children the age of thirteen and under should not be given magazines.
one thing about movies that i like are they are good for visual aids.
because the library welcomes people of all ages, materials that can be taken offensive for children are most of the time not taken as offensive to adults.
these are some reason why i think we all need computer.
we should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this.
but very few play badminton.
another reason would be that students usually have projects which call for research in other countries.
there is a wide array of music that people can enjoy.
the last example was that he grateful for his parents sacrifice and love.
these are all great ways of using the computer.
authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public.
no computers no education and you will go and works at or something.
even if your not doing school work, you can find anything on the internet.
the ward-boys were also equally careless.
so really, either way you try to remove any material that you think is offensive but is it your right?
also, their weight breaks down and ruins roads, which in turn cost more tax money.
when it comes to libraries, there are very few materials that should be banned.
that is why i think that computers help develop a smarter brain.
also, wiped the sweat from her eyes meaning it is hot outside and is sweating and losing water.
it allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally.
if your looking up how to tie a tie or even info about your history report the is a sure easy thing.
but my ambition is to be a teacher.
the child get in trouble by there guardian.
computers are the future and its a good one.
these were some of the moods created by the author in the memoir.
computer saved people from losing their house because of the money they made with the help of computers, computers are a good idea to conclude.
he then goes on his bike to the park taking their shortcut.
losing libraries as an option will cause people to lose their right to that resource.
i got first prize in my school for the drawing competition.
the computer can you in many interesting ways.
hes in a beautiful setting and this affects the cyclist because hes anticipating another one.
he was out of water but he continued riding to reach his goal.
, movies, anything you is not likely on a computer.
computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates.
libraries should have the right to have any kind of text, movie, magazine, or genre of music that is desired for a student to learn from.
for as long as people can remember books have been banned for various reasons.
in conclusion there where many different moods in this story.
being on the computer you can go nights without sleeping.
i do not think those books should be on the shelves.
that is enough to bring hope to someone who has failed and wants another chance.
no one if forcing them to read them.
this is why i support the computers.
read on and i am sure you will agree.
if we all made a huge decision based off of one persons opinion, then our world would be a mess.
i mean, if i ever thought i could not be mature enough to read a certain book.
i personally do not think that anybody should be punished for what is being put on the library shelves, stores, like music for instance.
in computers are wonderful things.
this setting was nothing like the old men were talking about.
the social networking sites have kept of friends in touch found in magazine.
books give people another way to learn new things.
she can climb the trees.she likes to play in my bed.
children can learn like this.
it was a pleasure as always to write to you.
then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us preoccupied.
and children need to get away from their computers.
like the beloved series by , many books and series are being taken out of libraries' collections due to people in society finding them offensive.
it is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities.
also, another reason why books and other media should not be censored is because people judge almost every little word offensive then.
the main character says, the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
and we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans.
this outrageous number of hours the vital the to exercise, therefore allows their bodies to adopt to the habits of the children sleep, eat, computer.
if you start banning or censoring certain things then how will people learn?
computers allow people to take online with other people.
whether it be in writing, singing, or pictures, you know there is always someone going to do something inappropriate.
one have to take a plane or pay to take with relatives.
my experience with computers is that they have much information but sometimes it can be too much.
they should not be forced to read only the things that are selected by another person.
i believe we should still use computers.
not only is the terrain suddenly different, but the cyclist is rapidly deteriorating.
i also have seen images that are not censored.
do you know how dangerous some websites can be?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
people can get pretty crazy on what they do and how they do it.
this process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair.
so she says that she wants to retake the test.
along with just the sight of the hibiscus other things will make her ready for the test also.
he feels relaxed, because he is at home with the water and the pine trees.
the weather and terrain had worn him down.
it is hard for the cyclist to keep in good spirits because he is not even coming across any towns or sources of water.
there is absolutely no need for censorship to occur, and as history has shown, it certainly is not a good thing.
i hope to hear back from you soon.
also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal.
you can also talk to the library manager and tell them the issue with the offensive it has given you.
many people have different views on what is right and wrong.
if adults want to view pornography, or read accounts of extreme violence, that is their business.
however, i believe that from this quote even she agrees we in fear what our children read.
he was running out of water and he thought be a diamondback.
some things are good about magazines because they show you posters of some of the super stars in the music career.
back to the point if people thinks a book is offensive to them then they don' need to pick it up!
another description of his setting that probably affected his ability to peddle was when he states flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
they also have maps to guide you through the way.
i told you how a library should work.
some people have even removed the from local library systems.
books mean a lot to people that love to read.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by when the story says twenty miles up the road.
computers can have benefit society.
also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by.
for me, i think censorship is covering up the truth.
people are different and we have a right to our own opinions.
hot, , are the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
they are the perfect tolls in modern society.
so you people out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere.
but has that ever stopped me?
if you take every offensive word out of a book, chances are it is going to be hard to sit through it.
we must play as a team; individual game spoils the chances of victory.
this book was heavily criticized over the topic of censorship.
they are constitutionally protected in the things they say.
after that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who live faraway from you.
the main idea here is preferences.
in the essay, rough road a head do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
should be removed from the shelves if found offensive.
my brother, , was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge.
the cyclist decided to keep going, even though he was running out of water.
i believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers.
whose to judge right and wrong for anyone?
there are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages.
i use to keep in touch with family on the .
i have a friend that moved to last year.
materials at a library should not be censored because the materials would decrease, people would choose what to look at, and the material would help with research.
it is not just movies that we have to worry about though.
a computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physical like coordination.
however, they could of turned out differently if they just shut down their computers.
the library should absolutely take the book off the shelf if it is found offensive by someone.
if we let our media get banned, we lose the right to have ideas of our own.
there is the fact that you can contact someone halfway around the globe just with your .
the airplane started flying down.
if a has an explicit label on it, you should have to be eighteen to check it out.
instead, we would most likely die a few hundred years before that deadline.
almost every website has discounts.
all it took though was one person to complain about it, and boom!
and then she states that their wont be any books left for us.
one of the most difficult questions about censorship is the matter of what should be censored and what should not.
also you can have the ability to talk to people.
when you email some one and then the email you back it saves the and government money.
libraries censor certain books if they believe them to be inappropriate for young children.
my use it when people are hurt and i know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy.
the setting now forces the cyclist to become more determined if he wants to live.
another topic in the is the freedom of choice.
then everything can stay on the shelves!
all students should have the right to spend time on the computer but also to save time to spend outside and with friends.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, is a main problem the cyclist faced.
books are important to everyone whether they realize or not.
a second reason that going outside is important is for the sun.
he had to conserve his water and chew on pebbles to get any spit to collect in his mouth.
they are everywhere.
computers effect people in so positive ways.
the conditions for the cyclist in the story do not exceed posted speed limit are pretty dangerous.
now i can advance to the next reason.
also expressed the importance of family and friends.
some of these books now and days need to be censored.
they do not communicate as much with the rest of the household and that does not make a big, happy family.
what would you say if i told you technology was pushing them away?
like i said be what was friend.
well whats a better way to find out a bout those than talking with people who live there?
professor had this to say about how this is affecting .
the only way people can truly make their ideas heard will be when they can understand all about their topics.
even family and friends suffer when computers are around.
the mood in this memoir is loving and thankful and calm.
so instead of taking those types of books out they should be put into a room that is strictly not for children to go in.
they would give up their living space to a friend who was having a hard time.
as the day went on, he felt the heat bearing down on him.
in conclusion, i believe this material should not be taken off the shelves.
these choices all help us to hopefully advance and continue forward into the depths of understanding, so that knowledge will continue on forever
the most talked about feature in the environment was the lack of water.
those are lives that could have been saved; families that could still be together.
do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal?
some people think that offensive books should be off the selves, but some other people think that this should not be allowed.
or they wont answer and they need information fast.
another good effect on the computer is we can talk to friends online.
jobs use them everyday, connections are made by people, and education grows because of them.
also, at one point he reaches a snake on the road.
the factory even made him more thirsty.
information in libraries should not be censored, even if the information is considered offensive.
she want disappoint her mother and she wont be broken down by her memories.
it felt smooth and cool, with a hint of velvet toward the center just as she had known it would feel.
it also allows us easy information to help write the essays.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
would you rather play games all day instead of spending some quality time with your family and friends?
some people import mangoes.
however, there really is no need to argue over petty issues that could easily be avoided if people were to just use common sense to reach a consensus.
libraries should have different stickers or labels on books for children and have a warning signs for their age.
for me, computers are a place to have fun with all the different applications.
if we take that away from people, then how will we all connect?
it has opened employment exchanges in all cities.
i can see how some of those books could be banned.
in the summer time it is extremely hot.
but if there is something that you do not like, just keep going.
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
therefore you can interact online.
everyone has a different view on something, that is what started this issue in the first place.
and then we have no book left on the self for any of us.'
it also was very hot during his journey.
you can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear.
coming from someone who does not particularly like reading.
every morning we should wish our elders.
books are not the only things that might offend some people.
just how some of my friends said that they feel relaxed when they read a book.
in the end, the choice is really up to you.
computers help everyone a lot.
in a recent study, over of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them.
now we have , , and others.
i think they should make better songs for kids.
parents need to be for their kids.
you can see the towns and so much more.
what, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them?
programs like allow to present their work in a new and efficient way.
first off you should not be taking books off of shelves for any means.
you can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained.
the child obtains a book that is about violence and sex.
they should be removed because offensive things can lead to more dramatic things.
on a game a user talk to friends, while a game such as a ( ) for example online, game.
those computers can help us with anything.
there was also the fact that the rider thought he was in the middle of nowhere.
they might not want their kids to read it but their kids will still hear the same things somewhere else also.
yea has a but to tell you the truth everybody has there own opinion.
the dry, rough, dangerous setting put the cyclist life in danger, but because of dedication he got through it.
most people in the have at least one and the number grows still.
another reason why is that a school project or essay.
books should be left uncensored so they can be enjoyed by whoever wants to read them.
many books that people think are bad just have a terrible word on one page.
first of all, if people never used computers they would miss out on an immense opportunity to learn about the world around them.
true, people do protest laws, and with good reason.
as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams.
i think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days.
also, people can find fun in many other ways not involving a computer.
this is why computers are good.
she ends it with that statement to show that she is ready to relive spring in the new country now that she is comforted by the hibiscus.
said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper!
when we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need.
their are some books that are being censored for little to no reason.
what even happened to cellphones, you can take.
third of all, if you can chat online with your friends or family!
there is much censorship that occurs in the world.
but she is not the only one to lose her vision because of computers.
shes saying there always a second chance.
kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all.
it was to shout the , so my family had no way to.
these are my three reasons why i think computers have a good effect on people.
states that we will have no books left of the shelf to read if everyone removes a book they do not approve of.
i remember when my friend moved to .
computers are part of everyday life and needs to be told about.
and it even gave young boys ideas about killing people or girl friends.
there is also some videos that are rated , , , etc.
do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much?
materials like movies, books, magazines, and music should never be taken away from a library.
however, i also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students.
i think that music, just like movies, should not be able to be censored, because they are already rated accordingly.
his parents let all who needed a home to stay with them, because they knew that the others would help them if they needed shelter.
we should take time to read some of those so called offensive books.
that is why they put it in there so they can get their money off of it.
it is much easier to log onto a computer and type in a question than search an entire book to find an answer.
he had eighteen miles to next town without much water.
the snake charmers and jugglers were also there.
i see literature as another form of art.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist mood and behavior.
books, movies, and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion, and it should remain that way.
the movie could be rated but the parents still check it out for them.
taking some books off a shelf, or taking profanities out of a song will not hurt a child or teenager one bit.
dear , i am writing you this letter to inform you that computers do benefit society.
i know you might think that computers can make families get further apart but they actually bring them closer together.
dear newspaper, i think a computer is not something bad for you.
they can also entertain us when we have nothing to do.
these machines get our messages and vices to people who can be all the way across the world in just a few seconds.
losses of parcel due to pilferage or negligence are however not funny.
since this helped i have been over to his house about times this year as to every .
my experience with this proved another point that certain books should not be banned.
there are even books read in school classrooms that offend people.
it is a very communist thing to do.
computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do.
more over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person.
when you listen to music , it blocks out other sounds that you might get distracted from.
my where you add up and subtract and divide.
it tells us what the opinions were of people at that time.
the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time.
but when it comes to usage of computers is helpful for searching information.
it would be much easier to just leave the people to make their own decisions on what okay to read and watch and what is not.
i believe that there should be some censorship, but not too much censorship.
i boarded a slightly overcrowded bus.
we have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer.
i hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens.
(paragraph ) the memories from the home make the mood loving and warm.
the climate in the story also becomes difficult.
offensive material to people is like a good book you can read and learn more about.
they can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing.
just one computer can enlighten you with so much.
so they stay in business.
i specially grow in the coastal part.
computers are also needed to do research for school projects.
the to the of the , clearly the idea of freedom of the press.
i have noticed that a lot of teens around my age are starting to become obsessed with being on the computer.
he is also thank full for his culture.
you can purchase plane tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts doing the web.
for game system its like having a computer, right?
how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate.
if you have messy handwriting then you can go and type it up lastly you can songs, video, and much more when you browse the web.
thank you for listening to my reasons.
there are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites.
the roots are her past and although they are buried, they are not forgotten.
in my opinion, some materials are not too low in rating, and should not be for people under age.
for example, you can communicate with people, conduct business, and you can use it to learn.
in my own perspective should be an adult section, where only adults above a certain age should be aloud in or be able to check out.
i think a library should have censorship when it comes to what they have and how they organize it.
there, in my opinion, needs to be a room with said materials that children have, in no way, access to.
he was sweating and getting dehydrated, id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind of thirst.
the second reason i think that computers have a positive affect on society is because it has lots of fun games and music.
my house has three bedrooms and a drawing-cum-dining room.
offensive or not we have the write to publish and promote it
my second reason why i think the effects of computers is good is because you can contact friends or family that you have not seen in a while.
communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer.
without these books these can become something in the past and nothing more.
the kidnappers, the sellers and the owners who make the kids beg, should be given exemplary punishments.
i know this because in the story, he states that it feels around degrees.
computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future.
people are now these days.
even when you are just on the computer.
and because they tend to want to type faster, it will help even more because the finger and eye will have to work in mission to type faster.
she want to see if she could be on and try not will on the past .
do you want to be overweight and not be in shape?
but the computer is one gadget that does not benefit society.
another feature of the setting that affects him is the people that gave him directions.
should not be moved ,because anybody can be interested in them.
therefore computers need to be used a lot.
i do realize that it gets out of control with the music, movies, magazines, and books but we know when to settle down and grow up.
it is this that makes us think, and therein lies the problems with censorship.
my second reason is that, even though computers are often thought of as destroying , can build social lives.
the author does this as a symbol of hope for the reader.
he was all ways thirsty and rode his bike along ways and is no paint in ???
this is showing you an image of just how hot the climate he is in.
other people might like it or they might like it themselves if they give a chance.
so you might as well make good use with it.
they made more than the and the company makes the mostly used computer system.
using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper.
the cyclist ended up making it and he realized what a big effect nature can have on you.
he gives a in depth and warm description of his life in and the relationships he made.
it is not only unnecessary, but unconstitutional.
why wait another minute?
everyone spend time with their family, having fun together, celebrating together would give you a happy feeling of what a family is.
whatever the user wants is a text and a click away!
a parent supposed to help their child grow and learn right from wrong.
if you see something on television with your favorite actor or actress on it, we tend to believe it is acceptable behavior.
kids these day need to learn more about other cultures.
if you found a book in your public library offensive, would you want that book removed from your sight and public view?
this proves that the cyclist knows it was getting hot but it did not affect him.
his parents wanted to help their children and give them better lives.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he was grateful in the beginning of his memoir.
that is the mood sets for his memoir.
such as in war books the characters curse a lot.
it would be hectic right?
it will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end.
the settings effect the cyclist tremendously.
a very dark future waits for us if censorship continues.
lets keep are children and young adults away from violence.
all ages should be able to enjoy what a library has to offer, and with some materials that is not possible.
also with increased computer time people are not getting outside.
or, say you were watching a show that was talking about slavery a hundred years ago, would that anger you?
they sought to ban the book in the schools in our township, wanting to spare all other children the experience of being exposed to was clearly traumatic material.
censorship is a topic that it strongly opinionated.
computers help people with working, learning, and even communication!
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
i just think that people should have to be a certain age for some of the things though.
magazines could just be in a library for people to read and relax, and learn something new in the world.
does everybody deserve to read or watch anything they want?
here are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
it has a skin full of fur and a long tail.
you can use the computer for playing games that are related to school.
as you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public.
one the most important reasons why people need computers is because computers can help you learn about and research other things going on in the world.
you are not required to read or listen to any item that you do not want to see or hear.
another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in .
if he was willing to put filthy stones in his mouth to help him get through his dehydration, he was pretty thirsty.
libraries should not censor the material that they put on the shelves just because someone does not like it.
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
if i had a library i would sell just about anything i could.
you can learn about many different cultures.
also i would not care if i had to be quiet in the library it would not matter to me.
he is found everywhere in his uniform.
the hot sun beating down on him makes him sweat and makes him thirsty.
protecting your children from things that offend you, stop them from growing up badly.
one example is when he learned the definition of family.
many features in the setting affect the cyclist.
the sun and the terrain can affect the cyclist very much when out on a hot day in the summer.
that is how the setting on the story affected the cyclist.
there fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people.
you can type in any question or place into a search engine and instantly get results.
an enormous part who your child become & the values they hold is a product what they were exposed to a young age.
learning about people will help you make friends to.
so with a computer nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch.
what better way than letting everyone read whatever they wish
this is not tolerated but still it goes on through the world.
but how can you have an education with out a computer.
the author concludes the ending statement to show that she will not stop trying to achieve her goal.
and instead of searching the places online and what their all about, just go visit them.
when you are writing a paper for an class.
stick around if you want the anecdote for the computer virus so people can be cured.
you can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family.
without a doubt chatting online is a great way to use the computer during the time your on it.
also in the text, when, over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view, hope was replenished into the cyclist.
now, before you start getting it into your mind that it was something bad, i can assure you, it was nothing other than stacks of cards.
set in the drawing-room.
if books, movies, magazines, music, etc.
he takes his dinner and then sleeps.
we had a lot in common and i was glad to have made a friendship with .
for instance, if the cyclist had less strain on him then he would not be as tired and would not drink as much water.
false statement or inaccurate statements in books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy.
also, the author uses the paragraph to show the symbolic qualities of everyday things.
our military uses internet to talk to their family and friends stateside.
movies could also get kids to be bullies.
all things with her become better.
taking the freedom of what we read or watch away from us would take away or personality and sense of expression.
schools are using computers more and more now.
i have two things to say about it.
i wish this would change sooner or later before the world becomes a big mess.
all of those reasons explains that the settings affect the cyclist in many ways.
when the author finds the dilapidated ghost town, he is still high spirited and amused.
some media and literature has passed this point and it should not be allowed on shelves.
allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends.
as he tried to keep going he lost hope and thought he was going to die.
no matter what religion, ethnicity, or moral values you hold, just because it is offensive to you does not mean that it is offensive to everyone.
one more thing to take into consideration, is the authors money.
this way very easy considering i typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate.
others are concerned that people spent too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and spending time with friends and family.
there was an abandoned .
the plants she grew up with exist in the as well.
he is a very good athlete.
then there was the abandon juice building where they made juice.
now a days many college students with work going on not have time to attend schools so with the help of a computer they can take online classes.
too but learning about nature is more nature.
i have a few reasons also i think there should not be censorship in libraries.
no one wants their identity stolen some up ad.
one way the setting affected the cyclist way when it got hot and the rider was running out of water.
(and also of where they are located).
if you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer.
when using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity.
now i know what your thinking what of we need to print something.
so, libraries should not have to take away any sort of material that might be offensive to the public.
his mother also often eats dinner alone.
it should be held in a separate area if people do not wish to view this material they simply do not go in that area.
but should they be removed if they are found offensive?
it could be on the radio, on the internet, on the and what can you do delete all of that?
she puts in examples from the story that could help find these reasons.
if they start taking out big parts of history, it will be long lost and forgotten.
i think that there should be an area set for kids that are in elementary to high school and there should be a section that is for adults.
when it comes to books, music, movies or magazines i believe almost anything should be allowed except for material that depicts nudity or drugs and alcohol.
and i had always walked to my house after school.
well you can always checks information online, you ever forget!
this is another great and useful step in our communities around the world.
there are many good details why computers are good for the society.
if the plant was strong it would not be quivering.
he does this in order to reduce his need for water and continues, ignoring the tall the setting brings upon him.
no one can say what offends everyone.
in my science class a boy named never does his homework.
another setting that affected the plot was the deserted towns.
what about the , when million were killed because they were .
i remove the previously stated graphic romance novels.
parents today are not as in sync with what their children do as they were in recent years.
the car hit the cyclist while taking a turn.
although there are many works that are meaninglessly violent, brutal and cruel, no book or any other material should be censored.
but people sometime can take it to far and do sometimes burn it to the ground.
dear you know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines.
there has been many people who have been hired.
computer have a positive effect on people.
there is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer.
for example, if the story would have taken place in he could have just stopped and bought water.
i do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy.
the cyclist knew not to take directions from the old men, but they seemed so sure about what they were talking about to him.
one of them being freedom of speech, along with freedom of press.
there are many reason i feel this way and i hope that after people have read this they will agree with me.
computers are way to burdens of work.
i understand that people might have been there first.
why get rid of these books when people are still enjoying them everyday.
this gives the mood of wanting to help someone in need.
the people that censor could be wrong about the content of the material.
my second reason is kid might have to look important things up.
because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity.
yea they have their plus' and negatives hut computers are some what dangerous.
our is mainly run on computers, without them, it would be very difficult to be aware of an on coming attack or threat.
i think that censorship is a terrible idea.
but do all these & exercise plans really work?
and parents should monitor what there children are reading and take part in the book by helping them understand what the book is saying.
my friends moms changed because she got a computer.
he understands that they only left for his benefit, and he appreciates that.
those cost per year.
this makes his trip even worse because now he has to make it over not only big hills but torn up, old, beaten roads.
according to my prior knowledge, i know certain materials will affect different people in different ways.
however sometimes it is good to have offensive things in books.
do not censor what libraries put out such as books, music, movies, and magazines
the author is most proud of his parents because of tier love and sacrifice.
it was a play boy bunny magazine.
did you look up to any of the main characters?
there will always be another chance, as long as you can find peace and beauty in something good.
we could try to contain them to where only people that would like to see them do.
if we do not have the knowledge we can take guidance from experienced persons in business.
what is appropriate in libraries these days?
in this essay i will explain my opinion and hopefully change other peoples opinions.
i think that if certain materials are offensive that they should be taken off the shelf, depending on how they are offensive.
there is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give.
surprisingly it is true that all of the reasons are good for the time being on the computer.
so i think next time shell do great.
when they ended the story i thought to myself how nice it ended.
top scientists and researchers say that it is extremely important for people to interact with others face to face.
they cleared away the crowd.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
you get to learn how it is in a certain place you want to go on vacation for.
first reason why computers are so critical in our culture is that computers let you surf online anywhere and anytime you want.
water is a valuable gift of nature.
not everyone thinks people should be able to have their own images and visions; however, that is what makes our world so individualized.
their attention is more on the watch than what the teacher is trying to teach.
the music industry try their best to sort the music to your taste.
for a person of any race this is a way to feel the pain and struggle of people before us.
that electricity comes from power plants.
if i was a administrator in a i would look at what is the meaning behind the book and what it is trying to express.
i also feel that these types of media should remain on the shelves because of learning and educational purposes.
the computer can also be very dangerous.
however, there is of children out there that will just think of the information that they are being told as good things.
though my information is that both of them were as ordinary as i was.
computers can put people who not know any better at risks.
our founding fathers wrote out one of the documents establishing this trend on the prompting of the general public.
he also talked about the good times he had with his parents in the kitchen.
we all are given the right to our opinion on such pieces.
he learned with his family how to love others and how to respect.
no one cares so long as they get their newer and better piece of technology.
the internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects.
in the end paragraph she intercedes this by saying that in the spring she will take the test again.
everybody has there own preference on the kinds of books and music that they like.
the people will find out what they want there kids to read and listen and watch and so will they.
plants that she had not even realized she had known but forgotten grew her back into her childhood world.
the child learn something new from the book.
they need to know that there are still racists out there even though society tries to cover it up.
they provide an easier way to life that us lazy need to survive.
each library decided to censor a different type of art from their individual location.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because of how hot it is, how big the hill is and the shortage of cold water.
which shows that you can make the best of any situation with family and friends.
but something even worse is on the way.
computers are a lot of fun.
in the story it says the sun was beginning to beat down.
but the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy.
dear of society i am writing this letter to you to explain the many benefits towards computers.
or it allows people to communicate without telephone numbers.
the memories the hibiscus bring back are also very sad.
the invention of computers have change our world in a positive way.
the speed limit was .
computers are the next best thing since sliced bread.
it has a big effect on a humans life.
for example, when he asked the old guy about the place he was going to he said i have my own map.
, one of my neighbors.
its all in perspective.
their material provides research and appropriate entertainment for all ages.
computers are great but the can also have negative effects on us too.
a person should be able to get their information without the censorship of others.
i was trying to find a book to read for an essay i had to write.
offensive materials contain many teaching tools in life that could help out the lives of many people.
this is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them.
the speed that you type is improved with practice.
the features of the setting directly affects the cyclist.
she had no control over it.
these websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily.
friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you.
the aspect that a parent is worried about what their children might read implies parents need to step in.
while reading a book, a viewer skim across a passage that brings horrible experiences swelling back up in them.
although on my computer i can actually see her on my screen.
i believe every author has his or her right to express ones self and to be accepted for that.
by sticking to this method, offensive materials can stay out of the hands of those who do not wish to see them.
on the whole i feel society would be better off without computers.
the only water that the bike is able to find is not consumable.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
everyone has grown up and been taught different values and morals that are important to them.
dear local newspaper, out of students at say that they spend most of their time on the computer.
this is why i think that the author finished with that paragraph to get his message across.
other then likes and dislikes is the problem of offensiveness.
what makes a book unacceptable to read?
there are many different kinds of books in the library.
someone can only take so much and then when they reach that point nothing turns out any good.
even teachers were reading it.
hearing her daughter tell her how much it is.
you should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer.
if you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in.
if the book or movie is found offensive to you, pick another, but it should not be removed from the shelf.
com, or we can grab our shoes and see it for ourselves.
music is music and it is there to be listened too.
next the benefits it has to society is people can learn things online.
not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects.
lastly, computers allow us to internet with friends from our chairs.
exercise is a main way of staying healthy.
i believe that computers have a negative effect.
should you conceal a child from the inappropriate half of the world?
i believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online.
at the beginning of this memoir they talk about how their parents knew the struggles of a life.
lastly, never forget who really matters.
these games start off fun but they become habits.
but it can easily get lost.
it shows the theme of the story really.
i believe that computers are a good thing to have because you can hear about the latest stories, and you can keep your own information neat.
its a library, they are going to have a bunch of material.
it also says that as the buds grow so will she.
shows that the place is deserted.
another way is that of water from severe heat.
there are also no places to stop for water.
it is required at almost every job application and at school and every thing in between.
when the cyclist first set off, he was doing fine, he had plenty of water.
parents still have the ability to keep things they see as unacceptable from their children as much as they please to do so.
it started off innocent enough.
so if someone gets offended with a book they should go talk to the owner let them know their concern, and try to have something done about it.
this should not be allowed, yet it is.
all of us began repeating it.
finally, a building came into view.
in my opinion, i think that the offensive materials should be taken off the shelves.
however, there are all different kinds of books, music, and all the other materials that could offend all different kinds of people.
we have read about many conquerors like, alexander the great, julius caesar, nepolean etc.
presentations, essays, graphs, anything.
but, you can get kinds of information from books.
we all enjoy having the freedom to read, listen, and watch what we like.
my uncle takes him for a walk every day.
everyone has their rights and if writing, music, and videos are putting them down they should have the right for it to be taken from access.
first of all, children often follow after what they see.
the author, , uses many curses in the dialogue between characters.
removing literature from a shelf should not be permitted just because you think something about it.
i understand that some people not agree with me, however i propose that my side is the best.
soon thereafter, the cyclist notices something is amiss.
the internet makes everything we do on the computer possible.
if a person want to read something they should be allowed.
lastly, the heat the cyclist must endure also affects them.
if this is such a good environment for teenagers to be then why are they able to download bad music off of the internet?
i believe libraries should have all types of books, music, movies, and magazines.
if people really want to find something that is inappropriate they can find it somewhere else.
in spring they will return to start over raise goslings, rebuild their home, start over from last spring.
they should take them off because they can teach young children the wrong things.
also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer.
that just how people are and were.
the cyclist then came to a huge hill and, using his last bit of energy, rode down.
the silencing of the voices of authors also stops new ideas from coming in to a society.
computers help function machines.
enjoying nature you can have a good time and relax.
the necessity for censorship should never be an option.
readings is something that we cannot get away from.
hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web.
my third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends.
here the snow is symbolic to the sorrow she has been facing because she left home.
people that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse.
this means that he was partially all by himself and he had no one to go to.
please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.
if libraries have books that are censored they should put them on a shelf just for censored books so adults could still be able to read them.
for one, information and knowledge are at your fingertips.
so yes, computers have a positive effect on people.
such as, stuff from anther culture or maybe something from a different religion.
they have a very positive effect on you.
everybody has there different opinion and this is my opinion.
if a child has a project for school, they either use the computers or asks their parents.
computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them.
have you ever been in the situation when you can' ?
in a public library i think that all books should be there to check out!
also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by .
he took directions from older people who promised the rider a short cut.
we all know computers and other technology are great sources of entertainments.
another example would be if your mom or dad went away for a few days, weeks or months and you wanted to talk to them of ten.
everything we saw had a story to tell.
kids and grown ups are the same and nobody needs to see a movie if it is really bad.
once again, books are meant to entertain readers and not to hurt them.
the rates of squirrels to people in was in , the year the computer has invented.
people can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours.
computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person.
just think computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard.
i agree with and say that computers are good use in society today.
when you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything.
but i believe that they should not have to take books, music, magazines, etc.
students can grab their laptop, and go on their warm and comfortable table bed to chat friends.
, a physician, told me that people who shop online have less stress than people who go to the store for the same items.
even teacher es lets the teachers communicate with parents so it helps you communicate without everyone being in your conversation on the phone.
milk is palatable food for the sick and the invalids as well.
after you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect.
from my personal experience i have not seen any problems with kids checking out offensive books.
i think that is one huge problem.
some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer.
this could help the people avoid such things.
although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes.
when online, students can receive help from fellow students, teachers, and even experts!
the computer helps us with school.
everyone has a different opinion or perspective about books.
goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness.
i know what i am allowed and not allowed to read.
everyone finds something offensive.
sure there are things in book, music, etc.
the use of computers, and the alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on talk to people faraway, and express ourselves.
in libraries they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to, before they rent it out.
i use the computer to talk to them basically have.
in paragraph , this is where the first introduces the custom of his house.
they build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including & sports.
dear , i think computers have bad effects on the people in this world.
it is understandable to a certain point.
computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done.
for others it could just be words.
also the mood was good because they came got an apartment and at the end every ones happy because it became their home.
this is a very simple an straight forward concept.
age groups on books, is a great idea.
do we need computers at home?
ninety percent of the time that i do that my grades go up and i get a satisfying grade.
that is why computers have a negative effect on people.
he is a very good man.
when they just take it off everything will be in grate shape
to this day i have no social life and no job because i spent more time socializing with the computer than people.
most of these kids now a days read books because they watch the movie to the story.
how could they allow this kind of thing on display like this?
finally, people go online to chat rooms to talk and met new people.
you use a webcam and talk to anyone you want.
now is why do people want to stay inside all day long on the computer some people are constantly on their social websites.
working from home makes another day at the office, another day at home.
just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college.
they are a key to growing, learning, and discovering.
they use their trunk to drink water and pick up food.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful, joyful, and loving.
if everybody liked the same thing, then let anybody that enters the library remove an offensive item.
computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives.
obesity is not a hard thing to get rid of.
i believe the author ended this story with this paragraph because life lives on.
another thing libraries need to watch are magazines.
first, you spend less time exercising.
library, the facts are in the name.
a book in time displaying a friendship between a black and a white man is truly a ground breaking feat.
first off, if there are items that people find offensive then they should be placed in a specific aisle.
libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out.
thank you for your time,
, he tells of how the door was always open and their newfound family was always a seated around the table.
it is never intended to offend someone, or bring bad to the world.
now that material is gone all because of you thought it was offensive.
the four pillars of religion-truth, purity, mercy and charity-stood firm in all the world.
when we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer.
because of the rate of the water, he felt life was cruel sometimes and he thought that he was at the point of losing water.
this cause him to slow down a little bit.
a computer is just a simpler way to look up information.
the pandal was decorated.
to me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a family problem than a social problem.
computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long.
in the time that it takes for the hibiscus to grow she will be growing also as a person and so will be ready for the test.
imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters.
just have to control yourself.
when surveyed ;the majority of students said that they spent at least two hours on the computer every night.
remember computers, do lots of things, help us learn, and they are a fantastic tool.
i believe libraries need to restrict items that will have a bad influence on children.
this could also help at work because it your boss is counting on you to have work done, you can use the .
when i tried a drop or two, it had the flavor of battery acid.
they can be asked who they are, were they live.
in conclusion, it is clear computers benefit the society greatly without a side effect at all.
now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else.
but self control is the only way to avoid this problem.
you can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there.
my sister is on the computer and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature.
spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy.
so unless you want all those things happening to you, i suggest you spend less those on the computer!
as you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer in the house is important.
a good thing that would keep little kids in the right section would be to color it with a lot of bright colors that will attract their attention.
the dry desert affected the cyclist because these was no water and the cyclist was dehydrated.
these people have a shorter lifespan!
he tells us how they welcomed people into their home whenever they were in need.
more than out of people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them.
but recently, the availability of the book has been questioned.
i think the memoir is a very heartwarming story of a family that loves one another and his thankful that they have a place they can call home.
this is why i feel books should stay where there are
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
please just listen to what i have to say.
its gotten to him so much that he applauds himself for having the energy to feel sorry for himself.
it makes them more social, which is a great quality to have in life.
in books, magazines, shows, movies, on the , you name it.
so i think it just depends on what kind of stuff people like, everyone likes something different.
pink are my favorite.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
, i would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today.
if that was how things worked there would be nothing in the library for people to enjoy.
for me i only go on the computer for like twenty minutes then log and go back online later on in the day.
anyone can go their.
he started by telling the scenery he lived in during a time of segregation.
at the end you know we all need to type our essays, lesson and more.
the use social networks allows kids to put all their information there, for anyone to see.
computers let people communicate with each other.
i walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer.
i agree with her on that statement.
he also told me that the zoo authorities take care of the animals in best possible manner.
hence, these parts of the earth experience summer.
people would be well aware of the facts by reading an article online.
this is why, computer are an obstruction to us.
out either have no backyard or have nothing better to do.
the author was likely describing his happy .
what is to stop a kid to getting to one of these books, or movies you can find in libraries?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
what if they wanted to do that to you if you wrote maybe some bad stuff in a little writing.
children should not have to come across a discovery like that in a public facility, where fun and interesting facts should be found; not racial slurs.
another reason computers could lower your quality of life.
i have seen people, classmates in particular, that do not desire to read because they feel that a novel has offended them.
a person can get offended anywhere not just by a certain magazine or some music style.
even when i read that book today i do not see any of the reasons that were listed in the book.
that is mostly & always more important than computers because they are always always going to be there for you.
many people find this offensive.
on the phone, she was frantic because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type diabetes.
we did not remove any books, pictures, or even magazines in that store.
no matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something.
if the materials should be moved they should just be moved to a different area not off of the shelves totally.
what if some one found your favorite book offensive?
the youth of our country do not need to be seeing all of these actions and hearing these messages.
i know that i, myself like reading books, listening to music that has no limits.
my friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay.
what is considered a work of art to one person could be seen as highly offensive to another.
face it kids even younger find ways to do things that their parents do not want them to do.
so there for i think that building rooms for these area is the right thing to do.
i hope not because there is a chance that they will or will not get .
dear local newspaper, have computers ever hurt anyone?
so this is one reason that i think a computer is good for.
if someone finds it offensive then they can ask for that material to be put on the highest shelf their.
i go to camp and have made friends i call my family.
communication is very important in everyday life.
fortunately my friend’s prediction came true.
for thousands of years, written text has been a way to understand and connect with cultures and people through written language.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world.
to more on i will explain what i mean about being with family and friends.
there are great books that for years people have enjoyed reading and continue to read today.
movies over attract both parents and teenagers alike, the music entices the teenagers, and the books and prior two media sources attract younger children.
some are single coloured.
an he appreciates him because of the same thing i said before he admires them and always thank them for what they have done to her.
it takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down.
people are not going to look at things the same.
all it is, is cause and effect.
he never expects favors from others.
they can also be used to interact with people far away.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
so i asked my mom i can go to she said yes.
the reason he is happy, i think is because he has a family that loves him.
that they should just focus on their lives and not worry about everything they hear in the news.
he plays a very important role.
many people are thinking this is a good time to go on the computer but you bored you will stay on the computer until you have something to do.
i think they should make a floor people can go to, to hangout and talk.
mostly everyone would like to meet people.
programs like allow you to make new friends as well as reconnect with old friends.
it can be inferred that he meant they was obviously out of date when across directions since the ones they gave him were not correct.
in conclusion, this is how the setting affected the cyclist.
also when things got hard there was nothing around but ghost towns and abandoned buildings.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the author uses features of the setting to show the effects of the cyclist.
the person might find the book useful because they want to learn about the topic more.
too much time on your computer means that everyone suffers.
sadly and his daughters got in a car accident and two of girls broke a few bones.
electricity helps to light up the streets at night.
but, eventually, with right leadership, it would help make a more truthful environment.
while there is a kind of love mood here.
its like he forgot we were even the reason why i think computes should be in the state of .
well within it there most likely was a piece of information that was inappropriate, but would you like to see that taken off of the shelf?
this quote is saying that because of the heat, the rough terrain and the length of his shortcut his running out of water.
if so had done it affect thous.
hi my name is i have a couple topics that i would like to talk to you about.
the aid of technology, our economy would rapidly as communication countries failed to exist.
these that just one grade class most students are addicted to it.
these computers help the students complete research papers, typed assignments and other teacher requirement papers.
some people freak out every easy and this world is every offensive and people need to think about other people.
if you have a favorite book, movie, or song then would you want it to be gotten rid of based on someones opinion?
eventually he drank all of his water and knew he would die of dehydration or a heat stroke.
they would have a happy healthy life.
i know that every person out there is different and has their own beliefs on different things.
then there would not be any point in having libraries or in anyone writing books.
after a couple more miles, he comes to small fork with a pump.
but mr. kailash is my best neighbor.
this saying teaches us the value of time.
i can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because i see it everyday with my younger brother.
the issue i will have you read , is how people will become even less caring of the environment.
a lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law.
books, magazines, music, and movies make the world and everyday life what it is.
be a sport person and one likes to get free online, are websites like and so you can.
for example when want to talk to my cousin that live in .
it really is a pressing matter and needs to be deal with.
if you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that.
this is my last reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
there are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some.
this makes her sad and causes her to miss the way things used to be.
they have recent events that happen around the country and around the world.
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
especially being that, children are steadily becoming obese, and developing a weak immune system can affect your life in ways that are totally controllable?
more people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy food and no physical exercise.
we can send registered letters, birthday greeting, parcels and money orders through the post office.
as they are older, they still never have the interest to learn about these types of things because they never knew about them growing up.
last month i went with my family to attend my cousin brother’s wedding.
dear , computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives.
just as there are no two identical snowflakes, no two humans are exactly the same.
if there is going to be offensive material in a library then you should be a certain age to rent or read .
the computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of.
people find things offensive everyday.
i prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative.
i might not be making much sense but being with family in person is better than instant messaging someone you just meet who lives half way across the world!
the old men swore there was a town coming up so he put his trust and confidence in him once again.
no i know you will not,but think about that when you expect others to agree with what you say or think.
he should have just left her alone.
the setting effects the cyclist in many ways.
the mood in the story was very nice.
this greatly affects his family.
there are many reasons to support this, but here are three.
plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software.
this is how i feel about books, magazines, music, and movies.
in the field of medicine and surgery, science has made wonderful progress.
if we were not introduced to it so early, we would not be going behind our parents' backs trying to do it.
the seating arrangement was good.
the older generations lived a happy not violent life.
they leave a positive effect on people in the community and world.
dear , you think computers help society?
there are many books, types of music, movies, magazines, etc.
lastly, computers let you meet new people online.
but there are some big downsides to this box of information.
the government is trying to make the children of less corrupt, but they will end up learning everything that is censored for their friends and peers anyways.
first you get a head ache; then your mouth dries up and desperation gets in and finally you get dizzy.
also the setting seems to be very hot.
the only thing the kid will want to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight.
the facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences.
it help you find in the computer about people.
we citizens are allowed the right to make our own choices and in libraries, the should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want.
some parents do not want their children to know about some of the things that are out there in the world, which is completely understandable.
its altering a authors work.
computers are, a great advancement in our technology.
these games are a great to help people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation.
i find a lot of people to say things that offend me, but that does not mean that i have the right to make them stop talking.
he keeps the books in proper order.
teens relieve a lot of stress on the web.
restless people can be seen standing helplessly in queues for long hours.
the author is thinking about all the good times he had growing up.
there still time for change, so lets do something about it.
i believe people should not be able to censor books.
i belief it is of a great cause for children of the modern day world to celebrate their own religion how they would like.
this quote is important because it begins the explanation of why his house gives him so many warm memories conveyed in his writing.
this is a big part of teenager life.
the author gave the happiness to the cultures they have settled with the author, giving them friendship and happiness.
did you ever turned on your .
the mood i think of his warming, happiness, and joy.
censoring will only make them want to read less, and play on the computer more.
overall the things that we read, watch, and listen to not all be bad even if it has some offensive material in it.
if your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day one week can your vision from a to .
whether they are used for school or just entertainment they are used for a good purpose and are always helpful.
books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children.
then, we as people will wonder what will be left of us.
he describes them, as well as others in their community, as honest, hardworking, selfless people.
the only workout your getting on the computer is your fingers.
the narration of rough road ahead a solo cyclist encounters several challenges throughout the story.
think about it next to you look at a copy of ' ' by ; is it really that offensive to you?
now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users.
the realization actually made me want to help those children who grow up in homes like the one described in the book.
a computer can tell you just about anything you need to know.
so, library material should be a choice
we need to stop the problems and turn off the computers.
this of the should only be entered by an adult, or with an adults permission.
d you know that there is more than radio station?
so i realized that i can go on the computer at the library.
to me the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb was.
also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends.
i think so because she says that when the snow melts and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding then she will take the test again.
some find it to be offensive, though.
that way there would be no problems.
a synonym for solidarity is unity, so here the author is even saying how his neighborhood all united into one big happy neighborhood.
he explains how his first friend was his babysitter and the person who lived above him.
every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades?
with modern technology, the world is better connected and united.
now, lets talk about exercising a bit more.
next, there is a lot of offensive things you can find in the library.
this shows that hes getting frustrated and losing some hope.
at this point, he is becoming unsure of how good the directions he obtained really were.
people everywhere learn from books.
you should not interacted with friends on the internet for that reason.
just yesterday i had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project.
we already censor so much.
when they find that song that offensive, then there is only one simple solution: turn the freaking radio to something else!
in my computers class.
sports are very useful for our lives.
even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online!
in conclusion i state: no one should be able to say what you can and can not have on the shelves of the library.
first of all without computers there would be no internet and without that many jobs would fail.
most people do not go to libraries because of that.
imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet.
this is a very interesting quote.
by eating the right food one is able to secure good health.
i could not learn much on the first day.
imagine what it would be like if we expanded this right to the foods that we buy.
by spending time with family you not only learn more about them but you can become closer and be able to talk with them about anything.
( you the computers are a positive effect on people?)
of kids spend to hours on the computer.
they are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology.
do you think they are good for us, or do we need less computers?
this brings me to the last point.
the pitcher pitches the ball and wham!
you make that decision.
schools try to provide books that appeal to all audiences, but that ability is being impaired by books being banned from shelves.
but she realized that the hibiscus could be a reminder of home as well as reminder to change for her new home.
first, it be a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans on reading, and removing an item will let down the customer.
this shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment.
one can enjoy the walk.
the national geographic magazine often has pictures of naked people and so does the magazine.
the first reason certain materials in libraries should be removed is because it is not suitable for children or even young teenagers.
since this was the case, i simply avoided those types of movies or magazines that had those types of content.
not only it supply info it also prepare our for the world.
people have the right to choose what books they and what they about.
i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas.
studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well.
magazines can also be offensive because of the things inside of the magazine.
they check you, attendance, grade, phone number and schedule.
however teachers say that ever since was invented the students grades were skyrocketing.
if a bystander observes a person being abused in a hallway or alley, the bystander just cannot pretend like the incident never happened.
certain books or other pieces of media are asking for the controversy that many subjects bring, while others are just unintentionally going against certain groups of people.
it is the truth that this has been done in the past to keep down rebellions and shifts in power, but nevertheless, i still disagree.
these conditions all made the cyclist have to work harder to find his destination.
saying that the material is unsuitable for a younger age group is correct, but at that age the children should be with adult when checking out books anyway.
what does that mean?
its all out of respect to people who are wanting to be in a quiet area.
might of experienced something like this.
many authors will put an age level on their books, like fourteen and older.
any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is lifting.
if we did not have this ability we will not be able to know what is going on around the world.
computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more.
dear readers, i understand some people are concerned that people spend too much time on the computer and that it is bad.
also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends.
also if you had nobody to talk to one time you go on the computer and try to meet new people.
in the evening we play cricket at the school playground.
someone can be good looking, smart or confident.
this is affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends.
that is why she says she will pass the test when the hibiscus buds bloom.
he learned everything he could ever think about from his parents and he loves them a lot.
some people like to read stories with details so they can picture it in there mind.
there should remain a variety of different books, music, and other things that appeal to all types of personalities.
there are three reasons why they should have censorship.
she herself thought most of them were too offensive for me to see.
they could start criticizing people for being different.
third i believe its a good way to just relax.
not to mention the computer did quicker and more efficient than a regular human.
this would be more on opinion based writing.
is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because other options are more expensive.
this benefits people in a positive way.
in the preamble we are given rights to the freedom of speech and press.
the world today in the is hardly free.
in this memoir, you can tell really cares about his family, especially his loving parents.
school is not only a teaching building, but also a social place.
first of all, computer bring about online communication.
that is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college.
what if one of your children came home from a library with one of those books?
, in my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living.
personally in my opinion i have no problem with anything found in libraries today.
learning is a necessary tool in our society and nothing should be restricted.
the author express gratefulness by saying his grateful for his culture and the sacrifice his parents did ( ).
when i read, watch, or listen to something, i do not think of how offensive it is to me or somebody else.
try to make a difference!
he speaks softly to his patients.
the earth gets heat, light and energy from the sun.
after a little while, the cyclist found himself alone in the desert with no one in sight.
i have had a lot of research papers.
first reason is that all books and contents that a public library offers to the community should be open to everyone.
so this is my essay to you.
computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house.
i usually play for a couple hours.
they say that it’s the fastest toy car they have ever seen.
this will make sure we will know what we are about to see and read
just use the technology at your hands responsibly.
the library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and for readers who do it as a hobby.
therefore, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the author is happy that they did.
that will not stop me with helping my friends in the future.
you be uncomfortable about that book being sold in countries all over the world, but what if someone feels that same way about your favorite book.
yeah on playing counter strike.
libraries are broken up into different sections on where to find a genre, but a young child not be aware.
dear , people acknowledge the great advances that computers give us, but they also put us at disadvantages.
a morning walk is a very good exercise.
right now, more than of the people have at least one or more computers at home.
so why fight when the world was meant to be at peace?
after all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning.
it makes me happy and proud to think that my family plays a huge part in who i am.
it’s high time now that the government should impose severe laws to protect our waterways.
so why are people complaining about it.
the fact of the matter is that people or parents get to offended or complain cause there little said a curse word in front of them.
some computers have programs that teach you how to type.
have you ever sat at your computer so long your eyes watered?
another big target for censorship in some countries is the .
he is saying that the terrain is deadly because of the snake that passed by him.
books movies and music should not be removed from the shelves.
is it worth it to use all that time.
computers are amazing and society benefits from them by a lot.
how impressive would that be?
i had the same reaction.
their are plenty of rated movies that have won and plenty of other rewards.
that was what i thought about when i was tempted to actually remove them.
planing a vacation is a trough job to do, but what if that job could all take place in our sport?
which is a saying i have heard many of times.
if the act of censorship begins to expand, everything we know today will become censored in some manner just because one person would find it offensive.
i am also sure that over time we will find a old copy of a book on a website.
before the end of his ride, the cyclist reaches an abandoned .
people are addicted to computers because of the games and being able to go on the .
in our society we are given the right to have our own opinion about things, and we are able to like what ever we want.
have all kids stay away from offensive and bad items they are not aloud to be around.
all you do is go to and type in what you want to find.
it can also help you with your job.
by saying he was doing when it should have been .
also, these websites cause people to their social skills.
one of those rights is the freedom of speech, or the right to voice your opinion.
by remembering these mistakes, mankind will be able to move forward in literature.
aim is very popular to people of all ages.
allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes.
i feel the same way about the censorship of music and movies.
history books should not be censored because it is facts and teaching kids on what has happened in the past and how people survived.
so with her computer she can go to her favorite stores website and pick the clothes she wants.
and his family cooks together which he really appreciates and .
computers can help everyone connect with anyone you can see computers have so many positive effects on people.
another time where computers are handy is at tax time.
hes on a very hot climate, in a desert, so he needs lots of water, but he has a limited supply.
this shows how grateful he is to his parents.
i use to be a computer geek.
the fact the it was such a hot day made the ride seem longer.
she is so focused on the computer screen then what is going on around her.
more you take books away the more the population on watching television gets higher.
eating for hours each day to not a good idea.
but guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family.
with a phone you can only chat with each other, but a computer has a webcam.
another reason, was that you should always help your family s during bad times.
if people want this is going to be a big war.
so i logged into my laptop and went on google, within seconds the definitions wore popping onto my screen like pop rocks.
drinking and other evil habits.
there are websites that have math games and school related things.
with different books comes different readers.
in this passage the mood is set to be grateful, happy, and loving right from the start.
rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away.
things like and could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you.
i could just go onto a computer open or download a program a there it is.
i spend at least half my day staring at a screen when i could be outside walking my dog with friends.
she even says, but its strong enough to make it through the cold months.
another thing is, you can research countries, towns, and cities with google instead of having to go out and get books.
they sacrificed leaving their friends and family behind.
is some people that think woman are just slaves, that is dead wrong.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because as the terrain got rougher things to the cyclist got harder.
when he was almost sixteen years old he began to hang out with a bad group of teenagers.
in strong opinion computers are better for the world.
she vows that in the spring, when the hibiscus is budding (restarting its growth cycle) she will restart too and retake the test.
i told you why i thought they did and how.
start doing things that people cant do on the computer.
another reason why i love computer are because when i have to write a project i can just type it!!!
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affected the cyclist greatly.
another reason is because of the poisonous snakes if he disturbed them they could harm him.
for example at dinner, you can get a great recipe off the internet.
parents just need to be aware that once the kids are older, they will make the choices on their own.
well i know it would me if it was are wedding song.
they can not censor things just because some people find them offensive.
newspaper, i feel that the use of computers is no big deal.
it has come to my understanding that there is a dispute about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them, or not?
communication was absolutely not as easy before having computers.
they help many people in different ways, like the , teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life.
that is why i believe computers benefit society.
in the story it says she gets shaky when she tries to say at home.
so should these types of things be taken out of libraries?
finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from nearly anywhere in the world on a computer.
passionate music witch he adores today.
the library is a public area where anyone can visit to find a book, movie, or magazine of their desire.
computers help students research information that they need for school.
he is in the middle of nowhere.
another reason will have to be that if a kid or someone under age rents a movie or there parents rent the movie.
i have long brown hair.
but computer are very helpful in lots of way and its so fun.
thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show.
dear editor, i think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive.
you can chat with people typing.
i think we should have it so it cant hurt and kids so everyone would be right in life
they can go find a different one.
i believe that if there are offensive books,music,movies,and magazines are in the libraries.
she looks at her hibiscus she will have found memories but not be sad.
so next spring she wants to make her mom happy & pass cause she will be ready.
soon the moon was shining brightly.
therefore, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
take i for an example.
the first reason was that the books should be taken out of the library is because their racist.
instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item.
my father filled up a from.
search him up on or .
the last thing we need in our society is fighting.
they grow and mature everyday, developing physically and mentally.
students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier.
the mood that was created by the other was happy.
not only that, but his lack of water depleted his energy as well.
computers give people a place to interact with others.
in conclusion compare use be encouraged.
if a movie is making fun of your race, it hurts.
(paragraph ) despite the overt racism at the time, this community still came together and were there for each other no matter what.
final grade i did not type it, on a computer.
let media be free so men, women, and children from all over the globe can be unique and wonderful!
a safe but easy solution would be to create a section just for offensive items the or people claim them to be.
the computer has changed society a lot, for the better.
you can tell someone what is going on and call the cops.
my first reason is that computers let you learn about different places and people around the world.
these are picked up by spell check.
also to play games on.
in school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years.
that is why you should agree with me that we
if a few people start censoring books then it will set off a chain reaction.
people should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect.
it is all according to you own personal opinion.
one of the many ways is, they teach you hand eye coordination.
you can also talk to your friends on those websites to.
they have been the key to unlocking all sorts of cures for dangerous diseases.
the mood created by the author in.
we need to be healthy about our computer usage.
they help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done.
one affect was the lack of water in the area he was in, which was a dessert.
the author explains how the house was very comfortable for him.
but on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right.
she had a website named to learn.
book publishers put only what they want are kids to learn.
if it can help a driver turn his wheel faster or hit his break i think that hand eye coordination could help that driver stay out of an accident.
is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside.
no need to worry, you can just type that paper up on the computer!
could use it for info on a project or homework.
it is wonderful experience.
hardly anyone would, and one of the things they controlled most was personal freedom.
first and most importantly, he is affected by the people who live there.
do something else than be on .
say if there is a book discriminating a race than i agree that it should be taken off the shelves.
many adults and children spend a lot of time on a computer every day and i think that is bad.
more time spent on or anywhere on the means less time studying, which means lower grades.
using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone.
the content has a right to be there.
because it give me and my friends something to do after school.
it is very hot as the cyclist is riding.
children are going to end up hearing bad words, seeing inappropriate things, and reading offensive passages in books or magazines.
these boxes can be harmful to their users' eyes.
have you ever read a book half way through and questioned why you are reading it?
of all people in the have computers.
we need to put a stop to this abuse of computers.
it is pretty clear to me things need to change.
to the past computers have caused problems with the human body.
i was able to let them know a matter of seconds.
it is possible for anything to offend anyone.
the argument continues because, in truth, there really are things that ought to be censored.
inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing.
', look what i found.'
this is things like staying in town with someone far away, or editing photos.
can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place.
as the setting changes, the authors attitude changes as well.
i suggest that people should just leave the books wear they are at.
another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world.
the next season will be a sort of renewal, starting fresh and coming out beautiful as does a hibiscus in bloom.
i solemnly read on and was filled with a sense of family.
it lead him through more barren lands.
the author could be planning to write a sequel to this short story.
that started slowing him down.
a person believe in something very strongly, and then a book goes and makes fun of it or trashes it in some way.
it shows love and respect to the guests and welcomes visitors.
in a library only certain things should be done.
showing the temperature was rising.
moreover, computers can help you pay bills.
thaipongal is celebrated by the hindus.
later on the setting was against him.
happiness was shown throughout the story.
some parents take offense to a show on the television because they don' believe that is right for their kid to be watching.
if a person was offended by a book they could take it off the shelve at his or her own will?
what is offensive to one person not be considered offensive in another persons point of view.
libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend.
maybe if parents would watch there kids they would mind better than what they do.
his destination on a dry day.
most of our daily homework is on the computer.
the hibiscus is what makes her feel as though she is connected to her homeland.
he has a high moral character.
so these i the easiest and fastest way to project.
books often allow students to think in different, new ways.
he advises us in every moment of difficulty.
i do not think they should remove materials from libraries just because some people find them offensive.
my opinion is that libraries should be used primarily for educational purposes.
other people like reading about that topic, or like that kind of music.
have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed?
just as the geese go south and as the seasons change.
i remember one time a few years ago.
parents and libraries should be more responsible about the offensive content that the children could possibly have access to.
arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become unsocial and turn to a computer.
so then he had a time to get cool.
i know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit.
i hope that my reasoning helps you understand my point of view.
the cyclist was riding on a small road in the desert.
adults and older teenagers can still have their material choice, they will just have to take a trip to the bookstore to find what they need.
but i think on people with computer such as talking to people who you cant see, looking up information gives people something to do.
will never forget the house because it is where learned the real definition of family.
so if you walk in the teenager section and you are looking for a good mystery book.
this is the last reason why i feel computers are bad.
besides the heat the cyclist had to overcome the rough terrain of the of the short, rolling hills.
the author of winter hibiscus probably chose to end the story that way because then its ending with a sense of hope.
also tests such as the blue ribbon test are taken online.
when he finally reached the store he was excited and relived.
if they are that bad they should have something on them like movies that are rated .
she referred to the plant as yet another old friend.
there is no way of making everyone completely satisfied, but with this system a lot of issues would be resolved.
the first town he reaches upon was a ghost town so that means he could rest get his supplies.
students be dancing to their favorite song.
i still feel frightened when i remember the accident.
everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies.
pornography, vulgar language, grotesque scenes and many other things make books and movies inappropriate for some.
after all who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare yourself for life?
do people still need computer?
all through the day, he works with his students.
this setting is important because it adds a sense of urgency to his trip when he starts to run low on water.
taking materials out of a library i would have to disagree.
will leave someone with nothing to read now.
one of my reasons are exercising.
i think it offends lots of people.
he had received a big cut on the forehead.
you can also keep in touch with friends.
wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day.
even though you not want to hear about it, drugs and sexual content are always going to be in the surroundings of our children to see or experience.
computers help us with all of our school projects and get research.
this will keep us from getting into any trouble.
when that happened, stopped using the computer and went back to basketball.
i think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers.
i think the girl wants to be just like flower.
dear newspaper, computers are not something to be afraid of.
nature helps save the brain.
do i believe that some books should be taking off the shelves if they are found offensive ?
others might not think anything of the item and move along.
most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family.
it make some people upset and if it does then they should stay away from it.
even though the right of removing things sounds like a good idea, we should consider the thoughts and ideas of others.
many friendships are formed among people who have common hobbies.
dear , computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the .
instead go to a library.
getting rid of that is just another loss of information.
were not thinking about what power teens have with the internet.
they treat them because they believe that
dear editor, name is , and i believe that computers are a benefit to the world, and people as well.
but if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library.
when doing this they are typically .
dear newspaper , computers are a great invention that we have created.
in the memoir he has a very happy tone because is his proud and thankful.
some people make some ornaments and fancy
furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be.
all you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up.
of the newspaper, i hope you and the rest of the community can see that computer help you more that they hurt you.
have you ever had a time where you think back and wish you could see your old high school friends or even family living.
in this essay i will reflect my views of this subject, backed by true facts that i have learned from many passed experiences.
he describes in good detail all the sacrifices his parents made for him.
you can be playing a game and still chat.
so why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come.
well i guess that about sums that up for me.
in this memoir of the author creates a clear mood.
if you spend your time on the computer you would not be able to help nature.
computers can be very useful to people.
at a movie rental store you would expect to find movies that are adult, but not in a public library.
that is what starts all these things of people saying it is offensive.
one obstacle would be a rough terrain.
what one person finds offensive another could find miraculous.
these computers are bad for people.
i would let him read it to learn about the past.
the passing of the information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the game telephone.
if people could limit their at risk for diabetes.
she knows that she has opportunity to take it again and does it better.
strive to help them.
the mood in the memoir is very uplifting.
he put rocks in his mouth to make him forget about water, and lets yours split circulate.
in the end of the story winter hibiscus the author ends it with a paragraph of encouragement.
and how a house can become a home and how important family and friends relationships are
having anything containing this could spark conflict within or outside of the library.
if there was shade, a breeze, and weather, he would be fine, but he is pedaling a bike in a desert during the summer.
we will no longer have a respected society.
another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take.
you want get excise.
to find information everybody uses either google or ask and many more.
the author is grateful because her parents came to .
if i wanted to, i could find offense in everything that is in a library.
so seeing that it was to big for me to handle alone i got most of the other volunteers to help me.
censorship is illegal where we live.
first he talks about how he is grateful his parents got him interested in cooking.
when she says and beside it was yet another old friend.
he thought about his surviving, and immediately found a shop to and he could drink.
some schools know a day almost depend on computers.
africa was ruled by the white people.
if that happened there would be a very limited supply of books.
computers have positive effects because they can give you quick and reliable and the can be fun too.
secondly, people should play with real people.
ten minutes on computer searching the laws in could have kept her in .
you can learn history or about the present time.
in conclusion i think that should deal with it because they cant control it
however, if there is nothing they know of nearby, they will start to lose hope.
movies are rated for a reason, to give the viewers an age group for which the movie is appropriate.
is a website to talk to friends & relatives.
you pay for the computer outright, but then you have all the up keep and there is lots of up keep.
when people are of age they are allowed to enter the areas, not any younger.
they are known to be friendly and intelligent by nature.
so, the setting does effect the cyclists mood and attitude.
i also managed to get all the information just from my computer.
the cyclist shows that it is really hard for him to move without water.
for younger children they should not be able to check out a that is more adult.
he discovered how to send radio signal by using invisible electric waves.
all this from spending time on the computer?
to learn something that you did not know, or to build on knowledge that you already had.
we visit friends and relatives and exchange gifts with each other.
the way you feel about it should not affect the way other people feel see it
these materials do not have to be removed completely.
the reason i know the mood was happy is because, she had wonderful people in her life.
or how small they are still small.
should certain materials be removed from our library shelves just because it has uncensored materials inside of it?
from my own experience, people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a popular series of books at that time period.
what actually should be kept out of viewing for all to see?
water of the ocean is salty and not suitable for drinking.
would you rather live to or live to .
so there is my opinion on this little matter.
the rice plant needs a lot of sunshine in the last stages.
also, what kids say in profiles.
sections in libraries organizes the library providing and easier access to where things are located.
as you can see the computer can help society.
it says in the essay the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
i know this because it said the water bottles contained water a few tantalizing sips which means it was few left.
i believe that if you have a , or , you have a chance to meet people from all over the world.
this permission slip will and can be used for all movies.
first off i will be telling you about how computers help people type.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
well do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all music you listen to is offensive.
i recently waited to get to know a students better.
my three reasons are that people are not interacting with friends and family, not enjoying nature and getting less exercise.
not even the people that publish the songs and put then on the radio.
if anyone violates the rules, and is not in uniform, or makes mischief, he gets punished.
they have tons of games for kids and for adults too.
there are books up and down the shelves in the library that make people wonder they are up there.
it prevents freedom of expression.
if you have a laptop you can talk to them were every they go or you go.
but with the help of my computer i can interact with them all year round.
the features of the setting made the cyclists journey even longer and more strenuous.
this profession is not only arresting.
students have the right to choose what books they read, as well as the ability to know what they should read.
that is what family is about.
you can still interact with your family and friends either in chat or .
file save, is an idiot proof way to keep all your files in a safe place.
first the setting at the middle of the story was empty and no place to get water.
after all do we really need a computer?
i would be mad if i came to the library to listen to music and someone had removed them from the computer.
my father went to drop them back home.
every person is different, with varying ideas.
another reason why not to remove the reading materials is because it make other reads feel like they are not alone.
or just shows in general.
people can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school.
computers are necessary for reasons.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off shelves.
i believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc.
so then she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so i could talk to her.
great websites that are packed with information, like , can only be accessed using a computer.
also, statistics show that nearly of students use to.
how exactly does the make computers have a creative on society?
so the experts have no reason to that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families.
i just think that spending time with your family is important.
he shouts in the street in an interesting tone.
i believe that the book that none of us read.
how would you like to talk with someone all the way down in ?
have friends from all different race and culture.
who can be the ultimate decision maker in deciding if something is offensive to everyone?
however, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people in many ways.
these are all things people enjoy doing on a computer.
those are the reasons i believe the author concludes the story with that paragraph
i think for the same reason of how i feel about the books and music.
computers are a great way to talk to someone.
finally, there is an amendment in the of for preventing censorship.
it is how others think about what is out there in these libraries not what you think
in fact, showed of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need.
some students go to the library.
censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left.
he memories of her old country start to get to her when she sees the winter hibiscus.
dear local newspaper, people all around the globe are using computers!
by online in chat rooms, bank, etc.
sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs.
he had been drinking he water regularly but the temperature was rising.
for example i read a very famous book called the of by .
i think they should be certain magazines in the library.
taking away things does not mean your just taking away from one, it means your taking away from everyone.
but just like everything computers have their downside.
being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world.
if they are exercising who if i am here on the computer.
as the author describes his life growing up at home as a child, he seemed to have a pleasant life.
his book taught me a few things and made me think different about people.
also, the internet can help bring couple together and potentially lead to marriages.
this is causing kids to become less active.
this author creates many moods in this memoir.
perhaps a restricted section would be in order if the problem would involve corruption of innocent minds, but a full censor would never be necessary.
your outside about a few hours.
this is where i believe organization and limitations come in.
without computers we would not have some of the knowledge we have .
now you are being asked to spread the word about how great computers are and how vital they are to ensuring a better future.
everyone has their own perspective on how they think and if staying on the computer all day is a good thing.
now the has its pros & cons.
for example, in his story the of .
they could try suicide.
the queue was broken.
books about abortion give us an idea about how horrible it is or how it can not only effect the women who go through with it.
a family that i have been close to my whole life had moved to due to jobs.
a third positive effect computers have on people is teaching them new things.
although she is upset about failing the test she will certainly be ready to pass it in the spring.
also, the computer has mainly improved methods of.
you can order order all types of that needed to .
i think that these materials should not be removed from the shelves.
she will survive here, just as the hibiscus will survive through the winter.
in this paragraph he just gives an overall warm and inviting mood.
also is expressed throughout this memoir.
educating a child is to bring an all-round development of a child’s personality.
if you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world.
having to pay to travel.
one the way to the park the cyclist came across a big snake that covered the road which greatly frightened the biker.
helping that child find what they want a journey that should be taken by both the parent and the child.
so next time your reading or watching something that is offending you.
there is death and violence in the movie, along with a brief flash of nudity.
, well that could also be a reason people want materials removed.
i showed to her just like any other time we had gone to the library.
even a scientist can not know everything.
we are always going to have these things that we do not want children to see, but we can start to eliminate some of them.
i came home from a day at the library with materials that my parents did not approve of.
there was a on a shelf and she put it in her player.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in bad ways.
i think the author wanted to show that through the events in the story, she was able to overcome her feelings about a new home.
we can inhale fresh air if we have more trees on this earth.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is very appreciative and grateful.
events such as that are the exact reason why i think that almost any book belongs on the shelf.
i think that it is safe to admit that we don' need this.
taking away topics that are well liked even with words or contents of what they are reading is not fair to the readers.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
each person has a really good ability that stands out.
even now there be those who refuse to read your newspaper because of their disagreements with one, individual editor.
it is a place to get away from it all, i think they should leave them just how they are.
instead going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so.
if they are found offensive then that is not my problem.
any isle of books was open to anyone, i felt that i had the world in the palm of my hand.
dear, the people use the internet.
he grabs one and we are on our way to get it checked out and the lights go off.
everything you need to know is in a computer.
in some places books that are banned to other places are celebrated.
they say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to.
you can also learn about people and their cultures.
teachers, principals, business men, and even children deserve the right to reading what they like.
people are also losing the ability to interact.
everyone has different views also.
dear , i think that if a book is on a shelf the book should be taken off if found offensive.
the author talks about all his friends and family who graced his table in paragraph .
this is why books, and magazines need to be censored in libraries all around the .
it should never come off as a place with things that is offensive of so it should get removed.
dear newspaper editor, of have and use computers everyday.
dear: i think computer are one of the most inventions ever.
first the printer can break.
dear newspaper, when you were a kid?
everyone in this world is different from the next person.
all of those features are affecting the way he is traveling and getting to water.
that goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like.
you could go on the internet and see what is going on from the internet.
do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places?
they might not want to be around you as much.
also, the terrain can affect biker.
since she is going to take the test again she wants to help her mother.
i think it good to have computers because when your younger and no more friends you have been really to them but you with them.
the doctors’ advice patients to take orange juices as a medicine.
no one is forcing you to read it or look at it.
because complaining will more than likely do something about it.
the first of three promised towns had been resigned to that of a ghost town.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
is a place where much business happens for the .
i feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now.
my car is remote-controlled.
but mainly because of the recent issue.
but when they read a book about a kid there age getting kidnapped they understand more clearly on the whys in life.
now think to yourself would you risk taking away someones favorite book.
now a world where people jog together in the park, as they jog, they see a group of bird watchers huddled together under a tree.
computers put a positive effect of people.
if someone wants a good book,magazine, or movie they should ask suggestions from a friend or family member on what they should get.
last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other.
books can be used to teach people lessons on what is right or wrong.
the books from the movies like the side.
there are so many materials in the world that are found to be offensive.
another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family.
did you know that of electricity in goes to computer?
well computers these days have webcams.
all because of a movie or book.
many people think they should.
you can swim, jump, or play sports.
emails, researching, questions on the world around us.
computers can help you get your college degree in a comfortable environment.
these experiences teach us to do, as well as teach us not to do.
their are books everywhere, right.
or you can chat with complete strangers from around the world.
everybody can check out what is appropriate for their age.
it is also an easy way to purchase items.
the rough terrain and harsh weather took its affection on the unaware cyclist.
i see only a few good points in censoring.
so if everyone of it have a effect on if to turn off their computers they would spent more time with friend and family.
it is the responsibility of the library employees to put these offensive materials in the adult reading section of the building.
take this letter into consideration.
these are just a few reasons why the computer is helpful as opposed to bad!
basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful, happy.
you want everyone to go to college and be doctors but they cant if they follow things that everyone else does.
he had a very simple
it is the responsibility of the parent to censor what their child takes off the shelf.
nothing is causing obesity in them computer.
a parent should keep a close eye on what their child read or see.
it has made kids my age more aggressive, have health problems, and care even less about the environment.
in paragraphs five, six, and seven, expresses his gratitude towards his parents, and how much they had to sacrifice.
this reminds me of my step dad .
the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm.
instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people they sit down and play games and watch music or movies on the computer.
computers seem to be the talk of the year.
you should not be able to ban books because we have the freedom of press.
this way you can make arrangements.
did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already.
the author added this last part because it tied and matched so well with the story.
if a person walks by and feels the book is offensive, they need realize that to someone else it might not be and walk away.
this really cannot be helped.
one reason i think the books should stay on the shelves is because some people might need the books for a school project.
even if the book is filled with drugs or nudity, the concerned parent cannot just take actions into their own hands.
if you let periods of time then will help you with hand eye coordination.
you can just take that person out of the world.
different people have different hobbies.
well computers can do that.
it was the first time that i had gone to such a place.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness and love for family.
, the mood of this memoir is defining the love of his family.
all you need to do is type in what you want, and within seconds you have hundreds of different links for your desire.
think twice about how close you sit from the computer.
there are also many websites that have games on them.
one thing we can do is categorize the books by the genre, so that way people know what they are looking for.
shockingly the book interested them.
computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework.
being so happy made this such a warm home in .
books so the human body they do not hid the human body we should know about the human body.
if we see a book with a title that sounds like might be offensive, then we should just walk past .
then, the student will be able to check out the material or can ask the librarian to hold the material when it comes back in for the student.
if we did not have phones to use to call someone.
he had to ride up one long hill so that also made him tired.
they play a big role in society.
books of all sorts should be allowed to children and adults of all ages.
sometimes your friends.
i could not imagine what it would be like in that type of society.
the novel ' ' is an example of censorship being taken to the extreme.
this makes life easier for many people.
public libraries are just that, public.
the conditions affected the cyclist
i swim on a swim team for a .
dear local newspaper, i am going to write to you about if i think computers are a good idea or not.
wild animals depend on trees for food and shelter and birds make their nests on trees.
let me compare this to a book.
now because of computers he is a who does nothing else but play on the computer.
then she would say well was the one who watched the movie.
it expresses the authors feelings or love, the reader feels it to.
communication has evolved so much in the past years.
although many believe that using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized.
if you take every offensive book of the the shelf then you will not learn from the other mistakes it has taken on other peoples lives.
there are dew drops on the green grass.
all other cars could be seen running far behind.
clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos.
also some books that are offensive shows students to not do the things they see in the book.
the plant signifies her memories.
of sleep ever which lets us make it through school.
those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision.
second of all, is that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
of people say they learn social on the computer.
she probably felt that with that flower she would always have a little piece of home in this newer world.
i can understand wanting to shelter your children, but you cant keep them from every thing.
people that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much.
other people were also buying books and magazines.
why get rid of books that others read.
i think the author concludes like this because its almost like a new beginning.
for example, the hibiscus has comforted her in a new country, with new surroundings but it also explains how she feels.
one of the boys calls out, hey, look at his and the rest of his family rushes to his side.
she decided once the hibiscus came out of hibernation, and was ready to bloom, she would be ready to accept her new country and move on.
so get of the computer and go !
we need to stop all this over protection in our libraries of all places.
the reason i say this is because is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer .
at the same time a library can have pros and cons to its information.
dear , in your newspaper, i read an article that sparked my interest.
one reason is that people can chat with one another.
the organiser mr. anthony appeared to be a different kind of a person with magnanimity and charity.
however, yes i do believe that there are items in the library that could be censored.
to take one book away is to take all of them away.
people will eventually see them, hear them, and watch them even if its not in the library.
i think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide.
children that are not in school or in the early stages of school.
also sets that mood when describes her traditional home.
additionally, he biked across a water pump that was well needed he tried to pump water but got no success.
he took same rocks and sucked on them, he went over a bump had swallowed it.
when kids are on computers they always click on the up ads.
makes people stupid, and makes you lazy.
everyone has different views on that book or movie.
if you live in a big city, you have bigger better libraries.
dear local newspaper, computers have a humongous positive effect on people.
then i will take the test again.
making friends or keeping up with the ones you have in a positive way help fight depression.
the three topics are children, , and religion.
the parent should be the one to take responsibility.
these warnings are required!
but until then, we should keep our nations libraries the way they are today
the mood is set to a sad feeling.
so you might as well get used to it.
technology lets everyone explore new topics.
i believe that no book should be censored and should have the freedom to sit on a shelf and be read by anyone who wants to read it.
many people like computers and have one.
the setting had a huge affect on the cyclist.
do i think offensive materials should be removed from libraries?
teens give away to much info of themselves, some have gone missing from such an action.
who would determine if something is offensive or not and to whom it offends?
i say this because lots of people can talk to family of friends long distance.
another thing is can get anything needed.
on of all of that, you enjoy by talking to your friends and family.
imagine that a person comes up to you and says, ' is that you are reading there?
it has hundreds of books.
if a child would be in the appropriate isle for there age styled books, less children would pick up the wrong book.
the boatman came to my help.
it could always be much worse than what it is.
opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends.
oxygen is key to life.
also you can do video chats with your friends if they live far away.
experts even say how computers change the way they act at home and in the public.
with my own experience i have seen bad people do what is expected of them , bad things.
also on parents complain about whats on , well there is a channel button and you can change the channel.
they were not cared for, and the doctors there had no medicine and instruments.
that is their lifestyle and their opinion.
what would you choose?
children are taking time out of their homework to go on the computer, citizens are gaining weight, and children are being kidnapped.
calling someone or sending a letter costs money, but sending on email to someone does not.
many people think one way about something, while other people think of it completely different.
please keep reading to hear my great ideas.
this is why the author ended the story in the manner that she did.
if a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and do serious damage to their brain.
states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing.
he is very helpful to all.
computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best.
what do you go to the library for?
in the long run, doing more things by computer instead of on paper will save billions of trees!
i say this because, what be offensive to one person not come close to being offensive to another.
in everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us.
books, magazines, movies, and all types of media are placed there for the same specific purpose: to learn and explore.
in a situation like this, computers became essential to everyone.
if libraries were filled with tasteless articles and perfect fairyland books the library would become a place where reality is not present.
the snow will melt because the weather changes.
someone might need a certain book for a project.
later that night, i get home and check my , a new notification pops up and i am now friends with my .
the man was very smart in this situation and knew what to do.
most of the items in the library are appropriate for children, but some are for adults and teenagers.
the author discussed the positives in his life.
when a song artist comes up with a song there is a reason for why they put what they do in their songs.
i think it is perfectly fine to protect your kids by setting up rules and boundaries.
the amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your house.
is grateful that his parents struggled just to make life easier or better for their children.
thousand of website to visit and even more games just waiting to be played.
if children are by themselves with no adult supervision and wander into an adult reading section they could look at something bad.
if all the books on the shelves relating to drugs or alcohol were pulled off, how would someone write a report on those things.
she is also not enjoying , because she has already experienced failure at her new home.
the setting affects the cyclist because it is in a warm dry climate, causing him to sweat profusely, and requiring like to drink more water.
; teenagers like myself do not eat for hours.
it could help someone write a paper, to learn about a subject, or do some research on a topic.
they also can get information about what they are studying quickly and more efficiently.
also, students use computers for research; learning about different parts the world.
in order for her to do well in the test she needs something to help her have a little but more confident in herself.
the second drink source he passed was on abandoned juice factory.
in conclusion, i think computers is a great invention.
mother, whenever plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it.
in conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people.
because of overpopulation, there is poverty.
has that ever happened to you?
need to stop the computer with adults.
it has all kinds of medicines available.
if some people get offended (or think they get offended) by something, they would try to removed whatever it was from the nations stores.
there is tons of books out there that have things in them not appropriate for children.
the cyclist is given almost a hopelessness as well as determination to survive as he runs out of water.
i don' know why these books are even needed in a library.
yes, computers benefit the society.
he said yeah, so i went to a local chatroom on the internet.
censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well.
plus there are shows on television that could have to do with racism, or someone being overweight.
the cyclist runs into some pretty tough challenges.
it does not do well to isolate media without first seeing the good that lies in it and the strong feelings it has to convey.
the author finally conveys the theme of rebirth by ending with this paragraph.
these little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized.
in this situation, it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this.
the mood in his home is always happy, and thankful.
we have to chop so many trees down just to get paper to each kid in the grade.
when he finds areas that are abandoned, these are water pumps, but the liquid that comes out be water, but it tastes like battery acid.
the computer can take us anywhere.
the above conditions show the contrast between western society and peace loving humanity.
what about entertainment?
for example in paragraph he says things began well enough.
now you can talk and see a person in video chat.
when i got home and began reading it, it turned out i was wrong.
and that makes the world safer for every one.
there would be no rented movie stores, theaters, or success in the movie production industry.
though troubling, he still had the confidence that he could continue.
cousin lives in and the only way i can ever talk to him is through a computer.
with books in a library with pictures of men and women questions like that do get asked to young.
sat in the place of the boatman and had the joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
my second reason would be education.
there are parents that allow their children to read, listen , and watch whatever they want.
in fact, the percentage of people that have computer is much greeter than the percentage of people that do not only you exercising for yourself.
could be at stake under such principles.
one way he shows he is grateful is by telling the readers how his parents sacrificed themselves to give him a better life.
in this last line, she comes to terms with her present situation.
first, the reason why i say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do.
also, some of these topics could be used for educational purposes.
my dream is to become a pilot.
but when they do move its to get something to eat or go get their phone.
my we should keep computers because we.
i do think they should just be placed in different areas.
i do not agree on censorship in our world.
another reason he is proud is because his parents would help give so many people home to stay in.
the same thing goes for friends.
he got me admitted to my school on an auspicious day.
second reason is that what you might think is offensive, might not be to another person.
in this memoir, there is more than one mood.
i took a tally and out of every kids use the internet at least once a day!
another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now.
where would the line be drawn saying a book is unfit to be or placed into circulation.
the climate in this story was very hot and dry, and the terrain was full of hills, so altogether, that would make one bad bike ride.
finally, computers handy because they telephone.
if we allow this right then these libraries which allow individuality would not be able to exist.
many people use computers for research, jobs, shopping, homework, and more.
it would be hard to teach about these horrible events without offending people.
the hibiscus plant in her mind is a symbol of home and happy memories with her grandmother.
what do i think about library censorship?
you can go online and find everyone, in ten minutes.
the story is about a runaway named ; and a runaway boy named .
it is as simple as that.
all you have to do is manage your time.
i believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems.
do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it?
newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them.
they enjoy watching more mature movies because it is more interesting to them than cartoon shows or movies.
although painful heat was a brilliant way to learn a lesson in cycling, and the old men helping with directions.
if this were done it would still lead to problems like kids reading the books at the library but never checking hem out.
i remember year i was doing a report about the .
and basketball keeps you quick and always running.
if all the slightly offensive material was to be taken out of libraries, that would eliminate a large portion of the customers.
he takes care of them and they take care of him.
the conclusion of the story is that she do like nature, because she talk about the hibiscus.
offensive is a relative word.
the man would curse his lungs out.
more people make a website that allows us to easily keep up with our distant family.
in conclusion, these are only a few ways that computers effects people.
by doing this he expects a better harvest.
we must always cooperate with him in maintaining law and order.
it is no different when it comes to books, movies, and music.
so much is missed because of computers.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the cyclist.
as he continues forward, he notices that there are no buildings, cars, or people of any kind.
another is when they are talking about the racism and other things but says how the neighbors have united.
first, there should be a censorship on what you can and can not get or look up at a library.
believe it or not, using a computers is unhealthy, and not beneficial, in more than one way.
then it was a waste of money to make the building, purchase the books for people, and hire librarians.
should books and such be removed off of the shelves if they are found offensive?
make certain items restricted and red flagged.
even nowadays with laptops if one was to be brought outside, the user would be focusing on the screen, not what is around them.
people sit in their houses and just stare at the bright screen.
like at any or any where there are magazines with ladies in there bra and underwear and its the same thing with the guys.
lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us.
rather if it was to do with people thoughts on religious, race or any other thing that has been offensive to anyone in the past.
censoring those works would be considered a violation to the freedom of expression.
it also make our work neater.
everyone wants to get in first.
it is not right to hide the truth.
this feature effects the cyclist because of the extremely dry heat beating down on him makes him dehydrated.
if someone does not stop the harsh comments, then it never stop.
i took to this hobby when i went to see my uncle in his village.
do you remember roaming under the opera house with the phantom?
well, i disagree with this statement.
they had left friends, family, jobs and their country that they had loved.
a very pregnant woman walked in and took offense to my friends eye movements.
last example is if want to see the person and talk to them so you can go webcam with them and even talk.
computers are progressing into our lives more and more.
how many people do you know.
first, computers have a negative effect on people, including chicken, because computers are not safe.
have you ever looked out the window and saw how beautiful nature is?
no matter how offensive they are curiosity will bring them back on the shelves.
in the beginning of the essay the cyclist is very confident.
you can also have fun online if your bored at home and have nothing to do.
i have cousin in and i talk to him through webcam are more people then who talk to relatives elsewhere actually almost soldier talks to someone back home.
we saw that a man was getting drowned in the lake.
you can search someone or something across the whole world.
next, he came across a fork in the road which was troubling to him.
you could tell he was passionate about what she was writing.
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
also, all the problems he faces are setting related like the snake & the rough road.
computers is what we use to live we need them to survive.
technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do.
especially if they are not hurting anything or anyone physically.
when i asked what movie she was looking at, she turned the cover over with no reservation and, said' '.
there are over i information sites on the computer.
all he did was use that blasted electrical error call a computer.
his parents taught him that anybody you can trust his family, anybody that you help because you know they will do the same for you.
for example, last i went to tennis with mom and shes never on the computer.
a negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able.
they would probably act friendly to get the kid comfortable then they would end up kidnapping them.
all you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with one of your friends that have one too.
a parent not want their child to read, hear, or see something simply because it offends them.
ah, i love hearing my computer thunk on when i wake up.
finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future.
also when you look for a home decorator you just go on the computer and look up websites to see some of the work they have done.
these are just a examples how moderation could be very helpful to everyone.
it has helped one as a student.
you can talk to people the faraway you lose.
this is why computers are bad.
even so, it is still on the list of suggested college level reads for classes.
the only thing we should be worried about is the rated movies.
for example if you are in school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information.
let us innovate and create a new, better world.
lets move on to a bigger idea.
many people around the world use computers to communicate.
what about in the court room?
in conclusion i think computers have not benefited society.
it might help us make a better future.
not everyone can be happy, but everyone can be appropriate
my father explained to me that the sound was due to the landing and takeoff of the airplanes.
the computers are like by matter the most in life, to being more focused on them.
that law still exists and has been used many times to defend people arguing to keep their work, their words, and their ideas out in the world.
they can help you build social skills for now and for our future.
some people in this world would just take the matter too far and get offended by everything.
finally, computers are great to communicate with people far away.
if i was a person who got offensive by something that was on the shelf at the library i would pass it up and not pay attention to it.
the censor often poses a few questions that do cause one to wonder ' it really better off this way?'.
in conclusion the setting did not help him not one little bit.
by doing this you will burn calories and get to learn the same stuff you would have on the computer.
sensing their pitiable condition, the neighbours used to help them, by turns.
the first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes.
if one removes these from society in any form, then at a raw standpoint, they are removing a piece of flavor and individuality from society.
books can teach us so much about the past, we can learn so many things from books then anywhere else in the world.
and she knows that if the hibiscus can survive the snow and the cold weather of the winter, she knows that she will not fail either.
also, living this secluded lifestyle can cut off ties with your friends and family.
there are many shops where shopkeepers sit inside with their
people spend to much time on computer.
the books sometimes talking about what happened a long time ago and stuff like that and it sometimes offense people like that.
make some that have like cartoons in them and comics for the little kids.
if the content is too offensive then it should be removed but only under special circumstances.
all in all, the removal of offensive books, magazines, movies, and songs is harmful to the public and to the libraries themselves.
in conclusion no type of material should be removed because it has been found offensive.
though television is a very useful thing, if we see it continuously it can affect our eye-sight.
censorship in school libraries is important, but at the same time it is not necessary.
also, the rolling hills exhausted him from working to cycle up them.
computers are a great tool to use.
for all the reasons i have stated, i do not agree with removing anything off the shelves because something finds it to unacceptable if not offensive.
everyone needs to know about the ups and downs about their country and the others surrounding them.
some people do not agree with most things, but that is something they will have to face, because not everyone can be happy
there are countless religions in the world today, many of which are accustomed by their own god(s).
i honestly think that anything should be allowed in libraries.
these two subjects bring me to my last reason, if people cant find what they want.
entertainment can not always please everyone.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the question of what about her test?
another reason is that something as simple as a flower can encourage someone to keep going even if they have nothing to go for.
just like me most of my life i lived an apartment and saw it as any other home because of the parents you have there that care for you.
please consider the following.
movies be different.
many people believe that computers are positive towards our society.
what is the best way to learn now things easily?
some might say that is unfair to that one group who does not agree with the content of a material.
dear , i believe that computers benefit society very much.
examinations are held in every school or college.
second, you can spend a lot more time with your family.
in conclusion, computers do benefit society.
he prepares fodder for the animals.
and if we got rid of all the more mature books what kind of books would all of us more mature kids and people have to read.
however, her husband killed himself.
the new technology has caused people to loose lots of time when they could be doing other things that would them in life.
said , a science teacher at .
computers are used by billions and they a great way to learn stuff about are whole world and the things that are on it.
they make lot of delicious food on ramzan day.
lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children.
dear editor, have you ever used a computer?
this affects the cyclist because he gets dehydrated because of the horrid heat.
this is not good because they should be out having fun, not on the computer all day.
if you take those away its like your trying to hold people back from education and knowledge that they have in books.
just like freedom of speech we should have the freedom to read, listen to, and watch what we enjoy
as i said before, if they do not like it, then they are not required to look at it.
for example, a small girl was playing a game on the computer and a person began talking to her, it could be a predator.
generally most libraries are quite large and organized into various sections throughout the building.
the teacher’s table stands on a platform.
this shows that if he needed help, there was no one around to lend him a hand.
the book might show different perspectives of how people lived when racism flourished.
these ideas in magazines, books, in movies, and even in music has changed the world upside down.
they help make more product in less time.
why they wrote it that certain way.
first, teens can do harmful stuff on the internet to themselves or others.
this section could be as simple a separate shelf, or could go to the extreme of a separate room or area closed in by a curtain.
this is how the memoir showed a happy and comforting mood.
if someone finds one aspect of a work offensive, that does not qualify for the work to be banned or discarded.
if someone is offended by one of these things i do not think that they should be removed off shelves or advertisements.
this shows that they want their new country to be more like their old one and when it is, she will be happy.
being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts.
we develop good qualities.
students use the for many reasons.
other wise, they parents are having their job done for them.
because children and their parents are spending way to much time on their computers.
also throughout the whole memoir you can feel the happiness when he talks about eating dinner with all his family members and friends.
finally they spend time with their friends and family.
do you want to be thought of as and ?
i believe this because computers benefit by its online, internet, and overall help in other things.
his parents had a room house, but there were able to turn it into home.
so him dehydrated trying to get ground a snake would be terrifying.
people write books all the time dealing with something that has happened in their lifetime or something from their imagination.
the internet, and overall help in future situations.
if you are offended by some of the material thing you should avoid it, not get rid of it for everyone.
being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products form websites is just amazing.
surely the effects of computers cant be good.
you can use computers to meet people from different countries.
i say that because people look at magazines that have shooting in then and that have crime in them to.
i understand if everybody thought it was really offensive to take it off but not just one person.
this is another reason computers are an impact.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
i hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people!
if someone is walking into a library, they have to be responsible.
but we can prevent this if we the of time people out spend on computers.
since the internet population is growing, companies allow people to fill out applications and send in resumes in order to apply for a job in said company.
sent over the , faster than any service.
because other people should have the right to learn about something if you have already learned it.
lastly, ) working people use the computer for work and reports.
what is education for?
at best, they were taught how to write a letter, managing household accounts and reading the scriptures.
the features of setting affect the author because it moves him dehydrated.
using computers could be fun for some and work for others.
computers can take precious time away from you that you could be sharing with your family and friends.
but if you are hooked on the computer, as so many of us are, you just not spend enough time with family and friends.
he has no worries, no hardships, and no troubles.
this memoir is indeed heart warming and touching, though it is very inspirational.
libraries can not censor their materials!
you see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media.
in conclusion everything in the library should be censored.
i like to shop online for discounts and sales where i know thing are cheaper than in stores.
now here comes the negative effect.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
lastly, school was computers .
this decision is now up to you.
however, i believe that is not true.
just because the student chooses this topic, does not mean that he or she supports it.
the sections in a library range from mystery to romance, so find a different book and leave the offensive ones to people who like to read them.
that can disappear in a instant.
get into a fun conversation or debate.
finally the author gives us a sense of culture.
some people like to see new and beautiful places.
i think that movies and magazines should be removed from the shelf because they might have some stuff in it that little kids could look at or watch.
third reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because some people find jobs online.
you could just sit down type in a few things, and get all the information you need, and more!
show cool thing you have that are new.
a study conducted the shows that children that use the computer hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day.
therefore, the setting was affecting to the cyclist.
in this modern world, seem hard for you to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life.
there are more books in the library you can read.
either way she should be careful.
libraries cant please everyone.
you would become over weight and unhappy.
for example, in my life i use my to video chat with my sister, , who is a freshman at college in .
you might be upset and find it unfair, because you cannot do some things.
it, too needs to be taken away if the language, sexual conduct, and criminal behavior messages are adult rated.
while this seemed a fair stance to take, the parents then took things a step further.
i went in her room and turned off and questioned her where she got the from.
the book, titled , was about a girl who went through some troubled times but found her way out of it.
nothing but obesity.
magazine companies put revealing pictures of people on the front cover to catch someones attention.
his mood was also very appreciative.
maybe you are a third grade teacher and the little kids are driving you nuts, go to , and educational and fun website.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
people trying to censor entertainment and look into the best interest of their loved ones is perfectly fine, but you cant blindfold them forever.
i believe the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is showing that the hibiscus inspires her and gives comfort that no person could try and do.
also post and pictures on the internet not always be appropriate.
offensive books are most likely found in the teenager or adults sections, not the children section.
let me throw out an example to you.
all websites that can stay in contact with your best friends.
in this story the setting affects the characters dramatically.
now there was a time when know one knew how to read or even was a loud to read.
yet parents lot the children on them.
they never showed sadness and they loved and cared for her.
from hard, cold text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit.
i believe if there is something offensive in a movie, magazine, books, or anything to any kind of people it should be removed for good.
last of all, censorship can also be a good thing in some circumstances.
when a lot of people begin to protest that same material, it has a high probability of being banned.
no the material is held under lock and key, but it is also left to lay at a child high shelf that would seem appealing to them.
computers have helped save lives and benefit lives in ways people never could have imagined sixty years ago.
secondly, the internet can also be very unhealthy and can create you to become less social.
here is my second reason.
the removal of the potentially offensive material would not be any help.
this activity what , they monitor, lets you at , everyday, since he comes home and plays on the computer and more time exercising.
and you can take online classes.
many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, or even days of sitting in front of their computer, they become lazy.
so as you can see, i that computers benefits society in plenty of ways.
with a computer you can just go into your office and do re search, that saves money or gas.
everyone knows that family comes before everything!
then also some offensive material like videos or movie can be very fun and make the movie great to watch.
writing letters is to slow, on computer the other person your talking to can reply immediately.
maybe try looking at a a few pages of a book you once heard about.
computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways booking transportation.
the setting affected the cyclist a lot.
due to their role, the cyclist takes an unmarked shortcut that turns out to be horrible.
for some students, the holidays mean more work.
throughout this memoir the author creates moods, whether good or bad, of the memories of his childhood.
this device has allowed people do buy things online, talk to people online, and also provides entertainment for some people.
i by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog.
my final reason i think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time it should be reading time.
this is a terrifying effect on people, because now these computers are brain washing us!
these are many other reasons but i' only required to talk about three.
as you can see computers do benefit the society.
if these offensive things were not aloud to be showed i personally think it would help out are country is full of racist people and documents.
the choice of visual words in this story are words to describe what affected the cyclist.
he remembers reading that sticking pebbles in your mouth calms your thirst.
he grows food crops.
computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves.
go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike!
a child enjoys perfect freedom.
and that my friends is not alright.
the book only be offensive to one race or religion.
in conclusion, everything in our life offends us in some way.
do you ever have time to read?
this agent can currently be installed on such products as our televisions, computers, and phones.
using computers could possibly save your life one day.
to sum it up, computers allow you to talk online to people.
i feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered.
i have many opinions upon this issue.
their was no way i could find out way the was killing the people over in that town.
now it is much easier, because keywords are matched.
you can learn about faraway places.
it is necessary to water them every day.
this quote shows that she misses her own culture & cannot adapt to the one that she lives in now.
a lot of people use a computer for fun.
and even though those events are in our past they are still very important to our present.
sometimes i wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second.
anyone can check out a book at the library.
they will be able to do more thing without messing up.
for example, when the terrain turned to hills, the cyclist had to struggle to climb the hills which caused him to use more of his energy.
the book had been written during the cult of domesticity and was filled with ideas of the submissiveness of women and their devotion to the home.
and which is for all age groups.
there are no friendships or communication with other countries.
ever went to the library and seen a book that was to graphic for a certain section.
i can say for myself that once i log onto the computer, i might not be off for the next hours.
a lot of things are offensive because of religion beliefs, but not everybody has the same religion or even a religion at all.
the adults use computers for there work ability and in schools.
shows that just because one person thinks one way is right does not mean another will.
as he rode he started to get tired slowly and he got work and more thirsty.
therefor if items were being removed from a public place that gives that, would not let this happen.
little children go to the library looking for books and etc.
i for one agree computers are helpful because, they help you learn about new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things.
as you can see computers have a positive effect.
you are able to talk to people from different countries.
i cannot fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding materials from the public.
they must learn the good from the bad sometime.
overall i think computers have a positive effect on society.
this lack of water is a big problem for the cyclist, so big that he was near heat stroke.
my grandmother would tell me stories about before they had computers, now my dad works on and he tells me stories about his day.
this should not play a role in whether or not materials should be removed from public places such as a library.
when people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff.
from electronics to animals.
on a rainy day, students will spend time on their computers.
for all those lovers out there, the computer is an alternative.
not only should censorship be allowed, it should be enforced.
also if someone upload a virus into your they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number.
they give you access to an amazing amount of information.
the only thing keeping us from pure evil is the and their ratings on movies, music, and television.
the internet is amazing, but i think everyone forgot the joy of going out with friends and family.
computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects.
the concluding paragraph explains her next goal.
you just got to know how to avoid it.
also the hibiscus will survive, and while she works towards her goal it will develop more.
while using a computer you can also talk to people.
this is not the case.
although there are many new methods of communication nowadays, the post office is still very important.
she is constantly on it.
so the way he was suffering from dehydration physically effected his emotional state because he felt as though there was nothing he could do.
i understand there concern but there can be a way to stop them from getting to the inappropriate material.
probably not to happy.
a person should be able to sit and listen to a nice song, or book without getting disrespected and offended.
the cyclist has a lack of necessities in the features around him and is letting his pride fall down; giving up on hope.
afterwards, she bought the to comfort her homesickness.
we need computers for communication and to learn things that need to learn.
some people can and some people cant.
as you can see, technology these days is always getting more and more advanced.
computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways.
he gets up eats breakfast.
second, people can interact with family and friends online.
magazines have certain articles that are racist and certain articles that are very offensive to certain religions.
when people use computers they burning fuel which harms our environment.
but then it shifted.
they are living in an apartment that has one room, but years later, they moved to a apartment.
does a book become inappropriate because a teen girl becomes pregnant within the pages?
one thing that is important about the computer is the advances in technology caused by it.
then, he talks about his house and about how he had he had his birthday there.
although this is true, i believe that there are many more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries.
we how you, computers make life better and much easier.
computers can be relied on by people.
experts should not try to have less people on the computer.
so if you need a computer for school or work stay on task!
of people only use computer to connect with family.
also the computer can teach you lots of thing.
also when it comes time to pay taxes, fill them out and pay on line.
but , books stores took the off of their shelves because a tiger and a pig could never be friends.
also for businesses, their stocks of the company can be updated every minute.
the government of the needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional.
india was also ruled by the white people at that time.
this is shown when she says a blossom of two would have blown into the well it reminds her of her homeland.
yes, due to the fact that some books are a little above others age of reading.
thinking its okay because somebody that is not even real, most of the time, is doing it.
this is where you could write something down in the computer, send it to anyone and receive a reply within seconds.
this is something we hear everyday.
'i look like i am dead and dress like a homo', is another line from the song.
plus the heat made him real hot and thirsty.
i know the other day i saw a really mean comment that made me feel bad for the victim.
then it disrupts that persons study.
with this shows that it was fun, warm, inviting, and exciting.
think off all the calories that build up without exercise.
i believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions.
sitting in your room, bored?
my school is very good about this they see one flag it and put it in the back , but they still let you read it.
certain material such as books, movies, and magazines should not be removed from libraries.
party with friends and family.
we also live in a country where their are so many drivers and cars on the road.
physical and psychological defects are cured by colour therapy.
it even gave websites on the back of the book.
technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park.
everyone has an opinion on how things should be in the world, and no one is necessarily right.
i think computers is a positive effect because it can help you connect with other people from different parts of the world.
the first time she said that to me i went to the computer to see how other people were having to me.
it was really wonderful.
there are book if you need information.
the author has good moods.
this was all in result of using a computer.
people never want to lose relationships.
in hot weather, the water bottles will turn warm and in sunlight, water could even evaporate.
he sweat to much to the point that he lost an enormous amount of bodily fluids.
then there is email which can send letters, photos and comments.
then she was almost dehydrated when she came to a rickety road which had a few tumbleweed and a huge snake which was quite difficult to get by.
over vast changes of terrain.
they would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything.
this is because the author tells what his parents gave up just for him to have a good life.
people get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day.
some of the things you read and hear about in books are totally unacceptable.
computers are a benefit to modern day society because they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friend, and provide entertainment.
there are many opinions on censorship in libraries.
it would also help them on their reports.
suddenly i felt that i was in the fairyland.
people would be more fit, have closer bonds with their family, and get better grades in school.
sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways.
in this type of setting it would be fine to allow any type of book in the adult section, marked mature.
there are things on the market that has an error of a certain group who might like action movies.
certain people find things offensive and others think it is perfectly fine to have in a library.
also, the story says.
if someone wants to say something, they should be able to say it.
initially, ones safety while using a computer is at risk.
the feature of rolling hills also affects the cyclist.
he admitted me to the first grade.
you can learn how to type really fast.
he is able to fill his water supply and regain his strength before pressing on.
you can also understand about what happens when you say bad things out of the offensive books.
this just happens to be one of my opinions of censorship.
google something like trees.
like a true story about a break up, of a family or a relationship.
education is an of all need, but what if the college that you want to attend is too far from home and you cant afford to move in ?
there i was, shuffling my way through the library, finding the perfect books to check out.
the heat definitely affected him, because it made him thirsty.
i think computers are bad in three ways and i want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards side.
now i will move on to give more details on my first reason.
finally, we can make friends from all over the world.
another reason that computers are bad is because of the internet.
lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people.
the features of the setting in, rough road ahead affect the cyclist.
had a warm and loving childhood, which he depicts greatly in his memoir.
but computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them.
with computers you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever.
if offensive material was banned from libraries, our society would have eliminated one more problem that is taking away from our good world.
a computers makes it and it through a lack of information to just computer and find it faster.
we can do it, we will fight!
a doctor’s life is hard.
if the books that swear were no longer on library shelves society still will not change.
this emphasizes the characters total lack of resources.
so next time you hear some one wanting something removed tall them this or next time you want some thing removed you refer back to this.
he wants to be alive.
for family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have.
computers are only important for school, but also in the work place.
like some books, music, movies, and magazines.
books are another good resource if used correctly.
they help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics.
they help organize your thoughts, which stress.
my six hundred dollar computer crashed!
lastly, it is a great communication strategy.
i think that their should be rooms were certain adult books are at.
we never thought something like that would happen, it did.
there is a lot to be learned from only a few words.
there will be games online.
if book were to be removed from libraries, people would miss a story that they might connect with.
those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer.
computers are not the way to go.
the internet has a massive effect on us.
that means your going to have to not let it get under you skin or get over it.
students have to learn them when they study mathematics in higher classes.
your family is much more important than a silly computer game.
he recalled i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
you can send them all emails in under a few minutes.
not everyone has to listen to rap, nor do they have to listen to opera.
from my perspective i think it should stay the same.
the way artists make things abstract that could kindle some controversy.
in conclusion i think computers have a good effect on people.
at any moment, anyone and everyone could die.
they also showed him the meaning of family.
i thoroughly believe they are mistaken.
even i will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that i can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while.
in this cyclist case the environment affected him in many ways, from bumpy roads, ghost towns, and trees.
the authors parents bought a house that was big enough for his family and his mood was grateful due to his parents.
you can almost feel how grateful he is for is happy childhood and the selflessness of his parents through the writing.
taking certain books off the shelves have a negative effect on people.
music should be listen to and movies should be watched.
the problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens.
if books are being taking away then very less books will be read.
, the less interesting title is what your news will change to if people keep using computers.
when asked how he did , he said he had been playing computer games since he was years old.
in my opinion our country is about freedom and censorship is not exactly upholding the constitution.
library books offensive?
we do not deserve offensive books that have bad things in them.
well now many things can be ordered offline.
his troubles, thirst, & fear were all behind him when he saw that sign.
the advantage in technology has provided many new ways for family and i to communicate with each other.
children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically.
this reminds me of when recently i had a report to do on and all needed was my computer.
the possibilities are endless.
must learn in order to teach.
regardless of the language this book used, it shows a part of history.
in this modernized world computers are key.
for instance, their clothing.
in the end computers are something we i need in are life because it makes life simpler.
i think the author concludes the story the way she did to show determination.
a while it will eventually take a toll on the body.
to conclude, computers greatly benefit us and are good.
one time when i was a young lad, i checked out a horror movie from the local library not knowing what the movie was about.
right off the bat, i can think of many offensive or inappropriate books, movies, songs, and magazines.
it really makes one look back, and see how much their parents have done for them.
this is also good if you business online.
the family loves this plant.
finally it makes me feel grateful to my own family, and friends.
music and movies have ratings which tell you how strong the language is on the cases.
books are usually good things, although they can be very bad.
in all the games some rules must be followed.
your computer is to do many things.
would you be okay with kids not having the option typing their homework?
i say, get rid of that computer.
we need computers in life to help us do jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and for research on homework.
it is possible that they even might not care.
writing so you can hear me out on what i have to say and persuasive you on this essay.
being able to chat with friends is one of the best!
computers also help teachers.
i feel that books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from shelves.
i have surveyed friends and resulted with five out of ten go home and chat to friends online.
they use their tail for swimming.
but, you stay home to webcam with your aunt.
probably not this is why websites like and are getting more and more members each day.
their is no reason to give people access to material that could be offensive to other people.
you will realize that their are more than you would believe.
there is a direct connection between the lack communication at home for teens & computer usage.
people will always read no matter what.
the book enclosed many horrible acts against black people.
they also get receive an unconventional or unintended education.
we should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about.
so next time anything else just think the other options.
like you are writing an article on dolphins, you could learn more about them.
it was a flat land, than rolling hills.
when you read something in a book or magazine that disturbs you, put it down, or throw it away.
making the public recommend the book, and it having positive outcome on the press is the best an author can ask for
also, talking to friends online is fun too.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
if all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday.
i know even more than .
i disagree with library censorship.
also the rough road made it difficult for the cyclist to travel it.
because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising!
no on lived there, it was abandoned.
at midday, we have a recess.
over all, the author kept the mood lively and definitely happy, although the happiness went on through difficult times like segregation.
these kind of things affect our every day living.
and giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help save.
weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
it is where the author is trying to show to the reader.
computers allow people to play a wide variety of games.
for example, last year everyone had to pick a state and learn certain things about it.
products in a library are for anyone to view, not to judge.
movies apply to the same rights and topics.
one thing that i find very useful on computers is an online textbook.
total censorship, i feel, would not allow for people to broaden their minds.
then i learned about .
everyone was always at his house.
for kids when they go on computers they are doing things they enjoy.
if we remove a certain item from the library then we would loose a certain amount of people.
the author described the love of his family throughout this memoir and his friends also.
therefore i have determined to treat the poor people without any fee.
censoring books could take away from learning.
all the old people i know hate all the rap.
i think society is too much time in computers.
another advantage is that when your on the computer you can chat with people through webcams.
when students are working on a report, they very often use the internet to get information.
i was thinking to visit a suburb of singapore.
they are posted in different parts of the country.
never, have i ran into something that was offensive to me or anyone else.
for example, say you need to having to wait days for the mail.
they have poisonous liquid is entered to the wound of it’s victim.
in many schools students ask their friend a question about homework.
the author this very calm and cool.
this makes him sound very thankful that his parents played that music in his home.
but how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day.
second some people would try to band a book just to start drama.
it must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful.
so when you cut down a tree its like robing.
everyone has a different personality and different perspective, there is no need to ban a book for everyone when we are all different.
explaining how his family loves cooking and playing music.
i think it depends on how offensive the material actually is.
this could cause him to drink plenty of water and almost lose all of his water supply.
the mood definitely helps you feel and comprehend the story better.
also when the cyclist went through a terrain change.
when i get older and have children, i believe that the library should be a kid friendly place.
it is also true that some people are not getting enough exercise.
computers can also help by talking to people.
if the gets caught on the bike it could have caused him to fall and it could harm him.
this can affect the cyclists will to keep pedaling, and if they have no determination, the cyclist will not go anywhere.
although with internet, i can talk to my family whenever i want!
we need computers to do things and do tasks needed to live life.
well the internet is a great way to do this.
you sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is.
you can check information about something you ever forget.
in terms of race and religion, everyone is considered equal, but in terms of level of , everybody varies from one another.
i believe that computers are doing us more good than their harm.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
people spend way to much time on the computer.
movies have a rating system for a reason.
i think we need to reform this problem soon.
in some movies you get to choose on what you want to watch.
also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in.
should a few bad words keep a book from being a prize winner.
when shes willing and able she will take the test again with more confidence.
i wrote the beginning it and my hand started to cramp up.
you can read and write with out using a single sheet of paper.
then it tells the month summer of course makes the temperatures for the cyclist about almost maybe even hotter.
he was becoming tired and thirsty.
my point is, that can happen to you let me change that to everyone in the world.
they can also read classics by great authors.
one time i went to the library and i was looking for a romantic book to read and i could not find it.
however, we can change the way that we view these people.
the hibiscus inspires her to push forward and try again for license as the plant pushed forward through winter.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society.
what experiences did you have?
all my friends were also invited.
its a scary though because these children are our future leaders.
unfortunately most newspapers have vested interests.
i, myself, am very free with my language and the inappropriate and vulgar things i say.
well having a computer allows this to happen.
we should be string enough to look away and not fight about it.
that my give you a virus.
they can open a whole new world to learn and be entertained but also a world of inappropriate items.
when you limit the themes of books in your library, some kids just pick up less and less books as time goes by.
for example fast is like texting.
one because of freedom of speech.
the kid then starts using these words because they think they are cool if and use them.
flat roads was replaced by short, rolling hills tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
i think it should be open but not just anyone.
the technology is there.
there is a reason it is in the library, and that reason is because some people enjoy it.
when he arrives at an old rusty water pump, he feels disappointed and tastes a liquid that resembles battery acid.
this i think can help with the problem.
and with this family came the good times.
i think that because of many reasons and i will tell you some of these reasons.
this not a good way to spend time.
all and all, the author created a mood in the memoir.
but it is and because they his parents had him and they had a house feel like a home to him.
i believe that we should organize our books, movies, and music in a different way perhaps.
if people are wasting away, staring at their computer screen and not getting any sort or exercise in, the number will get bigger.
she is also thinking beyond that by just laughing at herself and trying to conserve every bit of energy she possibly can.
there are many reasons why the author concludes the story with that paragraph.
the features of the setting did affect the cyclist in this small story.
we can email back and forth every day.
i hope you see how amazing computers can be.
i was spending around hours online and getting on sleep.
whether it be magazines, books, newspapers, movies, or music.
dear , i believe that using computers has a benefit to the community.
however when you look at the facts a computer can teach a lot.
your complaint that causes the banning affects everyone.
but, i say they are wrong.
i person should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like.
communicating is something else the computer helps with.
but when it comes to a nude magazine, all about sex and being naked, that should be in adult stores only.
, i strongly believe that we need computers.
libraries are for obtaining information, and for reading; not for brewing up offensive opinions on certain topics.
anyone, and even i can make observations of the acts going on around us.
first of all, who decides what is offensive and who it offends?
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
but one hour or more, is too long.
each book in a library bears its own relation to each person that enters that library.
there are people that think there kids seeing bad things will make them want to do it.
they loved many people who they knew they could trust.
i feel that the people at the library are lazy personally.
also if you somewhere faraway you can watch videos about that place.
it makes people think in different ways.
obtain an email address, type a message, and click send.
it makes his muscles work harder and use his strength more.
we all must understand that although we all have differences in our beliefs, we must prevent censorship and accept all.
in school you are not offered what you want to read.
computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are great and they are not our thought process or went to run around outside and play sports.
just because one person reads a book or magazine and they find something in there that they do not like they call offensive.
you just look at the top of the book case or at the ceiling where the signs are.
however, the cycle is a good source of the body.
did you ever stop to think that the piece of information that your child was bringing home could be offensive to someone else?
another reason is to express the theme.
some be fond of other genres and some dislike the other genres.
he took a shortcut but it ended up taking longer and he got dehydrated.
camels are ruminants but camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing.
we are the and parents.
could get included in and join activity.
computers are not that bad.
so, the base they ace at you can talk to them over video mail.
without the water, he could become very weak and dehydrated.
webcam programs like which you see and talk to each other using a webcam and , where you can find your friends and check how their doing daily.
you must understand how important this technology is to our society!
so why should those things be?
it was important to express this again.
being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more.
this idea goes the same for everything found at a library.
the mood that was created by the author was respect.
through reading, i have taken the position that the government does not have the right to impose censorship on the whole population.
there are millions of sites containing such content.
hope saved his life because if he knew he could not continue that he could die.
most of all because the hibiscus blooming represents hope - the plant will survive through the winter months and will grow again and become strong.
buying books that you would like to read can get expensive.
on the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days.
all of which peoples opinions are created by life experiences and many tragedy' they have been apart of.
one thing that catches them is the beat, it just makes them want to start dancing.
a lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people.
should not be taken away from the library shelves because there will always be some offensive objects that some individuals will find offensive no matter what the object is.
we should not result to censoring books, movies, and music in libraries and other places just to try make people happy.
and if the people are uneducated on the issue of rape, how will it ever stop?
this, to me, is the way it should be in all libraries.
now on to more about why.
books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas.
the computer is like a cause and effect.
i like the freedom and easiness of a computer.
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
they did not feel that they had the intellect to talk about science or anything like that.
some people use their computers for business of work related.
if you go on the internet you can go and searching person or place and the computer will find it for you.
many people find inspiration from books and movies so if these were limited to only particular subjects people would begin to feel pressured to be the same.
it be fun, but it could also but your health.
it helps with communicating with other people.
the idea is simply unfair.
she realized the once strange things were now part of her everyday life.
sometimes, he even views inappropriate pictures when his mom is out shopping.
there are laws against restricting what a person can or can not view.
in my personal opinion, libraries would be better if books, magazines, movies, etc.
in conclusion, computers keep you from spending time with your family, has students misspelling words, and distracting you from doing your homework.
the people will choose what they want or what they think they want to read or watch or listen too.
also getting rid of the computer can stop the homosexuals from getting a hold of kids by acting their age.
but will all that said i agree with the benefits of computers is very well used.
however, not all individuals support censorship because of their children.
it is up to them as to what they want to watch, not everybody else.
then there was a ladder show.
they feel they need to focus on winning and beating all their friends.
he said that what they did was a more courageous thing than he could have ever done.
you can even fill out a job application right then and there.
here is a quote from the text.
the shortcut only leads him to thirst, and no park.
and the library is a good way to search and find information about anything
many types of people go to libraries looking for different things.
with my own experience, i know these cannot be a worse kind.
the rough road not only would take a toil on the authors body, but also his mind.
it is always neat and clean.
another reason is that you can communicate online for free.
or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer.
if you keep it up now it not seem bad but hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes.
he started to run out of water because it was so hot and humid.
another thing they can do out of a hundred others is let you communicate with other people no matter how far away.
instead of getting outside and enjoying nature, they waste time on computers.
in the world, there are just some things that our children should not be exposed to.
however, if this device was not around, we would have to use postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money.
for instance, one of my friends handed in an essay and our teacher did not accept it.
the internet is where most of this takes place though.
for instance, i was mortified hearing that the first time.
if someone personally thinks that a movie or book is offensive, then they should not watch that movie or read that book.
sometimes the books that are the most informative are the ones that are offensive.
there are many things that can happen in magazines like porn.
we can use different tools to set up a slide show while also looking up information on the internet.
you can print pictures and find information.
but because he did run out of water it made the effects much worse.
when the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, the cyclists journey became exhausting,never ending, and difficult.
this memoir can pick the spirits up of any person in poverty that does not like the home they live in or their family.
is thankful for that and feels that is lucky to have such a close knit community of friends and family.
what would you do without them?
i have never in my years of seen a book or heard of someone who saw a book that offended them.
every piece of literature that has ever been written documents a portion of history of the human race.
if he had cars and buildings on both sides of him that probably would have give him some confidence but that was not the case.
throughout the and other countries there are libraries that hold offensive material.
my third reason to why i feel we should keep computers is.
so then they call there buddies and say lets try this and most of them do then there in trouble.
typing on a computer in leisure time is a skill that will be looked for everywhere.
without this gadget, we could not be able to live the life we have , a life that can get us to where need to be.
the sun rays also add to the heat the cyclist feels.
everybody is different in their own way and everyone has their own interests and opinions.
not traveling outdoors deprives our body an important .
dear local newspaper a lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society.
she buys a hibiscus and plants it when she comes home after noting the geese flying south for the winter.
fine out where the wall of is.
this is why i believe the author ended the story this way.
if you find a book to be offensive, you can simply stop reading the book.
had to settle for what was given to him at the time.
because the author is showing that nature and the plant are valuable to her.
different people like different things.
my doll is a beautiful teddy – bear.
there are a couple complications that will arise in censorship on libraries.
on the other hand, are some books offensive to readers.
she first has to grow and adapt to the new surroundings.
a god fearing person will never become sinful or violent.
with more people making use of computers, will be the more technology benefits our society.
for example, companies that mass - produce their products often rely on computers to do jobs more precisely than a worker.
my third and final reason why computer have bad effects on people is that kids do bad in school.
the only friends that you would most likely have is friends on the computer.
the sweet memories of this period are glorious.
censorship in our libraries could get a little graphic and such.
newspapers are important pillar in a democracy.
magazines inform us on what new and interesting.
in libraries there should be a control over what certain kind of books, magazines, or movies that children should be able to read.
all of these would affect the cyclist because it would wear & fear on his physical & mental strengths.
to begin, i will explain some problems in our libraries.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist in major ways.
computers are sometimes dangerous for people.
although computer are good for this they be addiction.
research things that they have never known.
the love feeling comes from the bond between friends and family.
should you take control and get rid of it?
computers are sometimes the easy way out.
therefore, never depend on the internet as a source of research.
well keep reading to find out!
more and more people use the computer.
first, he described a beating sun and pines and rushing rivers.
the person has the right to watch or read what i have.
, when it comes down to it, most books, movies, and songs are meant to be interpreted in many different ways.
about the other films?
when you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money.
is responsible for her own views and choices.
but i know this because its says then i will take that test again her saying that is her saying she will thrive again just like the hibiscus plant.
do people have the right to limit freedom?
in paragraph it explains how he is happy about his life.
this is why computers are beneficial to the society.
no form of life exists on it, due to unfavorable conditions.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
computers have some good advantages here and there but mostly result in a negative effect.
the solution to this problem is simply to not remove the books.
over the years they would of never done that, and rent movies or buy them to have on your .
a computer can store what you learn too.
would you be able to about from you living rooms without computers.
the computer does help with the educational needs students in .
i feel that technology can be both good and bad.
because people with jobs most of the time have use or have computer.
i believe that people should not be able to remove books, movies, magazines, etc.
there will always be rude things that have been said, but we should be exposed to them so we can learn from it.
if they want to play that game, or read that book they should be allowed.
last reason is you need a computer to put music on your players.
it was hard for him to keep going, being dehydrated so bad but he had to.
the reason for essay was to show why the process needs to be stop.
because of a lack of .
the books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday.
the library might loss its people if they take a book out for the wrong reason.
you could learn about other places in the world.
because of that, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen.
go out their enjoy nature, spend time with you family, and get healthy.
for example, you can research almost anything.
in conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education.
another thing i like are sports.
this piece of technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that without it, everyone would be stupefied.
some claim that certain kinds of literature and music contain offensive lyrics or writings, while others, over the same topic, believe the complete opposite.
do you have any better ideas?
if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy.
this could make some satisfying results.
my bro, , had on assignment to do .
the author also shows that she was taught how to do things by her parents, and that she was happy that they did that.
computers and laptops should be network disconnected to make people get off their feet and do something helpful or brain building.
i would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas.
they also play with complete stranger.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because the author is showing how she feels more comfortable with her old home.
this shows that even large important still use it for work.
it shows how happy he is that he can live in , and lead his own life.
i that parents these days are really happy when you have come home and made new friends.
after coming back from school i spend some time to nurse the
books have been around for a very long time.
with all honesty, books and novels were made for a reason.
students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the .
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
as with some parents they have their own rules.
even with that being true, the question truly is, will it do you any good to take those things away?
i think that this would be fair for every one.
computers are essential to our present day lives.
what are you going do?
computers affect people in that they help to send out news and stories causing them to want to help people.
chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults.
also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well.
the violates the separation of church and state.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because of the many things that could make happened to him.
if a person is offended by something someone wrote, they should just avoid reading it.
all of the materials cover a really wide range of topics.
children need to know what has happened in our past to see what they can change in our future.
i do not think that i would have that type of experience if these books were removed.
think about you opinion, does anyone care about what you think?
this is why a teacher needs to read the book before assigning it the students.
if a high majority of people want a particular material banned, then it is hard to ignore them.
they can submerge themselves into obesity.
children are curious and they are always attracted to things that are colorful and different.
open distribution of newspaper articles and things containing disturbing images ought to be censored.
david-jonathan, etc.
he started of determined, then as the setting changed he became doubtful and frustrated.
no matter if you have to start all over and doing it again.
give the book a chance for it have a power that is unrealized.
with modern day technology all that is possible.
they help you with things.
because some of the things are very mean in books and movies.
you can have fun with computers.
therefore those people boycott the series.
my first reason is that they relieve stress.
what can yo do if they live far away?
how would you know what happened?
more and more kids are falling into those traps.
a lot of teenagers and adults have because it gets.
who cares if someone is black or white?
it also means you can email that walk to a teacher or notes a friend who might have missed school that day.
we also have a pair of lungs which help us to breathe.
i was thrilled and excited, as it was the first time that i was going to the forest.
it also serves as a great place to exercise.
also there were no other travelers so he could not ask for assistance from them.
i think they have a horrible effect on people.
he is a dehydrated and tired that he could see a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice in his mouth.
with all these things considered, banning books from a library hardly seems to be the best course of action.
i have had my experience with books who are offensive to me.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
so this heat will eventually heat up the earth.
down the road the setting started to change from flat land to hills.
he talks about his family and when he was a boy and were he grew up.
compared to an alcohol addiction, about , or drug addiction, , addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly.
next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs.
computers are going to be around for a long time, and when they die down it will only be because something better came along.
their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways.
we all helped the man to pull the little boy out of the swimming pool.
amazingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in a whole new way.
in the every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to.
we are a family of five members- my grandfather, my father, my mother, and my sister.
you still have time to change your life and say no to the computers.
if the books are offensive i believe that they would not put the books out for everyone to see.
by looking it up on the computer, you can become an expert on the country!
first, kids and even adults can talk to there friends online.
you can learn a lot of new things about other countries.
this could be a very bad influence.
offensive literature, sexual content, disagreeable topics.
if every thing went by one mans rule of what to and not to read we would down grade as a country and .
or listen to music there are websites for them also.
some books are offensive but there books and a library is there to provide books.
this means that people can not just ban something for what it might say or portray.
thinks when the time a to, kids have to type up essays and prompts that its unimaginable.
dear editor, have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important?
thank you for your time, ,
that is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills.
there are groups who both support and challenge these ideas of censoring books and other media from our children.
she will take that drivers test then.
they allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch.
one way setting affects cyclist is when it is hot, it is harder to cycle long distances.
some say offensive material should be taken out of libraries.
the cyclist in the story was hot exhausted, and hydrated.
the dessert is very hot.
you save green and are green!
censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading materials that people can learn from and enjoy.
people can not just take the books out because it offends so many people.
one of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnaps.
the last kind of books i think is offensive is books because they are hard to read them in .
that would be so wonderful for everyone.
computers are used overwhelmingly more often.
then, i came across the music.
well, no, because they think they will get entertain by technology instead of their family.
you find a book that is immature to you, but you do not have to read it.
my address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload.
after that, my father bade goodbye to the principal and went away.
now a world where every country got along because of online friendships.
it dint really matter.
on the computer, there are many settings.
to make his life better.
he starts out confident enough and then reaches the first town the gentleman described.
go outside run a little, you would be amazed how much a little exercise can help you.
the mood given by the author in the memoir is sweet, loving, and grateful.
the books and things in the libraries need to be changed and not be so bad.
sometimes these images get to us.
it tells us what was happening at that certain time.
with toxic, the layer and skin cancer on the rise.
everyone should be able to take care of themselves.
they need to be written, read, and selected to be published.
a simple solution is talking online to an actual person who lives in .
this is what i think the mood of the article is about in the memoir.
people have the freedom to choose, whether it is books, magazines, movies, or music.
this memoir did however express a lot of feelings though.
i believe it should be taken off and there are alternatives to this.
please help defend us kids in this case about computer use.
which could cause him to lose the will to carry on.
that was the mood of the memoir.
if you take a picture right after you won the championship soccer game, in your jersey.
all you have to do id turn on the computer and then you have an intent link to them.
the computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy.
if the government would assign someone to censoring books, magazines, or music, there would be a uproar.
personally, i know at least poor young children in my very school that are a victim of the cruel disease, known as obesity.
i am a good basketball player and enjoy playing this game very much.
not only this you family.
i go for a morning walk regularly.
one should not be ineligible to a book or magazine or watch a movie.
secondly, could removing a book from the shelves limit your ability to learn something or hear something from another point of view?
not only will you have better communication and the news at the top of your fingers, but you will also have advanced education.
also another thing are advertisements.
lastly, when viewed carefully, computers are very reliable, and can be made extremely safe, which eliminates the main fear computers.
fortunately, a big tragedy was avoided that day.
he gets everything without doing anything.
all of this things are happening because of the computers everyone is getting.
at first she gets nervous and scared, so scared she tears the leaf off and shreds it to pieces.
for , i play music and talk to my friends at the same time.
if a child wants a book from the adult section then he or she would need to have a parent with them.
take anatomy books for example.
a good book is healthy.
the fact that he is traveling through desert terrain also helps us realize that water is scarce.
there is no way to approve a book to not be offensive, because it is not offensive to every person who reads it.
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
for instance, he makes it to this town a guy swore was there, but it turned out to be abandoned.
it gives us thoughts we have never thought about before and they tell us the newest updates.
get up and get outside!
the author was grateful that the chance to growing up in the .
no single person is forced to read a book they are offended by.
the features of a setting can clearly affect people.
i mean, if this is such a problem there should be a certain section to find those things in.
the author states that he is very grateful for his parents, and that there is no way to express the love he feels for his parents.
i really hope you can understand my point of view.
means that if everyone took out books that they felt were personally offensive then there would be no books.
yes sometimes i read a book that i find offensive, but i have learned that if i do not like does not mean someone else does not.
furthermore, if i needed is contact friends, i just them, rather than speaking in person,.
did you know that kids that spend more time on computer are more likely to do poorly in school?
computers have to technology to go online and chat with various people all around the world.
thanks for reading them and have a nice day.
() , things start to change hits changing terrain.
the plants are losing there leaves.
also you can find free work out videos.
if a book has a few curse words oh well, tell your kids to stay away from it if you think its bad.
computers are very useful in many different ways.
you can just order them.
he states the sun was beginning to beat down, , the sun was a big factor on the affect on the cyclist.
he tried everything to get water but made it through with almost no water.
i think that there are are books, movies, and other media materials that can be found offensive to someone or a group of people.
it would have been a lot easier for the cyclist if store or people would have been around, exact is the animals.
computers a benefit to have.
almost everyone has one that they use.
both bright and weak students fear examinations.
this shows how close and kind the neighborhood around the house was.
my first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others.
that means that there should be appropriate books and magazines that are also age appropriate.
computers can also be very dangerous.
the can make up there own minds, and usually they do what is best.
without computers would not know the important news when needed to or information needed for a specific moment.
every person is different and likes an option to pick a book that they can get in to.
i want to live a humble life.
when you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to to say and how to act.
the result of the school is always good.
every minute you are on the computer you can learn something new!
so for just reasons i would already rethink.
some being; to learn, to get us ready for college, and to be independent.
these negative comments will get nowhere in life.
it would hold a sway to a certain group of people and therefore, no longer be a safe haven for all to go and escape the world.
not one minded the inconvenience of wet umbrellas, soaking shoes and wet clothes.
some call him , some call him the man, and others call him the government.
he speaks to every one and is generous and kind.
some of the things that affect the cyclist was the lack of water.
that means that even though someone is not blood related to you can love them just as much as if they were.
also the author is saying that when the seasons change, things change.
in conclusion computer have helped a lot to people because you can shop online communicate and learn , overall computer have really changed lives for most citizen
it gave her a chance to connect with a part from her old home, in her new home.
this means that the cyclist must conserve water so he can stay hydrated for the trip.
once i came up on a very horrible seen on the computer.
they are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others.
it makes them have a meaning.
another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are you memorize them.
another reason students use is to look up information for reports.
i do not think it would be fair for just one person to be able to have the right to do that.
but for sure the computer is the best because you can research stuff and you find out more important facts.
they just make things so much easier.
poverty often takes over the situation with a side of racism and discrimination occasionally.
the most common, computers are widely used by a majority of people, but are computers really beneficial to society?
the four main things that affect him are the heat, lack of water, lack of nearby buildings, and .
please, let the people stay in touch!
while the hibiscus represents the old memories of her past and homeland.
you could be out side learning hand eye coordination.
also, lastly, it less your hand.
the features cause him to consider he die soon, as well as present a variety of challenges to him.
it is an institution that is allows one to go places that they will never go and live lives they never will live.
options, and abilities to use!
obesity is not the only problem that is damaging their health, their eyes are being damaged also.
children specially the younger ones like her very much.
dear local newspaper, it has been brought to my attention that why on a nice sunny day like this somebody would want to be inside.
however, if we had the right to remove things we do not like we will ruin the enjoyment for others.
you will probably end up reading the books that you are not supposed to anyway when you get older.
but the farther his trip went, the hotter, and less water supply he had left.
it allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them.
they would take any job they could find.
that was one great comment from time.
you should go to your school and tryout for any sport that your good at.
freedom is the key to any way of living.
he cultivates rice is the main food of
now remember, computers have bad effects on people because it makes people unhealthy.
from reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us.
now you have to call a repair man who will charge you even more money!
the censorship start out as a small intervention, but it could turn our nation upside down.
let me explain more these reasons.
it is not like a child will go up to the dirtiest book they can find and say ' i want to read that one.'
it can warn man of a possible storm.
even in a car the desert can be a very despairing place.
if the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well.
when we go to for a vacation, i help my grandmother to water the plants.
some people do read it and it is produced.
do you think way too many people are on the computer.
i also thank that it is a good thing that kids are wanting to learn about what they want to do later in life.
it is true that he finally gets caught.
second, you make friends.
now, stating those two things, has come to my attention that the computer is also extremely helpful.
everybody is unique, different and have their own opinions on different things and ideas.
overall the main mood of this memoir is loving.
how many times have you been in a library and find a misplaced book?
have they not visited the place for months after months or even years!
libraries should not be told which books they can and cannot lend out.
hobbies keep us busy and happy.
without computers, being able to see their pictures and what they are up to would have never been possible.
the censorship in our libraries today vary from each library to the next.
another example would be slavery.
it was extremely not out in the setting he was in.
censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world.
there were some policemen who were maintaining law and order in the fair.
i think they should really stop making those books or have their own stores to where like adults can go buy those books or whatever books they want.
they improve our minds and awaken our souls.
there are sections for young adults, mature adults, children, non fiction, fiction, science fiction, and so on.
kids do not need to be learning these things at such a young age.
would you really want that for your child?
the cause stress and unnecessary drama.
this is not good for a growing teen.
no material should ever be removed from a public library based on censorship.
he finally get happy when he reaches the bait shop and he got his drink.
my mother starts her day work early in the morning preparing our meals.
if you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life.
because she saying when the grow back she will be to take the test again.
i think that computers are good thing to have around.
have you become a better person for doing so?
if someone were to decide to take down a book or movie that they view as offensive then they are breaking the freedom that this has.
it is because you know what is right and wrong.
first of all, computers have a positive effect on people.
libraries hold a lot of important books, movies, music, and magazines.
unless having books that seem offensive is worse than having the events we dread happen again, then books that are found offensive should not be censored.
yes, i mean reading is great, but now having the computer is faster and easier.
people like joking around with others.
he came across an abandoned juice factory when he needed an occupied building.
parents need to quit thinking they can get their child to believe there is nothing bad in the world.
young kids every day are told what to do and what not to do.
they have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment.
they can also see how nice or bad the countries and states look.
in conclusion, the setting had a major affect on the cyclist.
they also might like to learn things that they never thought about learning.
thus, they disturb the class.
also you can talk to people around the world.
these are any a few problems the cyclist encountered.
with the you could learn a lot.
one way is for school.
i think is dangerous for kids.
there are various reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
there would probably be nothing left.
another example is when it says tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me.
sleep is essential to the body and mind and going without can be damaging.
a song can a as much as it can take one away.
this might just be the greatest thing about the computer.
it would sometimes be a good idea not to search for something all night, or someones going to be mad at the electricity bill.
it is up to the parents or the child to decide what they want in their heads.
you use a keyboard for all this so you also learn how to type.
punctuality means doing something at the fixed or appointed time.
in freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and the freedom to have your own opinions and interests.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that technologies for kids and adults to use computers.
i was mortified that the little girl had to hear those words at such a young age.
as you can see, computers have many positive effect on people.
i think the mood is kind of both happy and sad at the same time.
i think they are good because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting and they help people learn about things around the world.
one simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer.
it makes a bad impression on some people.
first you meet how people or friends.
the mood created by the author is very happy and grateful throughout the memoir.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful.
others have different ideas.
read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen.
what is your choice in these actions.
also the library really needs to look at the material and decide if it is appropriate for all the readers that look at the material.
if a school is allowed to take away one right of a group of people without punishment, then they might start taking away other rights.
everyone has been teased once in their life.
with a click of a button you should be going to or a nice vacation.
computers are helping society become more and more lazy.
i think high schools to put these books into the libraries because it might help some kids grow up and become more mature.
if someone dose not agree to what another person is reading they don have to be there.
the mood created by the author is , , and relaxing.
lastly, entertainment is the biggest thing with computers.
can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user?
but they are not good enough for people.
they help kids have fun with the games we can play.
instead, they are inside on their computers.
materials are placed in a library for the public to enjoy, not just to please certain people.
i do not think they take into consideration that young children will be listening to their music.
it really make miss out on half of their day.
we all at some point have seen or learned of naughty magazines like playboy.
besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future.
they even became your new best friend.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist.
removing offensive books from libraries is the exact same thing.
the next day we went on a city tour.
i like playing games and editing videos, so i got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos.
for example, the internet, and websites like , , etc.
now, i can see how books are an excellent resource in society, and how they provide for amazing information, however it takes years to publish books!
not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
computers are great writing tools.
if a person was to not want a certain type of books in the library, then i think that person should just try and ignore the books.
first of all he ran out of water because of the heat.
the statements given by the ministers, legislators and other politicians are published in the newspapers.
i feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid line.
there is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others.
whenever there is a vacancy, suitable to their qualifications, they are considered for it.
another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library.
in result trying to censor libraries by removing books and music really is doing anything.
computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper.
when i was about years old i loved to play on the computer i thought that this was just a game.
i lived with them very happily.
that is not what needs.
but excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up.
crude comments are found in classics and are a powerful influence on the mind.
that is certainly not the basis on which this great country was founded!
most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you.
for example, some poems are written with a vague tone so that they can be interpreted in different ways based upon the person.
i get so engrossed in the book that i often to eat.
most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe.
the computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society.
by reading, these children can easily expand their vocabularies.
with essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy.
this is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed.
it tones up the whole system.
we can learn that are going on from far away.
how do you act, and what should you do?
if someone thinks the content in a book, song, or movie is offensive, then they should not read or listen to it.
so as the plant blooms, so does her comfort level.
without computers kids would get more exercise and be less overweight.
other animals that give us milk are sheep, goat, and camel.
so no one should have the right to tell people what they should and should not read.
no, the reason i say that is because if it was offensive to me,they might not be offensive to other people.
the route had in some places no buildings at all to see making the cyclist loss hope of his need for water.
the computer also allows you to talk with people far away.
this reminds me of the time when a massive earth quake hit and traumatized its citizens.
for example, moving grown up books to a section where children will not read them and have nightmares about a picture they saw in it.
three just happen to be that they help people get work done faster, they help keep you in touch with friends and they help students to study.
but being sick from the computer is gross.
throughout the book there is foul language used that is considered offensive to some.
some people might think that it is a good idea to censor things on library.
there are plenty of important activities, such as, spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and jobs.
experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends.
the author concluded the story with this paragraph because it shows you can over come something if you have the will power.
dear i think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody.
i have use some examples and common sense to show you my point of view on what i think is right or wrong in this situation.
in the beginning, the narrator is content and excited.
when on the computer kids will eat.
if you do that for week you will be very tired and sleepy.
do you have computer at home that you go on?
libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone.
to end this story my reason was yo can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun.
a bagger is not a responsible man.
they could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers.
she was looking very pretty.
many products such as paper, gum, rubber, etc, are obtained from trees.
the net came down to earth, as each pigeon left his weight to the carried by others.
but now they want movies or music.
dear readers of the , computers are machines that have been around for years.
the movies and music i think if it really offended somebody that they should have to either change the lyrics or get rid of it.
also for music all you have to do is look at the songs on the back or they have them with or without anything bad on it.
i felt bad just for reading this, because it just made them sound like horrible people.
when the cyclist reached the bait store, he probably felt much better, and very relieved to have gotten there before he had a heat stroke.
or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught.
his tone is thrilled and thankful for his rich culture.
i am going to list a couple of ways that i think censorship is bad and also why it is good.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
then they split up for good.
did you forget the number of your favorite football player?
there are men and men and every stone is not a gem.
i liked to explore the library and find new things.
they keep the students reading and growing.
this censorship is narrowed down to just inappropriate images, but religious, political, and cultural innuendo as well.
suddenly, it was like i was in !
the features of the setting effect the cyclist on different occasions in different ways.
if you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it in and it will show up in the matter of seconds.
computers, as you know, are one of the worlds greatest information posts.
these days, people are mature enough to read offensive material.
but every town the cyclist came to was deserted.
to whom it concern, censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries.
another thing you could do so the computer is socialize.
who has forgotten about the past.
some argue that a library holds documents that are offensive and should not be put on the shelf, but i beg to differ.
a very close family friend was very obese.
it seemed very difficult, as i kept falling.
its just this time you will know and would have learned from the past mistakes.
now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day.
i know i do that all the time.
but shell be a different person also.
interest vary, but a teen like the same type of books as an adult.
first the computer we could use at for every thing like go to other place you want to visit.
dear local newspaper, i would like to speak upon the topic of the effects that computers have on people.
no parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up.
anyone is capable of possessing them.
some of it should be left up to the school or library, but it is also a responsibility of the parents.
while cycling, you are in need of clean water.
have fun and learn lots!
computer help the environment too.
movies and books can easily be censored.
most importantly, you use the computer for school work.
a conducting experiment that are rigged.
a horror film is not suitable for a of a young age who believes everything he or she sees on .
throughout the year, use billions of sheets of paper to write letters.
if they trust their children with these materials then that is their choice.
are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured?
education is very important especially in our economy today.
i hope you agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
this shows that the writer appreciates how much his parents cared for others, and how much others cared for them.
however, the belief that there is freedom of choice in reading is correct.
another example entertainment is when younger brother.
throughout the computer, there is many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing.
the hibiscus is also a symbol of her life.
first, the hot days with not a lot of water to drink.
this means that the cyclist is in the middle of nowhere with barely any water and energy, causing even more problems.
)offensive material will be out in the world.
we are trained as humans to look for the bad in situations.
some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health.
music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things.
one time my mom had just bought a new computer and i stayed up all night on the internet.
so should they be removed from the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay?
computers allow people to stay in touch with long distance friends or family.
if a child read something about sex, he or she might be curious or confused, and ask their parents about it.
this saves the lives of many people.
also it teaches good that you might not have learned anywhere else.
i feel this way because people need to start exercising it more, and interact with family and friends.
dear , you know, more and more people are starting to use computers.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes, and brain.
there is also the compromise.
just ask yourself do you want your kids getting bullied?
there are a lot of people out there who like to read.
there are special places for porn such as the internet.
people of different races and cultures have another opinion on the situation of censorship.
but these people are the people who are unfriendly, mean and sad.
there are lots of different kinds of books, if the books you are reading offend you, look for a different type of book
once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public.
the setting of this story takes place with a man biking and then taking advice from old timers to a faster route.
the entire nation had become reliant on computers.
the author of this memoir put a mood to it.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
information, communication, and life skills are all important to our human nature.
i know a family that has a son fighting in the .
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are great for our society.
censorship in libraries limits what people can enjoy.
there is no way a child could check out an offensive book, take it home, and read it without their guardian knowing.
in conclusion when it comes to as easy as riding a bike, you need to take precaution in what might lie ahead.
people are able to read, shop, and play online.
books and movies with adult content in them can also provide insight on what a society should not be like.
that is the last reason why computers have positive effects on people.
those are three moods that were created by the author in the memoir
these things are wrote to teach people and children about how things used to be, they are not used to harm people.
and had the flavor of battery acid.
then, hills came into play which makes you more tired and thirsty.
in my conclusion, about this article.
my three reasons are to look up information, homework and talking online to friends and family.
he thought back to his memorable birthdays and feasts and it made him happy.
i know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone.
for example, the hot temperature caused the character to get dehydrated.
talking with others by computers makes the world go round.
censorship is used in the media to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear.
books have been around for hundreds and hundreds of years.
my daddy presented it to me on my eight birthdays it helps me cover distances in a short time.
the kids should not see them or know about them at all.
and i believe other students would agree with me, better to type the essay than to write it!
when you do get though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well.
recently on the news i saw a segment of how at they are using robots to make surgery more efficient.
it creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things.
there, the cyclist tries to stay focused through distractions.
the library keeps the adults section with things that adults would want to look for.
people will end up getting fat if all they do is sit around on their computer.
everyone is not the same.
writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this topic.
so in all, i would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society.
computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you need times in life.
this was true in the censorship of , as well.
if one parent finds something to be offensive or inappropriate, they shelter their children from it.
computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it.
the cyclist tip gets worse when he reads for the next town.
with this, kids and adults are communicating in high end ways that waste too much time.
she gives herself the winter to practice and get ready for the test .
in the past years many people have gained a lot of weight.
i hope you see what i see now.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
throughout the story it says how she feels out of place just like the winter hibiscus.
the explains one of the more major downfalls in and how it brutally effected the people struggling for life and money.
my conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still.
i love all of his books but these ones are the best.
when i have a project, i always use the computer to find important information about the topic.
from slave states to all free states.
could anyone, ever leave those who you care most about behind?
last thing is that it helps you communicate with friends and family members that live to far of a distance where you cant see them.
statistics show that you can find more information on a computer than a book.
in the morning nature is at its best.
plus you could get at places for working with computers, you could make programs, and anything you would want.
we have the choice to pick what we read and listen to.
the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because it removes the availability of the book from an interested reader.
after that extent, the kids would be learning too much at such a young age.
i feel that the mood (s) created by the author in the memoir is happy, proud, and grateful.
you look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse.
mostly everyone does the same.
another problem with the physical environment was the road conditions.
finally, say someone wants to learn about for fun: they type in look at all the websites, choose the best one, and start reading.
years ago i look a trip to for the first time.
as a kid we look up to our parents.
movies are mostly just made up ideas that people come up with.
many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place.
its not just cause there mean or because of some kind of reason to gripe.
the mood is proud, because the author goes on about how amazing their parents are & how inviting the house was.
when surveyed, of people agreed that they talk to relatives from other places on the computer.
some materials are and should continue to be censored, but to an extent.
a library is a place of learning or reading for entertainment and those very offensive books do not teach learning or are entertaining.
in conclusion, people should have limited time on computers.
how would i get along with these students?
that is how the terrain affects the cyclist.
in the world there are today there is about billion people.
with movies, the rule in libraries should be the same as anywhere else.
many kids are adamant about it, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to get it done.
this shows how one gets drained by hills.
also, you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them.
no one should be able to decide what is appropriate for the public to know.
i think things should have to be very offensive to pull them off the shelves.
but technology can also be distracting.
it would help me in getting admission in a good university.
i have one such neighbour.
these are other examples why i think computers are positive.
yes, computers make life easier, but they have a much more negative affect than they do a positive one.
they also have emails where they chat with other people.
now lets go into the wonder world of technology.
can you think of a book that you hope none of your children or any other children have taken off the shelf?
i believe the correct answer is computers.
these are some examples of the mood that was created.
they help students learn more and could possibly help you start your own business from your home.
the last and final reason why this is you can get a lot out that you could use.
there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my baby sister.
the cyclist also had a really bad time, because he had to taste stones in order to make his thirst go away, one example of that is when
so i think that this is a good way to talk to them.
this includes children and families.
also, a of says that less people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chatting.
there are too many people in this world to try and censor the materials libraries display.
the cat is domestic per animal.
its proven that students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well.
there is nowhere within sight that he can turn to for help, water, food or shelter.
everything would be so much more fun if you were there and got to experience it, not just read about it.
in many school libraries certain books, music, movies, and magazines have been removed because of the content in them.
the setting plays a large role in the story.
i use to search it all the time and i made a poster project for fun.
just by doing that you lose a lot of weight and not gaining weight on the computer.
his parents were thanked repeatedly by him for their strength and perseverance and taught him that friends and family are very important.
between going on for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life?
people that changed the world and other information.
in conclusion, i believe that the library has a right to own books or movies that are somewhat offensive.
my favorite place to go is northern in .
so i think that there needs to be more careful eyes in the library staff to make sure that those kind of things will never happen again.
are you a parent that wants to know how their child is doing in school?
they can learn from a new point of view.
if people still are getting mad over petty stuff like that, then what are they still here for.
we will not be a respected nation anymore.
also, it helps people talk to people from different countries.
books and magazines should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive.
l could drop from a heatstroke.
these days its hard to hide all harmful material from children, even some teenagers.
almost everyone can remember a time a child when they were young and innocent, free of worry and trouble.
computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time.
to keep the society from becoming offended, or for that matter, thinking.
when people are on the computer they are not on for very long.
one night she had so much hope, like, abundance, then the next she is in foreign land that is nothing like her old home.
with the a stuff i gave you it helps you see the out look on stuff that is offensive on the shelves
children now a days know a lot of things and are intelligent about certain subjects.
after all i am the parent right?
the people start yelling because they did not find it offending.
all of these thing are the definition of family.
sounds to me like computers have a positive effect on people.
next, computers have even more advertisements that encourage people to travel around the world.
no, is to judge what we see and hear?
the short rolling hills make it harder to pedal because it is hard to pedal uphill.
there in the bushes i could see a herd of deer.
if these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of will not need for everything to be censored.
if they are in our libraries, how can teachers and administration keep us from it during school?
this should be a high priced reason for agreement!
our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and i feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way.
you might as well stop trying to take down what we grew up to away from us.
but even more importantly, what good is hiding the truth?
the author concludes the story with this because its winter now + the flowers are gone, but during that time when she was planting she grew more mature.
she then proceeded to purchase the plant, because she failed the test she needed something to lift her spirits back up once again.
i know you think its taking away real social time but it really is improving the community.
the adult must be or older.
lastly computers let us talk to other people online.
then everyone will know the answer.
no problem, you have a computer at home.
i do not see freedom being thrown out the window anytime soon, we might just have to keep living with offensive products.
they think that it is wrong.
lastly, if students have project or homework that they need information on the computer could always help.
computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price.
he creates this by telling the about how his family took everybody in.
it shows her getting used to the new home
the way the author puts the words and uses them shows the mood of the memoir is grateful.
whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes strain to keep up with a small font on a website.
many parents believe that certain material should be banned because it exposes their child to bad morals.
for example, you can find out about other countries in the world.
well since you are still reading on that means you cannot make up your mind.
explains that if one person has a right to take a material off a shelf than everyone else has that right.
children see a lot of things that they are interested in and can find it all different types of ways.
this shows his love for his kitchen.
course not, and do you want to miss your flight for vacation?
dear , opinion about computers is good.
some movies can also be offensive because of the actions in the movies.
i believe that libraries should remove materials that are offensive.
now use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students.
for example, the sun was beginning to beat down.
computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources.
a pool of blood had collected on the road.
computers are great sources to do school work, they give you information your looking for, and are great ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
it restrict the of the audience and of the writer, which prevents growing experiences for both.
some of the books can get pretty nasty and terrible with all of the things they say.
these are the reasons why i think using computers is a good thing.
as a person, i am well associated with my mind, and it desires the freedom of choice.
numerous people who find the materials offensive must also remember the time and place the story originated.
allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info.
so many millions of children throughout the english speaking world must have read these books.
it also help people like cops.
this way, people get what they want, and they have some time off of , too.
secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways.
therefore i have decided to become a teacher.
as i mentioned before, when the police officer came to our school he talked about this.
the in our cars are computers; we would be lost without them.
not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed.
computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends.
children learn about drugs in movies, books, and can hear about them in music.
most people east, sleep, and drink computer.
ever since they were invented, computers have been advanced more and more even years.
right from the very early stages a dog is perhaps the only animal who has helped mankind the most.
children are going on the instead of doing there homework.
he also gifted me a new bicycle.
my father bought the tickets and we entered the gate.
learning so much about the place makes me want to visit there someday.
the mood created by the author was a great mood.
the fact that there is nothing living around the cyclist also affects him.
when that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips.
because you would spend so much time on the computers.
they could play a variety of games.
i like my school very much.
the story says, plants that she had even realized she had known but forgotten drew her back into her childhood world (ho).
now its a fishing store and drinks lots and lots of water.
if a book has to be removed from a library then why did they buy it?
com and were able to learn math and have fun at the same time.
it would be rather nice to develop courage to lead a simple life and determine to do good work.
how about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined?
you are probably using a computer to type the documents.
in the desert, the sun was beating down on him and he had a limited supply of water.
such as political cartoon.
finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business.
the best way is to play lots of education video games.
by simply having their age on their library card, there would be a lot of misunderstandings taken care of.
growing up, my parents would watch carefully about what shows i watched, what music i listened to, or the types of magazines that i looked at.
that to me sounds like when he was growing up it was rough and he never actually loved some one in his life until now.
computers can teach us!
when he finally found the fish camp, he was relieved.
my grandfather gifted me this car last christmas.
so people should not take away books, movies,and music that are bad.
in a recent study the amount of families with computers is now out of compared to the out of in .
and the reason why i feel like that is because i passion for computer.
the library is a homestead to the knowledge seeker.
we know this was the case for the cyclist because he says, but not before i gathered up a few pebbles and stuck them in my mouth.
some parents deem this inappropriate, but it has made the young girl feel better about her situation.
someone out there hates these works, and he should not have the right to ruin the opportunity that these books and short stories could give someone else.
readers want a variety of books, music and movies to choose from.
at the end of the memoir, the author went back to the present, talking about the past times.
they also let people stay until they are able to get back on their feet.
one of my favorite is and it was about character from the past and get back together and do one more mission.
yet, my brothers are influenced by things, such as the media, to say them.
on the news, there has been reports about children being influenced to have a gun and hang themselves, etc.
the many features of the setting affected the cyclist in many different ways.
they might think that it should be removed from everywhere.
the author concludes the story with the main character vowing to take the drivers test again to symbolize moving forward.
its all a matter of opinion.
there is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer.
it can stand for more things such as drugs.
i have to look at it.
if we took all the books off of the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no books left.
japan, china, and canada had also set up beautiful pavilions.
computers are not worth your children at.
do you ever want to take that book off the shelf?
every day we see how they struggle to keep us happy.
for example exercise.
computers are a very important part of my life.
i hope it is not just me that sees the good that a computers brings, but anyone else that have taken a glare at this letter.
taking offensive books out of the library will not stop people from reading them, but this will decline the library usage, and people will slowly stop reading.
all that is a computer.
managing a household is a big responsibility.
you also learn social on the computer.
therefore i do not think that materials that are offensive should be taken off of shelves.
it has help our world is many different ways too.
but these things can be done by government alone as these require big resources, organization and manpower.
when one conceals information, that person is stealing the right of knowledge.
theses ratings warn people of the content included, whether graphic or not.
() this shows that it was very happy and exciting in their kitchen.
as you can see, the author.
those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person.
he chose a path the old men said would have a town nearly eighteen miles down the road.
for one, his body heat raised a good bit.
first he had to go miles without water which resulted in him loosing faith becoming dehydrated and not continuing with his plans.
no buildings are around the cyclist.
in this story it has a overall theme that everything will get better with time.
so censorship, to me, is not going to make any difference.
also every thing they get from the computer you get from book.
it just made me think she has to be really happy with her family her house and her life.
she has seen the familiar plant on her way home as she went to a florist shop to try to buy one.
whether it is books, movies or music, a person always has the choice of whether or not they want to be in contact with that item.
i do not think that people should not be able to take books off of the shelves.
i agree with removing certain materials that contain offensive things, from all libraries.
the author could not accept her new country as home yet.
this effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy.
one book that is offensive to one, not be to another.
me & my have been wanting to listen to it for a very long time.
dear newspaper you think that children spend to much time on the computer.
should be removed from shelves.
no book should ever be taken off the shelves of libraries.
mainly children use the library more than any other age.
some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising.
they should not be over used though and you need to keep a healthy mind and body.
when computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like.
if you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town.
he cut and smooths stones with those instruments.
everyone feels that one book or another if offensive to them and if we take away those books we will have nothing left in our libraries
i use computers a lot.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist by for the roads and heat has.
people deserve to have better and not offensive books.
i have heard many amazing stories about this.
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that you have asked people to tell their opinions on the effects computers have on people.
if you removed everything that offended anyone, it would be harder to teach younger generations to decided what is right and wrong by themselves.
you cant get a healthy meal if you eat chips & candy for hours.
some people have trouble talking to people in person and more comfortable chatting over the computer.
i bet if that person had the ability to choose what stays and what goes in the library, they would only have horror in the library.
teachers especially at the elementary level, must be very creative with their teaching styles.
in conclusion the features of the setting has a huge affect on the cyclist.
the mood in this memoir is gratefulness.
this paragraph was very important and without it these events would be left hanging.
this quote explains what the plant meant to her.
man’s conquests over nature tell us about his great powers of mind.
the reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands.
the use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented.
however, hes still optimistic, finally it funny that it was once a thriving little spot.
the author chose to put this in the text since it creates a happy note to end on and give the reader happiness of knowing there is hope.
in all reality though, how is this helping anyone?
it is not healthy for you or anyone else.
it was here in the united states, that he really understood what family was or what a home was.
books are the key point to education and most peoples daily lives.
somebody is always going to get hurt.
the child must be at least in order to get a pass from the parent though.
if there is something offensive about just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie up higher on the shelves.
in the , where its nice, shaded, and cool, he feels fairly good.
there is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be but that does not mean it has to go away completely.
dear , people at my school sit on there computers after school.
it helps the reader make connections because all of our relatives know better how long ago made sacrifices for their family.
this is just one step need to take to get a healthier lifestyle.
or some thing that fun or i think or beneficial to me.
far as the music i agree with music at libraries, because many people listen to different type of music.
on the other hand, there are many friends of mine that love to watch horror movies.
computers are becoming a household item in the and around the world.
lastly, i think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers.
you need to write a paper on how to play baseball and improve your pitching skills at the same time?
the computer allows for quick and beneficial research.
my second reason, is that computer could be helpful with kids because computers could help kids get better grades at school.
some people think that computers are good to use to help teach hand eye coordination, learn about other places in the world and talk with other people online.
i think this way because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
i believe that profanity has a good side and a bad side.
they should do that so they can warn the person who is checking out the material.
the librarian apologized and agreed that the placement of the magazines was a little out of line.
in addition, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures.
i think computers have a positive effect.
well its so learning a new culture is a faster way of making friends.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happiness and gratitude.
then again it influence them in a fantastic way.
the peahen is not for beautiful and her feathers are brown.
what is considered a valid subject for a high school research paper include information that is not suitable for all groups of people.
i believe in not allowing censorship in libraries.
one can also find shops selling electronic goods.
i could neither watch tv and enjoy, nor study.
i think this because in the passage it says there were no cars.
the world is revolving around electronics.
now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong.
they remind the cyclist he is completely alone in a vast stretch of sand and rocks.
he went the way the old men told him to take.
the material could have or show some much needed information.
instead of sitting at the computer all exercise.
everyone likes something different so their should be different books.
for all of these reasons, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
that being said is it wrong or right for someone to want something offensive to removed from the shelves?
if people begin to censor libraries, surely they will begin to censor the internet, and the idea of freedom of speech will be thrown out the window.
computers is one of the technology that helps people.
and violence has a bad effect on children and teenagers.
just a few days ago, i was playing a game where you had seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can.
spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money.
internet is a virtual library, you can search videos, books, magazines, and music.
i am sixteen years old and responsible enough to make own decisions about what is too offensive for me to be reading.
some kids can choose to use the computers improperly but at the same time interesting.
maybe, go to the mall with friends and.
if we start restricting that freedom, what are we then?
this is how the setting affected the cyclist
all songs are different so you can use them however you want.
this topic is just too abstract to be regulated.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
these is the mood and how it is shown.
music has been with mankind since the beginning.
my third reason is finding out things.
also it is a great way to play games.
one reason is that we know she wont give up.
these are just come of the many fun sports.
so the concluding paragraph shows how when the hibiscus is budding and starts a new phase she will too and go for her drivers license.
in addition, i happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks.
the same goes for music, movies, and magazines.
there can be computers that talk bark to you like a real conversation.
the real question is, though, is do you think computers have a negative or positive effect on people?
the most important and must commonly used application on a computer device is the internet.
but i think as much i did properly interpret the aspect of what this is supposed to mean overall.
people will just play and play all day long.
songs made today can get a little out of hand.
however, this does not mean taking materials off of library shelves for everyone.
the driver of a car lost his balance at a turn.
his mother was a chemical .
in conclusion, i think computers are a great tool for use in moderation.
people from all over the world have many different opinions.
he works hard and enjoys sound sleep.
i know what it is like to be offended and people should take other peoples' feeling into account before they offend.
the people who support advances in technology are correct, computers open up imagination, and learning.
i strongly believe that computers are bad and people spend to much time on them.
games, music, and videos are always on the internet.
think for a moment about what you like.
if there is offensive material in their stuff then anyone can see it and it could put a negative thought in some peoples heads.
what is your opinion on reading materials?
some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library.
in conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone.
however, this does not give authors the power to target a group in their writing and offend them specifically.
he also considers his community family and that really makes you feel at peace inside.
he teaches grammar very well.
also, you can order anything in the world online.
out of every people in has some form of online communication program.
so please, change your mind.
also, the narration states, she admitted to herself, she much preferred it to a big mac[ho].
he was also tired and desperate to find water and town that was not deserted.
the last paragraph of winter hibiscus describes determination and the growth of a person.
i think that books should not be pulled from the self because they have a few bad words in them.
please think about what i have said and thank you for taking your time out of your day to read this
they laugh, play and cry like we do.
what is or not offensive to you compared to other varies on both ends.
as soon as a train arrives, they rush towards it.
we live in a very diverse world they are going to be different outlooks on the world.
the topic of library censoring has been discussed and debated at increasing rates over that past years.
this does not exempt writers or artist who occasionally, or more than occasionally, include explicit content in their works.
books, music, and movies are being taken off of shelves around the globe, because they are found offensive.
they can entertain you because there is games that you can play.
obesity in is at an all time high.
i like her appearance very much.
some kids will try and get around them so there is not helping them.
computers do have many effects on people.
what be offensive to one person not be to another.
because if you take out one you should take out all off them.
music is especially one to do this.
they take the leadership in every social and
all of a sudden, it becomes dark.
it takes away from people who need to learn about topics for things such as school, or even work
they want to know about the place they are going to and they want it to be current.
i started crying with fear.
cries of mothers children whom they from.
besides some people need to know the truth sometimes in order to understand stuff more clearly.
i remember walking threw the library in town and seeing a large quantity of books.
he is a good sportsman.
sure they might be on hours in a day but they do other stuff in between like school, meals and activities.
this mood is great and shows anyone can be happy.
even if we do this there could always still be away.
we can also use computers.
do you love to have friends overseas?
in my own experience from reading the book i would have to say that these people are crazy and should reevaluate the the specific age they market to.
if an explicit music album is just sitting on the shelf of a library, then any person could listen to it or take it out for awhile.
when she knows the flower survived the harsh winter, she will realize that she can survive living in .
have you ever done a report on on a far away country?
if everybody at took the books we found offensive off the shelves and threw them away, we would be left with no books to read.
if music is played in the library that others do find offended then in my opinion yes they should and can speak up for their rights.
a favorite book of many kids is the series.
our youth have the right to access these materials.
read the following to know just how important computers really are.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
so all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends your family.
they can talk to each other but most of all see each other.
life is easy, a false statement.
the computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up.
they provide us with a wealth of entertainment, enable us to communicate with one another, and even help us learn.
you will see a small rainbow before you.
however, when you think about it, if everyone complained about a certain book being offensive, there would eventually be no more books!
so hes not going anywhere in a hurry.
some where we asks for a drink to, there was nothing around for miles.
computers should be known as our friends.
there are some movies out there that are just so funny , i could quote ever line of it.
a doctor fights disease and death.
everyone is on the computer these days.
if it was taken off the shelves because it offended the first person, no one would have the option of enjoying it.
a doctor is an important person.
finally, it is also helpful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends thousands of miles away.
computers have made communication easy for people.
rated stands for sexual act, language, and blood.
this is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials.
through computers they can talk to them as long as they want at no expense.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
these materials can be found helpful to others.
honestly the story is better with it too.
a teacher once told me that i would not ever achieve my career, because i had piercings.
secondly, some music and movies should be banned.
the features of the setting in do not posted speed limit affected the cyclist.
kids can learn so much worse things from something at the library by just setting at home.
they might be offended of what one person says but who cares, not everyone is going to think or agree of what is being said.
the cyclist had to deal with some tough terrain throughout his ride.
however, just because a work is offensive does not mean that it is not worth reading.
this creates a full understanding of the test and hibiscus.
also, children should be protected, and that is not censorship.
they learn from us and our generation.
we would be living in a much more healthy and clean word.
books are always there for us, when we are bored, lonely, or just want to escape reality.
to them, death is not a big deal.
everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves.
a journey boat is always very pleasant.
before you make an ultimate decision about something, give it a chance first.
like, foreign places or movies.
new technology, and post pictures on websites where everyone can see.
think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio that all of the original words are still intact?
lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers.
as a child, you want to explore and know everything.
for example the text states when they come back, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
just imagine watching and seeing someone talk about everything you believe in and joking around about it.
there should be no reason that one person or persons should try taking something off of a shelf at a library just because they find it offensive.
this is no reason to remove the books from the library shelves.
so it just shows you that people are different because they thank things different then other people do.
lastly, is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world.
people can use a webcam, aim, or email to communicate with other people.
the things they do to make some cash around here, do you agree with me?
they have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles.
what will happen to then?
the author concludes the story this ways for a few reasons.
to go and learn what you already know
many libraries possess on their shelves books and magazines and even music containing explicit material, and how could you avoid it?
i also agree with this.
its not up to me weather the materials should be removed from the library shelves.
if people were to read books very often, there would not be enough to do anything else.
more than half of or benefit just from working on the computers.
this feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today.
should be watching him at all times, is responsible for him?
dear the editor of the citizen, has been brought to my attention from some people around that computers and technology are bad for us.
computers can also be dangerous, many people will get addicted.
parents and adults do not want us growing up so fast, and yet they allow sexual, crude language movies to be on the shelves of libraries.
this shows that the author obviously wants to convey a very rich and passionate the and mood to the memoir.
one mood in the memoir was peaceful.
you never know what somebody enjoys doing.
today every family has a house of their own.
if libraries start to ban books, music, movies, magazines or other items then they are hiding things they do not want people to read.
let readers have their freedom.
we must ask, what are we missing?
kids in have many projects to do & most of these projects involve writing a paper.
from this, we can affirm that not only was at hot, the water was dirty.
computers, more and more people are using them.
the first reason why is that the person might not come back to that place.
if people did not have a library, they not be able to research a paper, or something else, that they need to get finished.
when a kids starts to hate his or her work.
another important thing to remember is that computers are important is because they help you get more educated.
this i could not imagine.
so ever time we go down there we rent that house thanks to the computers.
not only dose it have a good effect on people it also effects companies places and governments.
censorship should come down to what the adult allows for the kid to see and hear.
this stamp-collecting hobby refreshes my mind.
i think that the computer can help many kids obtain good grades.
how unhealthy it is, to many people.
first, computers are a learning resource, and a way people stay updated with the world around them.
you can also learn ahead far away places with a computer.
we can only learn from their mistakes.
adults need to see what there kids read this days.
he is every inch a gentleman.
it was also very hot there.
many people were family to them.
in the library i have noticed that there are a few literature materials that are not suitable for a younger age group.
a library is suppose to have a variety so anybody can find a book they would like to read.
computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy.
it was making very sexual references and had many curse words in it.
my school has a big and spacious building.
because of overpopulation, there are unemployment, poverty and food problems.
i for one am not one of those people who would question a book, magazine, movie or music.
also with these online pages they cause to much and could lead to fight or rumors.
some of the great classic novels have contents that could be considered offensive to many people.
thought would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting.
in conclusion the society is at a sad state with how much they rely on computers.
the computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and you bored play some games little games on the computer.
the setting becomes positive and so does he.
it can help police find info about their criminals and track them down so they can them.
i root out the unwanted plants.
i do not agree that books and or magazines can be taken offensive.
however, some of this material is not suitable for some viewers and can be very offensive to them.
inappropriate material can have bad influences on kids.
the rough terrain is hard for the cyclist to overcome.
i think that everyone should have a change of reading any book they want to.
three reasons why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
it cause trouble but just set your mind to it and you can help and solve problems when you do set your mind to it
the heat cause the cyclist to dehydrate faster than normal.
another feature was the heat.
am i the only teenager who thinks this?
next he writes about how they regularly had large dinners where they invited neighbors.
personal opinions are a part of books, and we should respect that.
the for example is just a book full of short stories that ties together.
no time to exercise?
what about the other percentage?
however now that she is living in the united states, she is finding it hard to adapt.
there are books movies and music that offend everyone if we took them all away we would have nothing.
as far as opinions go, everyone has one.
and there is nothing that can stop people from talking.
the sky was studded with stars.
for example, i remember when i got into trouble with my parents and they look the computer away from me.
they teach us things, entertain us, and are sometimes good pillows, but they can also be bad things.
for example, in a cool day riding gently downhill, the rider is happy and energetic.
also, if everyone could ban books, then there would be nothing to read because all of the books would be banned.
it is all helpful in the end.
since all they talk about in the media is sex, sex articles would probably be in the magazines.
after dinner my father tells me stories.
she often wonders when she will be able to go back to it and enjoy herself, because she still has trouble adjusting to her new life.
this is why computers have a very good effect on people.
a library is supposed to be a place where people can find a book, music, movie, magazine of any genre and read it.
children would not be allowed in that section without parental supervision.
that is a part of the desert.
in my opinion we should get rid of computers in every house.
you have to be yourself at the end of the day.
these sites give people a chance to find with old friends.
its just a person point of view let them be them and just stick with what you think of yourselves and in your believes.
language helps to set the time period in the novels.
we will all end up dies in the headlights.
then after he says that it ways he chuckled.
the features of a setting could be a number of different things.
spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is awful.
internet could be blocked for certain websites.
not two miles flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
i really hope the people make the right choice
it follows me to the nearby garden.
in this memoir the mood would most likely be happy and loving.
you can talk with friends, listen to music, play games or do all three at the same time.
the social networks can help your kids get more interactive with the world.
we check news on computers, some people even use their computers a and watch important shows.
our normal backpacking trip had become more of a game of survival.
but you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on computer.
because i think she feels hope and faith.
kids are never outside again.
keeping kids out of the room is a near impossible task, whether it is actually watching the movie or hearing the movie through his bedroom wall.
i went to see this fair with my friend last week.
information is open to those that search for it, and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results.
but that same book i have read might be interesting to other people.
if we were given the right to remove and books, movies, magazines, etc.
as a matter of fact, the leading in is no longer cigarettes.
things such as sports, nature, riding a bike and many other activities are missed out because of being on a computer all day.
if libraries have to do that then so should all the other entertainment industries.
it depends on a persons personal views or beliefs.
many magazines and books, such as and books about modeling, portray beautiful as stick thin and your clothes almost falling off your body.
she let herself by the flower and remember her home.
it tells them stories that cannot happen, past events they did not live through, and even the thoughts of others.
if you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in multiple ways.
his health issues started to get worse.
the town took them away.
having a or allows you to do a video chat with someone.
first of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have.
for example, when you have an essay to right about .
people have extremely different views on censorship throughout the world.
you use computers to write, play games, look at pictures, and print work out.
there are many different types of books, movies, magazines, and music on the shelves in a library.
women and children can find all of these materials offensive.
i cant even remember the last time i went a day without a computer.
i think that you should have a positive way on computers too.
you can go there to learn and to do research if you have to write a paper.
that is why computers are great can easy communication.
are computers helpful and the best way to go for communication?
how cool is seeing your friend when your not together?
they read books about sex , guns , and many more because they think its exciting well guess what its not!
i remember as a child of seven or eight going to the library all the time with my mother.
with computer you can now send a letter faster then before.
i believe that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves in a library.
at times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits.
as an active member of the computer, i take part in all negative factors.
i also think that you should be prepared before walking into a public place where they have all kinds of reading material.
sometimes, we just want a good book to read.
i traveled by train with my mother.
censorship in libraries has gotten to strict making the next generation miss key lessons learned about life.
those are all the reasons why i think books with curse words should not be handed out to little kids.
by staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers.
i do not like appearing in examinations as they suck my blood.
people around him have a good regard for him.
helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on.
they to not be bored.
lastly computers are taking away family time.
computers even have webcams for video chat.
all the members of his family work hard.
if reading materials were taken away that are found offensive, our ability to learn and grow as humans might as well be taken away as well.
the library has always been a place where you go to find exactly what you want and you know that they will have it.
the place was full of people from different countries.
the mood the author created in the memoir was happy and joyful.
if they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge.
in this memoir author makes the mood happy.
if certain people at the library do not want to order certain books requested by citizens because they find them offensive, what would happen?
your screen fills with choices of information sites.
you can have your own censorship in libraries from your individual freedom.
i watched them before though
first off, computers have caused the world a decrease in exercise.
i support the advance in technology especially in computers.
getting information from the computer is very debatable.
by use of the word will, the author shows the girls determination.
when he finds that he is out of luck and cannot drink the bitter tasting water, his hope droop a little.
all they need to do is check their email or the internet to realize what danger they are in.
most schools have computers.
the computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight.
kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person.
there are three main points supporting my opinion and i plan to list them below.
everyone is going to be offended some point in their life.
for example, you move and not be able to see them again.
over all i think that libraries just need to reorganize there books, movies, and magazines.
an example of this would be there was no one in sight,not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
the use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before.
being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good.
you can learn about nature, cool websites even history.
the author explains were he lived as a child very vividly.
people hear about all of the fighting because the person probably was offended by something someone else said.
once again, it is rather difficult to use a computer and jump rope at the same time.
and wandering because the conclusion leaves a lot to be answered.
he has to keep smiling against all odds.
now they also have schooling tutors online.
music can define a person.
just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all.
i believe computers are supposed to be used for positive things not negative things.
in this he is saying that his home was full of happiness and love.
thank you for your time.
then comes the rough road ahead.
your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out.
another thing that computers is very useful for is helping kids with homework and school work.
kids are living through computers and we can change them.
those situations can all put you in a really tough place.
some people might look at this question and instantly say yes.
family is the most important part of your life and if computers are getting in the way, computer use absolutely has to be changed.
many would want to take this book off the shelves of all libraries.
this is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and keep you from the temptation of being on the computer.
it is a very useful department for the public.
they want to look perfect.
the reason the author of the story winter hibiscus ends it the way she does is so that we know we can never give up.
for example, the harsh temperature started to make his pedaling sluggish.
secondly, music and movies have censorship.
when its bright out again and things start looking out again and things starts looking good shell feel good about taking the test over again.
so the cyclist just keeps on riding until he comes across the bait shop or the first town as he calls it in the essay.
so since you are not working out and your mind is always on the computer you can get sick.
if that were the case, nearly every book would be out of sight, but not out of mind.
the books were created to provide people, kids especially, with facts that no one else could share and it could help with expanding their vocabulary and knowledge.
how cool is that reading this letter and sharing it to your company i believe that you should support my cause.
young parents i do believe is one of the reasons kids know about these movies, books, music, and magazines.
also, there are and various more.
activities keep you mind off things read on to find our more.
scientist did a study on how people communicate.
is a very calm and happy short story.
children, and adults have very different views on what to read.
you can shelter your children if you would like.
this poor man’s vehicle can carry two persons easily.
i share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time with them as possible.
the author was trying to show how she can change, and grow just like her plant.
during my last summer vacation, i went to shimla.
computers have changed the way we research and finish school works.
if someone who hurts themselves hears this, think of what could happen.
they were wearing colorful clothes.
for example, my dad tests computer programs as a job.
it remains open all day.
in his efforts he is slowly getting weaker and the sign he sees only makes him feel worse because it seems to him that it mocking him.
as you can see, on even a less global level of use, the computer still proves to have a positive effect on its users.
he is a useful member of the society.
at times movies can be very interesting because of the actions and drama in the movies.
spring has a healthy effect on the body.
therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society.
jupiter is the biggest planet among all of them.
in order to beat this heat you need lots of water which is one of his biggest problems.
trees also are home to many living organisms.
a lot of people like the books and the movies with profanity in them because it brings out the real in the book.
he keeps stating over and over that he is so grateful of his parents and family members.
i think that she was trying to tell us that some books should not be out on the shelves for children to read.
classical, rock, and blues are some examples.
they are, therefore, our best guides and philosophers, when we are in some confusion.
and my final reason was that you can book things online without going anywhere, wasting gas.
i want to ask them how do they survive without one!?
in the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the cyclist is affected by the setting in many different ways.
with out his life is impossible.
should we censor books in libraries?
they practice it freely, which is sadly not the case for others in different countries.
computers are changing the way everyday people live.
they could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land.
because of the computer we can talk to them whenever or email a video of our big event.
there will be nothing left in the store.
after seeing that i thought if their were a sign or something around to warn me i would not of had to see that.
it is an extremely tough situation to control his emotion for his family at the festival time.
not only is happening in the libraries its happening on televisions also.
books always have reviews, so people can tell if those are too or not.
options are let it happen now or let it happen later.
another great source of entertainment are video games.
laptops have made it easier to block people out.
the cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer.
the author involves the hibiscus to show that the girl and the will bloom the same time the hibiscus will and will pass the test.
most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside!
this game is also free online for anyone to use.
we, as the people, must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs, along with movies and other media.
some are humorous, historic, or romantic, however some are offensive in some way.
i rushed over to her and put her back to sleep.
discusses how his family was always growing.
you can meet new people from all around the world.
electricity is very important for us.
another way the cyclist is challenged is when he is almost out of water.
computers can help with countless things.
my ideas to me are good ideas and i feel like we can put libraries into good use around this county and
these advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information.
what to do now let you on the computer again.
would the ideas of other people be heard around the world without books in our libraries?
many people think that computers are not a good thing.
so as a result, i keep in contact with her through the computer.
it is changing the way people are and the way they feel they can act around others.
the things i, and many others, believe should be censored are; profanity, violence, and offensiveness toward race, religion, and gender.
since then he was also called the enlightened one.
you can choose for your children, but you can not choose for others.
books are good for people.
we learn information about the world and about what is going on.
i believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
dear local newspaper, would a person do with out a computer?
while many people found the offensive, others enjoyed the story.
authors know what they are writing.
in this memoir the mood that was created was security and warmth.
she can get better, so that this time she will pass.
however is there any difference that we can find unique in india in our attitudes towards parents?
the sentence wraps up her emotion and shows how strong she is could easily give up on their driving test, but she wont.
dear, opinion is getting out of mind.
it ended up being scary for another reason, as multiple uncensored sex scenes were displayed throughout the first couple minutes of the feature.
what is the world going to do?
computers have helped students and teachers.
the room is well-furnished.
censorship in general is wrong.
computers are helpful in so many ways, but these are just a few.
each town cares about its residents and want them to have fun.
at they help with homework and projects.
however, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer.
another element of the setting that affected the cyclist was the terrain.
keeping the books that are safe for kids is important for their mental health.
computerized can take over jobs quicker, easier, and cheaper.
there would soon be nothing left.
truly if you decide to take out classics like we lose not only knowledge and the story we lose our freedom
to , computers can be both and positive but i chose to look at things through a positive eye and i think you should too.
could this be the cause of obesity in ?
no wonder so many people like computers!
this makes the cyclist think all hope is lost.
on the normal road, the ground is smooth but think is a lot like and winding.
they are not a waste of our time.
for example, in political cartoon inside of newspapers, is sometimes compared with a .
oh well, all i can tell you is that your missing a lot.
you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever.
as small children, we should always obey elders and also respect each other.
in the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,.
although some stories seem like a bad option, it is not until the reader has begun to read that he or she can figure that out.
magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them
all the descriptions of his family cooking and family neighbors eating together is enough to make anyone feel happy.
you could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone.
the were hills that made his ride difficult.
have you ever think about why teenagers are changing each day?
if those experts took our computers, about what would happen.
you can also talk to people on them.
while reading this paper i hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world.
i got the home work and got an a all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others.
computers are advanced our world little by little every day.
i have had a select few instances throughout my life where i have read a book or magazine that to some seem offensive and to others not at all.
for someone to take anything off of a shelf that is open to the public is taking away their freedom.
his task is very difficult.
books should not be censored.
you use your computer to anything like this?
more and more people are making less effort to see people in person.
now where going to talk about bad things that computers do.
the library is meant to have almost any book someone could think of.
where ever you look you can find a computer.
such as pictures of nature, celebrities.
when springs set in, flowers burst into bloom and the earth seems to be smiling.
thank you very much!
when someone says something offensive in the real world you have to learn to deal with it appropriately and maturely.
he barely makes it to the third town to realize that the juice factory was out of business.
things that are offensive to some people are very interesting to others so keep everything on the shelves.
with little water the setting was not helpful to the cyclist.
the ostrich defends itself from enemies by kicking.
as grew up there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him.
thank you for letter, and i will an article relative to this subject.
why should we take down the books in the library?
lastly, mostly everybody has on the internet and would live to and with them while.
have you ever heard of or ?
that is not natural.
it really does hold us back, and is worse for our health.
with that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you.
when he see the first comp he is overwhelmed with relief and the terrain flattens out again.
this is the last reason i support computers.
these day if not then of house designers use computers.
all the members of his family are good.
we should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own.
losing one can be very sad.
a recent poll shows that of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function.
if they do not read books about how slaves were treated, they will never know about the slaves.
i could not find i had to go on a computer for the information.
the author concludes the response by saying that when spring comes and the hibiscus is budding she will take the test again.
is the paragraph that the author uses to conclude the story.
when the narrator finally finds a building, it turns out to be abandoned.
kids even use computers for school and school work.
for example, some adult books etc.
in some countries, people distill seawater and get fresh water.
first of all, we have the right to have these kinds of books.
people will: watch, listen, read anything.
on the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life.
many times i have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion.
how of you can see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam.
well you should really consider thinking about this those cant even reasons the people in the .
would you rater have your children safe with you or with some stranger?
children are more likely to read a book that they are interested in.
it makes bones so stronger and gives us energy.
some of the material in the section is not always bad, sometimes it contains material over war, and recessions.
computers are the easiest way to look up information, something important when children are learning.
studies show that in the , out of people were overweight.
first, they help people learn by looking up information on different places.
he was crying for help.
also the snake affected the cyclist.
computers are like a pencil to a student.
you can even shop for houses or cars online.
he became lost and ran out of water making his situation worse.
i am a large fan of books over the two that took place.
to cheer up the reader, he ended the story in this way.
but if you open it up what to do you find?
think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them for hours.
in short, we call it a ‘bike’.
for example, things such as religion.
in my opinion it is very disrespectful to the authors, and anybody else who was involved in writing those books.
yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount.
the reasons which i am fighting for tell why, kids are in school more than half of the school day.
there are three reasons why i do not agree.
as a long distance running, i know what the sun will do to you during a hot day.
also people will have the ability to learn about different states and countries.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
others spend it shopping or learning.
when a person checks out an offensive book, they are doing so because they want to.
the a very detailed book and has many great facts in it, but many people find it offensive because it says had a wife and had children.
i think that this was a really good mood to set in a story.
he was looking very handsome.
not only books but music or movies.
books give people another way to learn new things, instead of in a class.
this increased his thirst and gave him a feeling of spite towards the old men who had given him advice.
they are great ways to help learning.
books can be very educational.
i take dance lessons twice a week and when i can.
computers give you too much information than a book.
computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society.
no, of course not, this just means that if something offends someone from their local library, stay away from it.
we all would have not personality at all.
well, you can continue it on , or .
there are many things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
however, once again it was very misleading
not only is an issue, however, people can now talk to strangers on the internet.
you feel it right to try and ban it again, but what does that solve?
speech on: if i were the principle of my school
for example, , be there very own website.
some kids even get killed because they go out and try these dumb ideas they got from the book and or movie.
this emphasizes the mood, and he repeats it many times and the repetition helps build mood as well.
it allows you to start a new life without leaving your room.
some people search porn sites, and hack into servers.
if we take peoples choice away what are they going to have?
so when taking a younger child ta a library go in with and walk with them.
i really believe that magazines are one the main censored things in the library.
so please take my opinion into consideration.
my answer to you is to not just throw everything out that be offensive, or that you might not want your child to see.
you can also go to school online.
some things that affected the cyclist was the terrain changing into a flat road that was replace by short, rolling hills.
in conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they need to stop!
finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them.
i believe that they should be taking off the shelves, and you have to be or older to buy them in many reason.
, in the computers have help man kinds.
out computer users have used calculator to help them solve a problem.
do you think that money from a college fund is worth a computer?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these culture came together in great solidarity and friendship.
the road is in bad condition and must do slower then the speed limit.
her mother will be proud of her.
it is their job to show them the right path.
who really are the victims when books and magazines are being thrown off the shelves?
kids are encouraged to go to the library as much as possible, but not if there is vulgar things on the shelves.
there are a couple books that i did not approve of, myself, but i know that it has connected with a child some where in the world.
it is a crowded part of the city.
people chat on , , , and email and people are bullied.
kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out.
this is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life.
also to be able to learn about faraway places will help in school.
in paragraph the author talks about the unity and friendship throughout his neighborhood despite the racial differences.
if you do not want your child learning about them do not let them get it.
what if you live far away from the nearest library?
i have read a book that contains sex and drugs.
some people think that a man who has many sons and daughters is a lucky person.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
it gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so i believe computers are a great thing to have.
all people of have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free.
this is human nature because our bodies when into survivor mode and become determined to survive.
loves staying in touch with her families through computers.
you can also have extra practice with the many resources that come with the online textbook.
but some do not think that the libraries should be putting stuff there if they are not going to let any one touch it or check it out.
i had even gotten some pictures too.
he starts to lose water to keep him going, yet he pushes himself to the next town.
spending time on the computer runs up the electric bill.
movies today can have pretty much anything they want in them.
this is where the setting changes because the cyclist found cool water finally.
they should have an age limit you have to be to be able to go in that room.
the setting around him also made him have negative thoughts.
dear , are many books, music, and magazines that are saturated with offensive words or obscene themes.
movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time.
furthermore, computers help people with work and school.
first by using this censorship, you might lose more customers in that store selling these such items.
if this book was pitched out of the library, how would students all over the nation learn of the ?
this should not be decided by one person or even one group that believes they know is socially acceptable or politically correct.
i think the author put that in the story to show that she has not given up.
not two miles into this next reaction of ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
but why waste enemy going to travel agency when in the internet instead say travel agent .
when you are given a book in school for a class assignment, they usually expect you to read it because its of some educational value to you.
even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer.
what if i read a book and it talks about my race or religion, would i take it offensive?
questions such as this have plagued humanity for hundreds of years, and there is no simple solution.
many simulation programs are used to help people in their lives.
i think all books should be kept in the library even if one person finds its offensive.
i am , i have been playing in for !
even though the hills added to the struggle he made it through.
your computer must have the right specifications to play it.
movies, movies, movies!
it is a reflection of sunlight that falls on it.
another aspect that affected him was the extremely hot temperature.
another freedom given to the people is the freedom of press.
books give information and knowledge that some people need desperately.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
there are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people.
i would also use a computer to learn about far away places, or even famous people in history.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he thinks after a nice afternoon in a nice campground a shortcut to his next destination would be very nice.
we all have that favorite book, mine is ' of and .'
i felt very important-almost a lord, little did i, know that this joy was to be short-lived.
i used my computer not only did i get my information quickly.
i remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up.
with the person lack of water anyone would be struggling to keep riding on.
did you that without these computers ever half the million jobs in the world would fail?
normally, they would miss their homework.
he comes to a water pump that gives him battery acid.
the hibiscus helped her get through disappointing times.
in addition to this of teachers at believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn.
censorship tends to ruin the movies that most people love.
you could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met.
in this book, a young girl is raped very harshly.
even if they are miles away you can click a button and have a live video chat!
the lorries, buses, cars and other vehicles passed on the way.
loves his parents for the sacrifice they made for him.
in the blazing sun, i cannot go out.
the answer to that question is easy.
i think this because all forms of literature offer a great opportunity to learn.
they will experience these things one day, and they need to be mature enough to understand them.
freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation.
the desert setting, with its lack of water, shelter, and people was the cause of this mans concern and later panic about his own life.
to conclude, although some books are offensive to some people and not to others, we have to be aware of what cause problems to certain people.
in conclusion, one can say library censorship is a matter of opinion.
how would you like it if you were riding a bike and had no water in the middle of a desert.
certain people would find some things more offensive than other people.
the most logical thing is to not censor what works are put into libraries.
they would start a landslide of trouble that would effect everyone in the and maybe even across the globe.
he is kind, gentle and courteous.
earlier on in the story it shows that when she gets in trouble, she rubs the plant leaves in her hands to help her overcome the problem.
they help people, educate, and connect people.
the setting of the cyclist affected him by making him very hot & drinking his water & he would soon run out of water & dehydrate.
i think that computers are useful for many things, but i also think that some people spend too much time on them too.
i had a similar experience once.
the ostrich is so strong that they can even carry a
i believe that slavery is a hard subject to come to grips with.
yes, parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children, but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music.
when i grow up, i wish to have a horse of my own like brownie.
back then before computers if you wanted to talk to your friend you would have had to send a letter.
the hills would make the trip more difficult.
you are the mother or father of a young child, and you take them to the library.
her mother forgot and read that book.
all work and no play makes jak a dull boy” is an old saying.
we can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways.
with different cultural beliefs comes different beliefs and views of everyday things.
certain materials, such as books, music, movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves, even if they are found offensive.
that is what i think the mood of this memoir is.
this angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the affected and shaped us into who we are today.
he describes how all immigrants left their country just to give their children better lives.
her life will always be filled with music and love.
all you can do as a parent is raise them well and hope that you have taught them right from wrong.
every time you walk into a library, you are surrounded with books and other learning or reading material.
also, it teaches us to process what is around you and decide in a decision.
i do not think we should deny anyone that freedom.
it made him realize to never again trust the old men.
these three reasons will show you that computers are a very important asset to our society in the following passage.
also again, you hear it on a daily basic like swearing.
this shows that the plant was not the same because there were also no buds.
you can even take classes online not impressed?
yes, the library is mostly used for books and studying, but there are many other things that libraries contain.
lots of people own these kinds of movies.
people need to know what happened in the past with historical events.
the people that worked on the movie or wrote that book put a lot of time and effort into the piece.
he starts off his journey with the advice of a short cut from old men.
they give him a sense of comfort.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading.
how does this picture appear to a bystander once books begin to disappear off of the shelves?
this is what the statement is saying, she failed her tasks so in the spring once the hibiscus blooms again, she will attempt to complete her task.
as long as okay to watch or lesson to.
or, what if someone else had the choice to?
in this argument, parents do not like the fact that their kids have resources to uncensored content.
this is a question that both sides can argue with creditable facts.
if you had a video on the news you want to keep it.
these books i agree should be taken off the shelves since they might promote people to turn on certain races.
you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes?
clearly, censorship in libraries is dangerous and unpredictable.
it helps us to improve our mind.
from video games, to movies, and even most books now.
that small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away.
keeping a persons attention is critical.
here he describes how the people in his neighborhood acted towards each other.
why do you think the obesity is so high these days?
their mother keeps on shouting with them.
this shows that she really missed her home, and she had nothing to give her confidence.
dear newspaper, you have a computer?
created and controlled by the government surrounding him.
the teachers sit in the staff room.
you can walk away and then came back when you hear that you got a message.
and the library need more style for the people are excited and take the books and read.
you can find info about there future person they can look up there.
some people do not think before they speak or do something.
the sun was very hot on a summers day and without water makes it even difficult to keep moving because he was so hot and thirsty.
also, you must consider the near infinite amount of knowledge available on this tool.
the mood i think the author was trying to make people feel is happiness.
as he travels on he notices everything is abandoned and empty.
those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer.
as you know, when you use a computer you usually sit in a chair to do so, correct?
so that little kids can not see the front of the cases.
this author can no longer have the luxury of having their book in libraries so that their work be recognized.
however, there are some readers who have the right to look at these materials if they want.
in conclusion, i strongly think that books, weather they offended someone or not, should be kept of the selves.
just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read.
like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything.
since i am a teen i also know the problems with youths and computers.
was very into reading.
schools are taking away the constitutional right of all potential readers.
being on the computer helps with hand eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places, and even talk friends.
there is a large number of children’s books.
it will help us out so much for everybody future .
the mood being created is happiness and sadness.
another example is he was deserted.
computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all sorts of games for , and it provides information.
all of the flowers reminded her home country.
he arrives at the first town but it is completely deserted.
young children are often daily visitors of the library.
he says the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
i used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her.
you have the right to ask what certain music, books, or movies are like, and movies have ratings on the case.
technology keeps on upgrading.
over of the owns at least one computer in their house.
you would probably get multiple answers to that question.
school another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn.
some lines from the song are, ' i get depressed, i cut my wrists in every direction'.
the budding hibiscus symbolizes comfort for her.
being beautiful is not just on the outside.
the parents tell their kid go and start your paper.
the last thing you can do is become more healthy.
all we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures.
then it was decorated.
for all we know, a book censored could have saved millions of lives.
this part of the setting affected him emotionally.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would nothing left to read, and the intelligence of children would drop dramatically.
the setting is very important in every story and can change everything.
i believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society.
i have many friends.
everyone is different, no one is the same.
now these are the reasons why i think so.
dear newspaper, you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
some people are impulsive by nature.
the best thing of all is that is free unlike a telephone.
all of these activities require very good hand eye coordination.
all these different features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
there was eventually nothing.
, advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people.
one very important feature is that the cyclist was in the desert.
what would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library?
would you want to be the person to take away computers?
the answer is no, just let it be.
if we all took off one book that we found offensive then our children and other children would not be able to read.
sometimes life can be so cruel.
the crockery is kept neatly on the shelves.
it will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner.
i understand that libraries are a place for all people of all ages, but i do not believe that they should censor what they put on their shelves.
even little things like, if your going to your friends house, then take a jog there instead of your bike.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a mood.
my third and last reason is to be organized.
the computer only benefits you in a way.
were all on the same planet and we all reach the age of realization of reality.
i think this is explaining exactly how dehydrated the cyclist actually was.
in conclusion, these are some reasons how the setting affects the cyclist.
i was always the youngest out of the people i hung out with.
spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family.
these are the only ideas that i have that would work well.
so how can we help to solve this problem?
furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier.
but no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer.
also, adults use these materials in a way that could cause many problems with the library.
finally a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something.
this can be a serious problem.
as i think about my experience in third grade, i wish i had never seen that book.
despite limiting exercise, they encourage learning, and the exercise of the brain.
the cyclist chose to ride through the worst terrain one can ride through.
that a statistic from .
the story says, i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink.
you can just go to the beach or go to the gym you have lots of stuff to do other then going online and sitting for hours.
my mother asked me to get up and prepare for school.
intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you.
the setting in the reading affected the cyclist because it was hot, dry, and nothing around.
books are known to do this to people.
kids these day, have hard time to exercising because there are over weight by staying on their computer and play their computer game.
so i think everybody should be off computers.
books should never be removed from libraries just because they be found inappropriate.
the censorship on the media depends.
although health is a problem community is a bigger one.
they see pictures and everybody knows that seeing the real thing is way, way better than looking at a picture.
but sometimes people take advantage over it.
the desert was also hot, and dry.
but its not up to me they need to take a survey on the moms and dads of these children and see what they think about it.
also you can buy league or .
magazines can also be found offensive to a lot of people.
by your side even through your worst.
this remind him that hes not in a car, and that hes not even going half the speed limit.
there is a type of boundary that restrict readers from gathering knowledge about certain things in books.
censorship in libraries?
i remember when my friend was over and i was on a computer.
for example, the cyclist was pedaling and pedaling with nothing in sight.
by doing this you actually improve the bone between you and that person.
in an, ironic twist the cyclist is affected emotionally when he passes a factory that has been abandoned.
people have many different views when it comes to these things.
this is not true in a lot of places and we should value that as , not complain about it.
or if the person is eating while being on the computer.
i think they should just make sure the kids are checking out what their allowed to read.
the mood that was set was about how you should keep peace in the house.
in my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous.
taking a book away from a library shelf can decrease of knowledge from someone that might need that information.
being able to keep track of everything in one computer is amazing.
this makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher.
some libraries not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much business as others.
i was drawn to this hobby when i was just six years old.
my next reason is that every single person has their own unique interests.
now i hear my favorite tunes.
one of my interests in reading, i had to research about how reading a simple back can be related to science.
in the memoir he also explains how welcome people are and that everyone in the apartment building was friends or even family!
the magazines are there to learn not for enjoyment.
just because they might not completely think what the content entails is necessarily appropriate, someone else might enjoy it.
teens become in their society lives and become to their computers.
the people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet.
this often causes depression as it begins to sink in.
a farmer lives in a village.
the parrot is a common bird in the bird kingdom.
if any book is subject to criticism or opposition, are not all books worthy of the same?
it is also hard to get used to climate change, and learning another language.
this would not be true if certain portions of information began to be removed.
they can the wanted with one click.
they said that they can interact with family members who live far away.
in the story winter hibiscus.
“you must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
if everybody is pulling everything off shelves, what would there be to sell or read.
and was unable to have a supporter to help
you searched everywhere, by everything that the book would possibly be listed under.
he was exhausted and could not go on without water.
the temperature was very hot, where was little shade, the sun was beating down on him.
first, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together.
people can make there own decision of what they want to listen, watch, or read.
some people would agree that some online games are educational.
so people should do some of the other things i said instead of just going on the computer all of the time.
can you believe that some people think that books should be banned for having bad things in them?
therefore the computer helps teach everyone facts and many stays on whats going on around the world.
the internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade the minds of everybody.
the libraries need to keep these sections in their libraries for all different kinds of readers.
this way of communication prevents children from learning valuable social skills which come with conversing face to face.
i have the option signing onto something called or email.
by using censorship you are sheltering the world.
this type of event could cause serious damage on a child emotionally and mentally.
everyone in the neighborhood is so welcoming, he tells us how his mother always leaves the door open for those who welcome her in.
one of them is trees.
she always works hard to give us a good education.
also computers have been a major part in entertainment.
i believe there should be a separate section for this kind of material.
the post office also distributes mail.
second, using the people can share their wares on sites including and .
and get out and have a little time for going on to the computer.
computers of course.
over ninety four percent of people today own a computer ad feel as though they have learned many things from it.
i myself have never really read or watched anything that was completely uncalled for.
farmers prepare the fields likewise and sow seeds there.
people used to wait that just standing there.
this caused the cyclist to become overheated ad sweaty.
sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are.
first of all, computers detach people from reality.
last of all, members of the library would have the same right as the librarians.
which we all know we need to play sports!
you can find things on cars, trucks, sports, and made up stories for fun.
however, as a parent it is their job to protect their children from these things.
first of all the computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places, people, and the weather.
you have to get over it .
first of all, computers allow you to talk to others online.
using a computer can lead to thefts.
also the fact he was in the desert there were no trees to give time off shade that he could rest in.
it is cool and breezy.
technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life.
the author shows it by saying love of cooking.
if i had the right to keep the books and etc on the shelf i would.
people who support computer usage might say.
all kids like to came home and sit on the computer all day.
inside we boarded a small train which took us around the park.
secondly, computers interfere with family and friends.
computers make life easier in general and can help with all life throws at you.
from educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life.
the teachers assign projects that include going on the computers and finding information all about your topic.
movies have been criticized for decades because they represent some sort of life lesson or truth that is not appealing to the audience.
when the dinosaurs went extinct.
my leaves are used for various decoration in the special occasions.
dear , there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society.
sure, you might get complaints.
reading, using computers, working at a table.
it was a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least i still had the energy to feel sorry for myself.
this sight was troubling when the features of the next setting caught his eye he was desperate and devastated.
well with taking it off she made of the songs that they did not like.
this showed us that different people can take offense to different things because of their heritage.
computer have a positive effect on people because i believe the computer can teach people a lot.
meeting new people is a good thing to .
in a survey taken in magazines should that of people, have negative effects with computers.
he boldly continues forth reaching new terrain, rolling hills.
should we remove books and media because they are offensive?
it is also unknown that what is offensive to one person, might bring joy to another person maybe of a different race or ethnic background.
some people type as fast as cheetah runs.
they should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games.
the computer has a lot of games you ran play on so it would keep you doing something.
i think most people can control themselves, though i believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people.
we can hop on our computers and look at pictures of nature on .
it is a pointless task to do.
it does this when he tells us that his parents immigrated just for him.
as you can see games, learning and talking are easier to do on the computer.
if someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law.
when she buys the hibiscus plant, she remembers her old home and all the wonderful memories she has of it.
why go out with friends when you can talk to them online?
in my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities.
the first reason why clearly, computers are not benefiting people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms.
i think censorship in libraries is wrong.
one of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate a certain location you want to go to.
dear local newspaper, i also agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
there are not as many people taking care of our planet.
he provides us with the food we eat.
this comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week.
people get offended by things everyday.
that way more time can be spent outside in the open, and less inside staring at the screen all day.
the extreme heat of the summer definitely put a strain on the cyclist causing him to have to drink lots of water .
these libraries would be loosing business to the people who maybe like the kind of stuff that they not.
the food of the ostrich is grass
but if we ever repeated that word while not reading it we would get sent down to the office.
another feature was the grape juice factory, also abandoned, so he hung his head and that blues tune summer time rattled in his brain.
we post our letters in the letterboxes outside the post office.
there are far too many other things to do!
water is needed everywhere.
the statement also concludes how you should never gave up.
what if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow?
going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy.
studies have shown that of the people growing up with computers at home have a high paying job!
the first reason is that what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
plus, computers offer more learning opportunities.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
the ending of a story helps determine the meaning of the story.
how do computers do that?
they would have never had the chance to make their own opinions.
computers can even score tests.
producers and authors can publish whatever they would like.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is trying to bike up hills and down hills, which can be very tiring.
this is much faster than going in the library and spending an hour looking it up.
i would enjoy my hobbies and complete some urgent duties also.
if i am at the i will always look for a book interest me.
i myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries.
just remember to be careful!
the author also says how he admired how much strength and perseverance his parents had and how he has thanked them repeatedly.
if parents can change they way they raise there children i think the world would be a better place.
then it started to get a lot more sonny.
we can not cut out peoples offensive banter in real life so why should we do it in our reading material.
life without newspaper is difficult to imagine.
the computer has things for every person in the world.
the features of the land around the cyclist caused him to confront nature.
that is why i strongly believe that people spend to much time on computers rather than.
i think censorship in a library from certain things is a good option in cleaning up a mind poisoning mess
when example of happiness was that his parents passed on their culinary skills and a love of cooking.
it is all a learning experience.
it gives them time to grow up themselves.
they can receive them and also send pictures back.
they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment.
this can cause other kids to have a low self esteem, and cause dangerous events in the future.
first, i highly agree with the people who think computers are useful.
there are no other human beings, cars or buildings for miles.
playing free online games with your friends.
i also think that are there should be more signs that show more about what some books are about.
in one way or another something provides information for people.
they need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to.
the book i am reading now is about a murder of a young girl.
with what little energy he had last, he had passed an abandoned well be grape juice factory, which probably tested his patience and sanity.
you can slide in a and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it.
finally, computers help you gather knowledge that no one book could tell you.
the text states that, it was yet another old friend, a small shrub with waxy leaves and dainty flowers with purplish petals and white centers.
i believe that the books with violence which helps to convey and important point which should not be missed should be displayed by school libraries.
lastly it can help us gather information for homework and projects.
they teach hand eye coordination.
also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate.
in the essay do not posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in many ways.
so we need to think about ourselves and our children and try to clean up our acts a little bit.
i really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the .
right to speak freely; to watch what they please; and so on.
the cyclist was astonished of what he had stumbled onto and appreciated that he was still alive.
click the next link and watch as a beautiful humming bird swarms across the screen of your desktop.
they make our lives easier with their technology.
persuasion is also biased towards one side and you not agree with the side the author chooses.
moreover, statistics show that of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day.
woman have the same rights as do.
i think their are some books that should stay out of the library though.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love and appreciation.
have the books, and other writing pieces rated in the same way that movies are.
if someone underage wanted to check out the book, they would have to get permission from their parent.
you can also put all your information online and you not think a lot of when they really do.
in my own opinion, its a good thing.
everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer.
should materials, such as books, music, movies, or magazines be removed from the shelves if they are offensive?
not go and try to get it shut down.
later on that boy was caught and punished.
would you rather use a computer or be in .
and thank you local newspapers.
it is a rich source of calcium, protein, fat and vitamin c.
to whom this concern computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend to much time on them.
these, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful.
they even have tools on computer.
in addition, if one woman was able to take a magazine out of the library, then another man or woman would believe they had the same power.
he laughed at how long ago those men must have been here.
of the people in school say their addicted to the computer, and of the people in community say their addicted to the computer too.
adults can eliminate the amount of materials the children take home with them.
there are so many great things they can be used for.
they looked really good it was an action type movie, so i asked the boy if i could see the movie really fast.
some movies are okay to watch with your kids as long as its not over .
the reason i say this is because if you are on the computer your life is passing by you.
the books and magazines can give people some ideas of what they say or do and they can believe anything of what they say.
some were sitting on the benches.
this very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because of some causes.
i knew that when i was old enough to read those novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me.
computers also can teach you how to speak a language.
the government also relies highly on the internet.
one way computers benefits our society is ability to access ample information, pictures, and news.
this paragraph links these two symbols together, so the reader can relate them to the spring.
censorship is important, but the entire banning of a certain piece of material is unjust.
people today always seem like they are trying to find something offensive.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
the internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast.
if you needed to know some thing for a big report and none of your friends are up you can look up your computer.
what some parents think are offensive, others might not.
he is dehydrated and he still has a long way to go.
this excerpt conveys a feeling of nostalgia and warmth as the author praises his childhood home.
if a family with young children want to go to the library, the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children.
first, it is in the summer, so it is very hot.
you can learn about everything on the internet and it is quite amazing.
sometimes he brings the note-books of the students to his home.
for me i like to learn a bout crocodiles in .
at the first town, the setting is shocking, but humorous to the cyclist and he starts to get nervous.
libraries generally do not have things that are to gory or things that have too much sexual content they might in books but not movies or magazines.
not having enough water can cause someone to dehydrate, which does happen to the cyclist in the essay.
one reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people.
i think somethings should not be on the shelves of a library because some books can be found very offensive to some people.
they can always hide them in the rooms, in a desk draw for child safety.
you race back to the library only to find out that it is closed.
to her, the plant felt smooth and cool just as she had known it, which was comforting.
computers have been the technological item to have over the past or so years.
these children act in ways that reflect what they have seen.
however, some do not find books like that on library shelves offensive.
decisions like that should not be left up to a group of people that has opposite views.
that small, faint line between state and religion is going to get blurred solely from censorship.
sure she failed once but she is strong and willing to try again.
also your bills will get higher.
because sells your info to businesses.
do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
if they hurt your feelings then you know not to read, listen or watch it again.
say you were the writer of a book and it took you a long time of hard work and dedication to finish the book and get it published.
also we can see that everything and everybody should get a second chance.
the common people live in a so called ' '.
another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book, they want to try and experiment with drugs themselves.
on top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you seen for years but you cant!
there is a place for everything in a library and most of the locations are pretty obvious as to what kind of information is held there.
there are about thirty students in my class.
they are now happily engaged.
i believe everyone has their own choice when it comes to taking a book off a shelf.
the computer teaches us how to type, and search on the web and learn about it.
over all reading books makes you smarter.
in the text is say it can make through the cold months.
she became familiar with her surroundings.
just set good examples to children or any person not to get a book, movie, or music that is not there age group.
if we went to travel by train we have to buy tickets.
my final discussion is music.
i think that people are spending a lot of time on there computers and not enjoying nature and things.
well singers and writers have found out that pieces containing these topics have sold the most copies.
the mood created by the author in the memoir are pretty good.
every person black, white, yellow, brown, or even green has the right to freedom of space.
we must show people just how bad the computer really is.
due to lack of water, this feature really affects the cyclist.
so as you can see contacting people through internet is by many people in our world today.
it gives education to not only children, but adults as well.
before you go somewhere and you want know a little more go on the computers.
from my point of view yes, because libraries are public which means they are open to any and everyone.
computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than .
it is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place.
second, the library should be about education, fun, and interesting contents not by offending someones religion.
in the wedding hall, i sat next to my mother.
when she sees the hibiscus, she is filled with memories of the past and weeps.
i think that certain things in libraries should be taken off shelves if found offensive but not all.
books are created to read and have interest, laughter, enjoying.
last but not least, you have to watch out for your health.
first, in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed.
but we have to ask ourselves, where do we draw the line?
usually a person chooses a book because of the cover or a friend has requested you to read it.
also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer.
then by far this stuff helps.
everyone is going to have a different opinion on most things and therefore, there should not be censorship in libraries
and they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers.
also, in the issue , a recent poll showed that of people who own computer use it to talk instead of on a phone.
the of gives everyone the right to speak what is on their mind.
this way anyone who is under the age limit will not be able to get the material.
sure people have a freedom of speech but it should not effect what books belong on the shelf.
there are ups and downs either way it goes.
how could something so harmful possibly be good for our society?
if we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen.
there were vendors selling balloons, caps, eatables and lot of other things.
the significance of the last paragraph is mainly about the budding.
when doing this you can play some really fun games on a rainy day when you are bored.
there are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way.
you could live in and email someone in .
if libraries began censoring their books, much information will be disclosed for no one in the public to read.
thick smoke was coming out of the house.
anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get school work or to long distance friends.
i believe this because in the beginning of the story when she is walking home, she states that she failed the drivers test.
, you want your kids & citizens to get fat and lazy?
computers are being made with webcams, or you can simply buy a detached one.
some people are unhealthy from their childhood.
this is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves.
these hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information, and where you live.
well, we must make sure that this is a great opportunity to ensure our future .
that is what people need to do, not get involved in horrible things.
the mood of this article is very loving and kind.
i firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities.
they can only do something about their children are doing.
these dangerous computer have people on it called online predators.
a majority of offensive problems spawning from music come from the genre of rap.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
they support the life of living beings.
this creates a mood of hardship and rough times.
the need for a , , or laptop is obviously great when you work.
i believe they should have a word in whether or not the book belongs on the shelf or not.
the other one was water, the lack of water.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
everything is a personal opinion.
books, music, movies, and magazines are all things people use for entertainment and study, something that everyone should have access too.
also, by them having there family with them while in made there moods more positive.
of how things use to be before white and colored people were treated the same.
here crime is not glorified.
but why do you ask,?
little kids about the age of six would be playing rated games, and watching rated movies.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show she has hope.
all i need is my computer.
milk is an important part of our daily diet.
he just explained how he was very thankful for how his parents raised him and the lessons that his parents taught him.
in conclusion, i feel very strongly about how positive computers are to society today.
dear local newspaper.
also if you had to look up a person for a school project.
for example, a magazine article containing information about the wrong doings of the political offices or a cartoon of a certain candidate.
we should also pray to god for a good day.
the material or bad material you get out of it is your choice to read.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very soft and compassionate.
she hopes that the blooming hibiscus will give her strength to pass the test.
they serve almost the same environments.
statistics show that of all children who are permitted to talk with friends, out of school stay off of drugs and promote a stronger education and grades.
i know a kid named who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over.
the obesity rate has increased between then too.
and with this also came doubt.
they are published in many languages.
for me, it the whenever racism is a problem or else vulgarity is an obscene message.
if others find that offensive then that is their problem.
they learn how to exercise.
even though and i were close, i felt as though was always hiding something.
cell phone prices would go through the roof.
geese have to overcome the cold by flying south for the winter.
it simply not enough to drop a child off at the local library and hope they find something interesting.
the man riding the bike in the story had many different changes in his emotions during his long trek in this story that were dependent on the setting.
a few years ago, i had a classmate who had different ideas from a myriad of people on religious persecution.
its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more.
there are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family.
at the end he finds a store which affects him because he gets a cool drink and same supplies which helped him.
also, on this short cut he almost runs out of water.
yes, but you need to.
censoring that book would basically tell the population that they are wrong.
the mood created is love.
the connection with seeing a tumbleweed is that of being deserted and alone so this increased his feelings of despair.
he did have a computer though which he quickly retreated to so he could learn everything about her home.
censorship, along with many other things is relative.
since he cant find water, he has to conserve what he has.
but some of those books have a meaning behind it.
dear who ever this concern, i think that people spend way too much time on computers.
when we took a field trip to they had data bases there that had every name of the people that went through there.
computers can teach you a lot.
these are a few reasons i think computers put a positive effect on people.
i hope you write an article talking about the restrictions in libraries, and how they would make everything better off.
some material be inappropriate for younger readers.
however, i disagree with that.
these are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers.
when you honestly think about it, you cannot censor out things that you hear in person, so why censor things in certain materials?
i know as a young child when things were not going so well i could always turn to reading to get my mind off of the bad things.
in other words, he loves his parents because of the love they showed him.
i interact with my friends of us population between the ages have a .
so, libraries need more than one copy.
identity and credit card theft is becoming more and more common.
to sum it all up the internet is very helpful to people who use it correctly, but i agree that the internet can be inappropriate.
i do believe libraries need to have some sort of censorship on not only their shelves but computers and movies as well.
the memoir also conveys a sense of family because the author often mentions large amounts of family and friends would often be visiting.
over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in all the way to the day the new year in .
also the rocky roads affected him because he barely had any water left, and rocky tent to take more strength and endurance.
kids and adults both go on computers.
it will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers.
so being over weight is bad and sitting and playing on the computer will make worse.
this is meaningful because the girl considers the day that she had to be horrible and that this statement ends the day on a good note.
because black people find it offensive?
this he had lost hope and hung his head.
you should not want costumers reading it and feeling disgusted.
so, speak up and talk to someone about the idea.
people’s hobbies differ very much according to the character of the person himself.
she had to learn how to adjust to her new surroundings and never give up on what she wanted to accomplish.
it is merely suggesting that instead of having a metaphorical black curtain over half the news, they report the whole truth.
in south africa, he worked to improve the condition of indians living there.
i feel the concludes the story in good positive way.
also it mite help some crime to stop to.
normally the would have no idea whats going on but with internet the nation is involved quickly.
i think society spending too much time in the computer.
computers are so advanced now, that they have webcams; were you can visually see the person your contacting right into the computer.
some teenagers listen to bad music with cursing, vulgar language, and much more.
this days, little kids now everything and it is because of what they watch and see.
you do not know who could get their hands on that movie, book, or article.
in spring, the nights are cold but the days are sunny.
also, it is easy for companies to attract business.
i feel that, because of some of the movies my peers have watched, they find it okay to pick on me.
a good suggestion for this is what i just brought up, a personal censorship.
dear , i am going to inform you that more and more people are using computers then spending time with their family.
do yo think censorship is a good thing?
it also has its own images if you need a picture for your project you need.
you the work on the computer.
also says that his family was a lot of people in his neighborhood as well.
exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles.
first of all, i think a lot of it depends on your age.
lastly, a computer can help you with many things.
everyone should be allowed to be themselves.
i believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that be far away.
when asked if he need direction he say he has his own map so he can keep stick to the terrain he knows is rest.
so yea the last sentence he said i liked it.
the author created a mood of happiness and love.
that really would be the future of computers.
computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper.
i think that censorship should be allowed in high school.
there are websites on the internet and among them there are game sites.
that is one reason why i do not think taking books and movies off the shelves would be a good idea.
they want to know what is really happening across seas or even around home.
just as the way his parents were to other immigrants.
these are just some of the great effects computers have on people.
the first is the town he came to was a ghost town.
dear, local newspaper, i hear that you think computers have an effect on people.
in a different area of the library.
she goes home & tells her mother she failed her test but bought the plant.
or at least your children have.
most small children do not even go to the library so they would become virtually useless.
the other twelve percent said that their computer or cell phone is their most important thing in life because they cannot live without it.
now what about the beautiful things in nature of us are missing?
they might not be around in twenty years to see their grand children grown up.
therefor, a personally offensive movie should not be removed from the shelves and prevent the enjoyment of another individual.
but computers can actually do the opposite.
school is not a place for a child to be watching those kind of things.
lets say they set a hour limit then once its up they have to get off.
it all depends on the persons own interests and choices.
first reason is, that many jobs in the state, or nation use a computer.
can you believe this?
for example they would be able to get pictures and other information anytime they wanted to.
dear , the computers that are being used, do have a positive effect on people.
that means the temperature is going to rise since the sun is getting stronger.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very loving, thankful, and happy.
so she becomes determined to pass the test.
for these reasons is why computers do not benefit society.
so their for i think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad.
as he travels he is met with barren land, no water and no people in sight.
we would be able to talk in a chat room or on a game.
why get rid of you'r history?
it said yes, and then it showed me a of information about.
the author is relating to that when the geese are ready, they will come back, when the flower is ready it will begin bud and grow.
and what is more restrictive to an author than to have their books banned?
the computer age is here and it is exactly.
you just go online and look up the info that you need to learn about almost anything form the use to .
dear times, you think computers benefit society?
thank you for reading my paper local newspaper.
using computers is good for the body as well as the mind.
also, in , he describes how his neighborhood was like a family.
the calls of the snow geese were almost familiar to her.
the internet can also help people find jobs.
but when you do it just to spite someone, then that is very hurtful.
she bought it for more then her mother said for all of the seeds in the garden.
if you do not want to hear those words or see certain images you should not have gotten that book.
all this happen when children are not being watched or get bored and to pick on someone.
also we can learn about faraway places like or .
one is the the person might never come back to that place.
the is a place were you can come and whine your day down.
the mood created in the memoir could be of happiness, gratefulness and love.
colour has been an inseparable part of man’s existence from times immemorial.
would you like to set your children up to fail?
lack of records of that period makes a study impossible.
now we get to magazines.
the main thing today in our society is going green.
the station master is in charge of the railway station.
the mood is also grateful.
if you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude.
the most important thing about this is who want these books censored or gone and why they want to remove them.
napoleon once said that history is a story written by the victor, but is victory so sweet after our history has been rewritten?
we are too connected as a society.
if it were a magazine, they might look at it.
is life filtered and censored?
while people enjoy computer, nature.
the hibiscus plant will bloom again and that will renew, in a way, her warming thought of her old home.
he sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes.
he had a big yard for them.
the ending almost repeats this line.
we are letting the children of grow up to fast and introducing them to things way to early.
i will sometimes listen to rap music but i would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version.
who would decide what is offensive and not offensive?
the setting of this story greatly affects the cyclists attitude and adversities.
voting is always important and people should notice that.
with a computer you can explore anywhere without even leaving your doorstep.
are so many fun and healthy things you can do for your body.
this means it was just a random house when they moved in, but when they were done became a home.
out of people use the computer every single day and out of people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys.
these are the reasons how the computer effects education, your heath, and your time.
but, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers.
computers allow new means of communication.
computer also take precious time away from exercise.
think about it, the music, movie, or book your hiding from them could be the answer to a lot of things.
they miss out on being in the wonderful warmth of the , or going out and playing in the snow and making , forts, or having a fight.
water is found in oceans, rivers, lakes and ponds.
then i learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it.
they allow us to learn about faraway places, communicate with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas.
he also thanks them for his childhood.
the sun was setting down on him, it was hot, he had no hope.
this problem needs to stop and be addressed by the police.
but it good for there health.
if i was in his situation i would feel hopeless.
there be disgusting pictures that children can not see that young.
the computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are.
books have always been a way for people to get away from their life and into their own story world.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a mood of happiness.
in third grade, i took a book off the shelf of my local library that had an interesting cover.
in my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in.
the author showed thankfulness because his parents worked so hard to give him a new life.
if we start getting rid of all the offensive material, many people will be offended that in itself.
some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults.
censorship, given by the parents or guardians, is the best way to view censorship.
the terrain changes to short, rolling hills from flat land causing the cyclist to push herself to get the next town to get water.
growing up as a kid i loved being able to go to the library it helped to enhance my vocabulary, spelling and which i learned plenty new words.
this is what majority of the people in our society rely on.
the hibiscus plant in this story, is like a symbol.
music is my passion.
or even just for fun or to learn something new that you never knew before.
and how they turned their life into something like those movies when they go on or break.
the words that my family considers offensive be different then what other families consider offensive.
if they are offended they can not put blame on the author or where ever they got the book because there was a warning.
the principal is very interested in sports and games.
bad characters create a lot of trouble for all of us.
the mood he has while writing the memoir is grateful.
another reason i think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information.
it’s essential for small children.
during school i type up my essay.
this made him despair.
for the reason, people on the computers get fat from the unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside.
i sure we all know at least obese person or teenager.
with computers, you can also keep information down.
my main reasons of this argument are.
i think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people.
in the story it is talking about the girl overcoming the failed test and retaking it.
she is filled with new resolution when she says to herself then i will take the test again.
online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people.
she took this plant and looked at it as a memory and a passage of time.
in conclusion when the author talks about his family, and his life he gives off a very cheerful, and welcoming mood.
dear , i disagree with those who support advances in technology, the people who think that computers have a positive effect on people.
if everyone could pull off a book or magazine, etc then there would be no books left.
from lack of water because the terrain had altered his water into a far like substance the setting of the story was cruel to the cyclist.
the children that scrutinized that book would be confused because they do not understand what drugs and alcohol are.
last the weather was hot and dry which tired the cyclist out.
i think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them.
if a book is put on a shelf then it is there for those who enjoy that material.
the author created a close relationship mood while he was writing his memoir.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
it is his duty to protect the life and property of the people.
as the readers of these books we need to know what point of view this is coming from and not choose a book that goes against our personal beliefs.
email has also been very beneficial to society as well, as helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic.
many people go on vacation and what brought them here has when they sat and places.
they were full and she wanted to bake something traditional for them.
another example is after he had left the sign that told him not to pass.
my mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we .
the author also that when the cyclist reached the first town, the sun began to heat down.
this is alarming because at that rate people never get to know each other and the world become an electronically based workspace.
never in your life have you seen an .
the internet offers virtual tours of places like the of even places can be explored without stepping foot out of your house.
parents can just let them play games and read on the computer.
all along the streets, in schools and sometimes even in church.
libraries have the absolute best resources a place could have or ever wanted.
the same applies for magazines and movies.
this explains that everyone near him was like family.
by being educated about even the most offensive things, people can learn from them and form their beliefs.
he this means that he needed water so much and the hill was so big that he needed water.
everybody should have their right to what ever it is that they read or like to watch.
having cereals every day would keep us away from many illnesses.
dear local newspaper, name is .
in the text, the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
he talks about how thankful he is to have such a good family and that he can call his home a home.
many people are very stern about there thoughts when they believe in something very strongly.
the cyclist is drinking water more now, and is becoming tired.
one more good thing their is, is that you learn things online about anything.
all teaching them is how to kill people or animals, or do dangerous things were they would hurt themselves.
different parts of the world experience different seasons at different times of the year.
some movies that i have watched are not very well either.
computer will be here forever or almost forever, peoples time is limited.
your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from!
especially he is grateful for how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
they offer so things such as information, communication, and life skills.
the taj mahal is located in agra, india.
there are springs of water in few places in a desert.
although some people will not agree.
months went by before i realized and i were great friends.
one least example towards the of computers their are many websites that you can.
censorship in libraries today, i believe, are not a big problem.
if it is portraying a bad image, then it should be removed from shelves.
so i say the computer is important in our society.
without this valuable exercise more people are .
even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer.
helping you with anything.
for music if it has an sticker you have to be over to rent it.
then, when you find your source it has info that could have been skipped over.
i thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects computer usage throughout the if you heard from a young teen.
besides the telephone, computers do have some bad things about them, too.
however it does not survive in the cold; only the winter hibiscus, which can survive in both climates (warm and cold) can.
censorship cannot be seen as the norm.
everything in the library might not offend some people.
it is also a good in source because in school if your working on this big project a computer can help you do it.
he is strict with those who break discipline.
research showed that the majority of the obese patients spent excessive time on their little boxes of ten.
you people who spend time on the computer interact with their family?
some people say that the library is always the best place to find information but i disagree.
it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
they put things out there like that because they could encourage someone else.
that be way many are over weight.
yes, the cons can be annoying & sometimes serious.
last, you can shop on the computer.
disturbing materials are only going to bring a negative effect on these minors.
a soldier is well trained in the use of weapons.
we all know that human life without an ambition is useless.
then there are the sappy movies where all it seems the main characters do is have emotional fights that are soon resolved by a session of steamy sexual actions.
every day people i know go home and jump on for the rest of the day.
it is understandable to have a little tone in the with some knowledge within the eyes in a book.
we as have the right to speak our voice, from two different perspectives.
it keeps us in touch with the world.
the rooms are well-ventilated and well-furnished.
speech about:   parents are the visible god
take for example, you could learn their culture and the they celebrate and why.
we need to show them that we care.
but to much is not good.
when we walk into a library full of books, theirs a huge variety of any kind of books.
would you get offended?
this also shows that the library, or so far as the country, is under one certain idea and other ideas that conflict with that will be oppressed.
everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read.
everything i do on my computer involves either typing a paper or printing research.
well, the only reason is uncensored books at the library.
nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life.
there are many ways to approach this question.
and probably makes him wonder if he is ever going to make it to a town.
i feel as we are letting kids these days do as they feel, and do what ever they want.
the material in our libraries is meant to teach people about life, and people find that wrong, then it means they do not experience life
everything in life can have a double meaning, which makes it easier to find offensive material.
in the times , a statistic shows that of students in the find computers there best studying tool.
he gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic.
that means his parents really loved him because they wanted him to grow up and have a good life.
can be harmless, but it can also be offensive.
he could have died from either dehydration or exhaustion.
as the author continues, you cannot help developing a sense of security.
everyone has a right to their own opinion on censorship.
which means that even though there different there going to be there for one another which is united.
why should books that some people enjoy to read be removed off of library shelves?
when you are in charge of censoring what goes on the shelf many problems come into play.
is a reliable website to get directions.
keep reading for more information.
there are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have.
many features of the setting affected him.
when the terrain started to change from flat road to rolling hills the cyclist pushed himself even harder to get to his destination.
like i said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, i mean how would we communicate or do our work?
a friend of mine had parents that kept her from many things in the world around her, blinding her from what she should have known.
on a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click.
she misses her home and wants hibiscus just like she had at her old home.
it can be useful to you when you have a report coming up.
they showed me with their lives, and those teachings have been the base of my life.
computers make people develop hand eye coordination.
some people are overweight because they eat and then do not exercise after.
so even taking away one book could make a kid learn one less thing.
people think that computers know everything, but the truth is that their are vary little things you can experience on a computer.
this can be a problem in some ways if kids are exposed to this material that they are reading.
all big and small companies depend upon these agencies to catch the market for their products.
their choice to publicly demonstrate something made by someone is all their choice.
eventually libraries will have nothing left.
took a poll about how many use the computer to do research and answered that they did.
children are getting bad ideas from books, movies, magazines, and music.
it easily allows people to stay educated, updated, and connected.
maybe you read books, go to school or even watch .
the weather was not and the cyclist was running out of water.
also, the terrain of which he is riding is rough which causes him to lose energy.
all of these troubles did affect his trust in old locals though.
that is just one way that advances in computer technology have affected people so far.
those were the ways how cyclist would be affected by the features of the setting both mentally and physically.
boat ride into the night and it was gone.
as i grew up in my younger years i hated the computer all i wanted to do was go outside and play.
people are not less active.
children need to be slowly and gently introduced to these concepts so they can fully understand them.
the author sends a message to her readers when one leaves what they once had.
this was great, and i though about how many people could use this to talk to relatives or friends.
that is how the sets the tone for this story.
one example of this is when the character got to a place where there was nothing.
last but not least, people will eventually get tired of hearing bad things about someone.
the abandoned places make him lose hope.
not because was gay, but because had never told me.
the heat could have killed him anytime.
this hot climate makes the cyclist extremely thirst, hot, and and sweaty.
the setting of the story had affected the bike rider in many way.
the author is very proud of where he grow.
in my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed.
i am asking for your help to do so.
there are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
this is many of the reasons some materials should be banned from kids.
he has a small garden where he grows some fruits.
typing s faster than hand writing and its neater.
fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine.
and exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise.
you just have to be over to go in that area and with an adult.
well, demand that all music and videos with content not generalized for children be removed from the libraries.
over here, he is saying that your friends can be your family or the people that you love.
some books in the library are offensive to some people but should the books be removed from the shelves?
they will want to see the world.
or the libraries having books like that.
since the beginning there has always been someone who is offended by certain media.
the flower faces many dangers, but still manages to blossom.
one major mood in this memoir is love, and loving.
so, the new beginning of spring will allow her to start all over again on the drivers test.
the setting brought him fear but he made it through.
know what i think most of you have learned from this is how to keep your children same.
what if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it.
many people like movies with drugs, and violence.
the mood is happy too because the parents did all of this for their child.
we do live in the land of the free, i think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine.
he tries to find out the reason and guides us.
in my opinion, computers are one of the most important things to a person.
i was to scared to see how long the other lists were.
she also misses her family and how they look and dress.
does censorship solve any problems?
an example is, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
around the library were a thousand stories of a man and woman falling in love, but never did i find a fairy tale of two princes.
you also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members.
if your family is going to a movie to have family time maybe you will stay because you would stay home on the computer.
the features of the setting in the essay rough road ahead.
people always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer.
that are found offensive to people.
to whom it concern, i believe that computers benefit society.
parents on the other hand also help out their children and they also talk to their relatives or these looking for a new home or job.
they could also become physically tired if the incline of the hill is to steep.
in conclusion, books, movies or anything of that matter should not be took off the shelf because it offended someone.
there he works for the whole day.
also the author concludes this because the good luck charm the hibiscus gave more confidence and when say it real confident one will succeed.
people are entitled to their own opinion on what is appropriate level material for themselves.
some people seem that it might be cool to be just like her.
but the problem could do with computers.
dear local news paper i believe the computer has a positive effect on people.
in conclusion just do the right things and you will be healthier than ever.
parents do not want their children to look at this and get the wrong idea.
i remember one time that there were books and magazines at my school that were being taken off shelves for this exact same reason.
then, he continues moving on the road.
eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good.
experts are awed that over the years, computers have helped billions of people get jobs done foster and smoother than ever before.
that line proves how much the mom and dad care about there daughter.
there was nothing insight for the cyclist to see.
also, this is what a lot of people normally face which is a challenge cause of dehydration.
i bet you, or your parents, or maybe even your grandparents used to hear gangs or fights going on in the streets.
if you are older, then you can probably make the decision to read or watch something because it is more appropriate for your age.
depending on how secure it could be life or death.
in the us people have the right to expressed their beliefs and feelings on any type of topic that is brought up.
dear reader, has had a dramatic effect on human life.
the bumps, hills and wildlife affected the cyclists journey.
battery eats at skin just like the setting is eating at the cyclist.
it comes to my attention that computers have over time.
most songs nowadays have an excessive use of fowl language, but even then that language is not intended to be taken in the way some people take it.
computers can also help us in school.
there are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like and .
while they had to leave everything behind they did it for their kids and for a new life.
adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or any other role model use inappropriate behavior.
would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish?
there are lots of benefits to having a computer to use.
i hope you think of computers the way i, and millions of other people, do.
many would say that experiencing activities such as sex and drugs is all apart of growing up, but i disagree.
you can have fun with your family by playing games.
they also showed him the value of being selfless for someone you love.
for instance they are entertaining, they have communication, and they help make designs.
in said novel society has outlawed all books.
cursing to me is not offensive.
however, when he realizes its old juice factory, he grows bitter.
i say that computers are addicting this is a fact of students spend most of there time on the computer.
plus, you can plan vacation, to a place and be sure you will have enough money by checking the price online!
every kid likes to play on the computer.
a doctor’s profession is noble.
honestly, careful consideration must be taken before the decision is made to ban a book or to leave it on shelves.
in the excerpt the mood created by the author is love.
she simply grab her computer, and the information is delivered to her with the click of a button.
she was getting over weight and she was failing all her classes.
movies are rated today as to the age of a person, and they say why they are rated as such.
by doing this he expects a better
the setting is active just like the cyclist.
a guy travels to where he meets old timers and the give him a shortcut to the park.
while people depend on food, they need a place for shelter.
you get most of your vitamins.
if a person knows something is unjust, they obviously have to tell the world about it, or they feel like their opinion does not matter.
the brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision.
it made him even more determined to finish because the terrain was so hard to ride through.
this mood is a mix of many things.
but meeting new people can also be good.
this piece makes me think about and appreciate my family, and my home.
last but not least on my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials like magazines.
people are also in busy with there computers that they spend less and less time enjoying nature.
in basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time.
will help us in the future, we will get good grades on project because of are sources.
also, others complain that people need to more out in nature.
i know this from experience.
also, sometimes, friends move away and you always want to keep in touch.
things get censored for a lot of reasons, too!
it stores water and food in the hump.
not all the time you can find certain things in books.
with the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer.
computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things.
man was that a tragedy!
out of have said they are their are spending to each time on the computer.
you just might make a new friend along the way.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries to avoid offensive history, books, or newspaper articles.
the of has been known as a classic since it was written.
if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them.
also, everyone today listens to music.
even what might be considered a great piece of work by most could be considered an abomination by some.
i think you should put all you support in the problem.
they could also buy a magazine that looks perfectly fine on the outside but have offensive images on the inside.
or your boss could tell you to find the amount of teen deaths in car accidents due to cellphones.
people can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree.
computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources.
if one parent could pull a book off a shelf then another could do it and soon you would not have any books.
a boy read out the lesson.
more and more children are becoming obese by the year.
this also includes email and blogs and some chat sites.
they can go onto and type in any question they want to be answered.
in the class, very few student were attentive.
another reason my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials is because of what we see and watch.
we would have less conflict, less deaths ,and better lives that are enriched, not corrupted , with quality media.
actually are obese, with that number still rising.
i use the computer to look how teams are doing.
reading it i felt that i was not harmed by the content and neither were any of my fellow classmates.
i love to read and listen to all of them.
picture this you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk.
i got down from the bus.
another reason i have would be freedom of speech.
do you like going on the computer?
she had been very discouraged by this, and she was trying to remind herself of being at home.
my second reason is people spend less time exercising.
artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors.
trying to take the book off the shelf or complaining about it would only take up more time.
offices would not be able to function computers; workers rely on the internet email system.
kids watch movies in class all the time.
in the every single person has the freedom of speech.
when you want to click on something you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click on the icon.
although the censorship of media through a library is only on a small scale, but censorship is censorship.
none the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone.
later, on when i grew, i was turned out i became a street dog.
we could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold.
a few months ago i spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours.
for example it is much easy to cycle on flat smooth ground than it is on the rolling hills with rough, rocky ground.
it is this positive, happy outcome that makes the mood so bright and positive.
in the essay the setting affects the cyclist is different ways.
the internet, however has made it quick and easy to talk to people online.
i have no idea what those books are and what got them on this list but they must be very rude and vulgar to be on this list.
this allows you to type and sent emails faster.
this affects him because cant get water from the well.
every night i keep a handful of grain on my window sill for birdie.
almost every library uses this system so they do not have to use a censor.
so why do some libraries insist on removing some of those valuable materials from their shelves?
another example is the hills, that made him even more thirsty.
dear , you think computer have a positive or negative affect on people?
i like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive.
for example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on.
this is the mood the author created in his memoir.
although to some people this argument go either way, if the line is never drawn on what is available, who knows what the world come to.
sections in libraries do help establish a sense of organization, although personal assistance would be helpful as well.
everyday, more and more people use computers.
he should talk less and work more.
censorship should be practiced everywhere.
at home, in school, in your car, at work, and hotels.
stay away from scares and things, they will came some people find the internet could be there from work or sites.
i think it would be more fair and satisfactory to take a vote on whether or not it is fair to keep or remove it.
as you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web.
if a child has permission to access a certain material, then they should be allowed to if their guardian thinks it is appropriate.
to simply write a book or a magazine, or make a movie just to offend someone or something is wrong.
there are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework.
to sum it all up i think computers can benefit society a lot.
for example your computer breaks or has virus you can just figure out the problem by yourself.
but it wont, for this we will live on in the after life.
the plant represent her home.
tumble weeds crossed his path.
when the other old guy was about to tell him whereto go he said no.
many people world complain about it.
, there was an old factory that gave the cyclist hope and then crushed his hopes.
maybe if she had not seen the movie she would not have threatened to kill her teacher.
that is why i think the mood the memoir creates is love
when authors write books they are pouring their hearts out to us.
some book that get removed could insult a group of people because it related in some way to them.
i can understand why some people want to remove some movies or books from the libraries.
the flower represents determination, using the flower to show her own determination.
are you going to let your child read that book?
rather, the decision to take a certain book off of library shelves should come from the opinions of a large group of individuals.
therefore causing grades to go down or not complete home work on time.
he tells of the courage his mother and father had of coming to the country without any knowledge of the language or culture.
is very clear that our teens are growing up with no communication skills.
you can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government.
he is cooperative and considerate.
she looks, and researches it.
the was a dark time.
all in all, the setting affected the cyclist in some pretty bad ways until the end.
in the memoir, the author created a mood.
i once has to drive hours to see my grandma in .
in this wasted time you could be out going for a jog or walking the day.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
the amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years.
with this people become glued to the computer and forget to do their homework.
the cyclist has a limited amount of water, and it was a very humid day for traveling.
bead all the about computers and you will think but like me.
first off, they should be removed because some people be offended by them.
with books for there age.
she decides that she was going to over comes its obstacles just as the flower over comes its obstacles every winter.
this is a problem because almost every great book ever wrote has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that certain reader.
and that is why i think the author has a grateful mood in the memoir.
nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world!
i read about the delicious food and rich culture.
the school has even started doing something very new, allowing parents and kids to check the students grade online.
secondly, the cyclist started running out of water.
they carry very helpful information.
but if you take visit there you will get to really last the food.
i would most certainly not!
on computers, you can order things from online websites instead of trying to go out and buy them.
the first thing i am going to talk to you about is how it is bad.
definitely, computers benefit society.
when the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there.
so when she sees the geese, and this symbolizes change.
next, some material in the library contain certain things that offend random people.
for example; reading ' ' by in my class last year was more than appropriate, though rather boring for the majority of the class.
knowledge is all around us.
censorship can mold people, not for the better.
he has thanked them many times.
why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion?
i tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color.
when i was younger, i remember going to the library all the time for movies and books.
so you can see why my family does not like computers.
you could be living in and chatting with someone in .
if it is such a big deal, i think they need to be removed.
even if the others loved what they saw?
the cyclist was tired and exhausted.
are three examples how the cyclist had been affected due to the setting of the story.
he is every inch a gentle man.
he rings the bell in time.
also people want to learn the lyrics to the song.
its become a threat to its user.
banning books and such from libraries takes away a part of history and leaves a gap for the future.
if its a good day the cyclist will want to rid.
one problem with show was that my dad loved show as well, and tried to get my mom to like the show.
do you think libraries should have the right to take books and movies off the shelves if they find it offensive?
all books serve a purpose and should remain staunch on the shelves of local book stores, regardless of the methods used in them.
if i had better hand writing i would have gotten a better grade.
with all the money libraries and schools save they can put it towards something learn fulfilling.
this entry proves to the reader that there are snakes in this sort of setting.
in conclusion the mood to wards the article i think happens to be grateful.
join a team instead of playing on the computer and .
so i just video chatted with them.
i believe things in the nature should be handled in great authority.
how could you take away the future of learning from the children that are our next generation.
some ask what a library is, well they are good places to go.
however, i think the main ones are to keep in touch with friends and family, to use the computer for educational purposes, and for entertainment.
censorship should not be used in libraries.
the author creates many moods in the story.
he brought his laptop with him so he was ask to video chat with his family.
to censor the books held in a library is to chip away at human progress.
censorship is acceptable in some circumstances but what is censored should not be decided by the government.
such as i think that if someone wants to check out an adult book they should be required to show id at desk.
the creates a mood that makes you think about your self and your family.
i can easily check scores or last nights games, listen to music, and play solitaire by myself.
at the same, these mane protests it from the teeth or claws of an enemy.
this is opinion why computers are benefit for society.
it is deserted and he feels dehydrated as well.
not only do you type on it, you learn on it.
on these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away.
these groups of people have a right to choose what material it is that they want to read, watch, or listen to.
i love my pet rabbit very much.
many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day.
so then you and your family would grow apart.
the principal read out the annual report.
i believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials.
he means all the people that he spends time with and has a deep connection with.
i think that if you look deep down into what it to say how you will understand why we need to do healthier ?
one laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze.
i believe in both in a way.
he was grateful because of the sacrifice (moving to the us) his parents did for him.
computers are educational but nature is better!
you know that most adults use an online dictionary to find the definition to a word?
finally the limits of the road affected the cyclist.
i will never forget how my parents turn the simple house into a home.
we need to find a balance.
like i said, i have a computer and i can use it to help me write.
allow the adults to censor what should be censored in their families
you could (instant message) them.
people are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens
in conclusion, people should learn to give some things a chance.
so lets start to cut our usage time down now.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist by teasing him.
you can do all this if you are bored or if you just want to go on the computer.
now imagine if we were able to stop that.
not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active.
lastly, in the future everything will eventually be run with computers, they are the then now and later!
it grows well in warm and wet climates.
the library staff should not be aloud to choose what books are aloud because if some one has a fine they get money.
this passage shows obstacles he had to go through in which he did and made it with a little confidence.
paper burns at degrees .
you never get up unless you absolutely need to.
people have different tastes in what they like to listen to or watch or read about.
my dear mother had come home.
they move in public places.
it was sad, but we promised to stay in touch.
allowing children and their parents to feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library.
every movie, book, and magazine have information about something that you want to know.
every day we read books, but do we know if they are offensive.
you would forget to say hi and how are you to your family.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
finally, you can find pleasure in computers.
on the computer there are many ways you can communicate with other people.
an ideal student should help the parents in household matters he should go to bed at a fixed time.
if they would like to express some adult subjects in their work that is their choice.
she relates the flower and geese to herself.
that brings us in next issue.
computers cause people to be less active.
second, is your water supply.
or you can level up skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking.
people who have posted the website could very well be crazy.
nowadays, that is their way to communicate with their peer.
sometimes it is just necessary.
people will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong.
the author wrote the book the way he or she wanted it to be written, not the way you would like to see it.
there are lots of things in a .
instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings.
well not this article gives you information about all of this.
think of everything you done when you write a letter.
my friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day.
though my opinion will only count to myself i hope you will to stress the importance of computers in your future articles.
could it be to much of a good thing?
computers kept our relationship healthy and i do not think it would have been that way without them.
more often than not they come to our help when we do not know what to do.
if you think back what had helped you complete the paper?
another reason is, it shows how confident this experience has made her.
you can learn about new things like people and places far away.
people sit on there butt all day.
but when someone looks at the facts a computer is a great thing to own.
do you have family members who live far away from you?
censoring a book is like taking away part of a masterpiece.
the author uses words such as warm to describe things.
they will stop inviting you places.
the sea is used as a road to transport goods and passengers from country to country.
not only the people blood related to your is your family but also friends and anyone close to you.
this shows that she can still eat the foods she ate back at her old home and try new things at her new home.
all of these obstacles cause the cyclist to become devastated and give up hope but he continues his travel and eventually finds a place to rest.
what if someone of a different religion found it highly offensive?
websites are invented on the main idea of communicating.
people are just going to have to get over the fact that they have to deal with what they see or hear.
movies too, if somebody wants that kind of material they need to go else where to find it.
this made his journey very dangerous.
in conclusion, computers do help us from everyday use.
i used to think that talking with someone.
in the memoir, the author creates a mood of love and community.
i think that we have a freedom to read about, listen, or watch whatever we would like, and removing these things takes away our freedom.
it comforts me knowing everyone is happy.
in reading i have noticed that societies that practice censorship tend to have angry citizens.
* no matter what age.
and the people who read them books are going to be upset that you took the books off the shelves.
walking up and down isles looking at all of the books, and wishing that they were all more interesting.
when she got home she went and told her parents he parents said that she should go and tell the librarian.
but all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful.
me as a child a is throwing me off of my homework.
as a student i know that kids use computers all the time.
how do you think that author would feel?
they are also far more reliable.
well my time is up here.
a second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research.
not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous.
do you understand why computers are useful, now?
books are alphabetically arranged in these cabinets.
their is just so much amount of time you can be on the computer for and not get bored.
computers are great for work.
first of all he listened to the old man so he was on the wrong path.
especially, miners who lie about their age.
the mood set by the author is very solemn.
finally, people should stop using computers as much as they are now, in order to keep their safety safe.
i feel that he wrote this because of his personal experience and it could relate to others
some people were standing and some others were sitting on the benches.
that is what i choose to do and i would say it is working out great.
so as you can see computers have a positive effect on people.
people can still enjoy nature as well as computers at the same time.
music that you hear on the radio is filled with suggestive lyrics.
the story is somewhat sad.
this also protects any reader from being denied the right to have information at their fingertips.
all of this shows that the setting affected the cyclist on his .
keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing.
you need to use your time wisely.
and they can teach us new things.
if not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions.
in the he tries out for baseball.
ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful.
i would like to no how some of these people come up with this at.
libraries have no right to censor books.
furthermore, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming.
this could be about any subject matter, however.
they help you learn have fun and communicate with people faraway.
completely taking books out of the library because they are offensive is not a good thing.
in conclusion, computers should be advanced.
in order to do this you need a web.
it happen to have the answer to his question.
the web site listed above can really make you forget about reality.
my last and final reason is that you can do almost anything on a computer.
he was extremely proud of his culture and thankful for the example his family had set.
when people are on the internet they could learn just about anything they want to on the giant mass of information we call the internet.
directors try and cover them up, but we know what they are trying to get across.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
that should prove that computers are very help full.
their government wanted a world of peace and a community where every man was equal and diversity was no longer existent.
for instance if people are on a lot of the time is research.
this last paragraph seems optimistic talking about the flower blooming and the geese returning which seems like she is starting to accept the change.
perhaps the reason is to make money or to share a point of view but either way the author generally wants his or her literature to be read.
at home, school, or even at work and yes it is offensive and no there is nothing you can do to stop it.
this is why i think the authors mood is happy and calm.
there even be a possibility that some books, not necessarily just books, hold someone up from that pit of depression they are so close to.
and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others.
the computer solves this.
even the post office uses computers to get letters and boxes to people.
plus, think of all the information you can learn.
third, his water bottle is emptying at an alarming late due to his third and relentless heat.
the can not replace the real outdoors.
they make pongal rice by cooking rice with milk and jaggery on this day.
there is a great noise in the whole building.
if this short story had a different setting, then the story would not make much sense.
first of all, people who are offended by certain books and movies should speak up, and do something about it.
we have family reunions, maybe your family can do that too.
on the internet there are more graphic photos, and some websites give false information on subjects.
man has not recognised the importance of trees.
my final reason is after a hard day at school or work you can come home, play some music and relax.
kids under age should stick to searching for books in areas or fields that will provide interest for them.
being a high school student and having a nice library in my school i have learned a lot from the books in my library.
so we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking.
also, do you know it was offensive to them are you going to have them show you what was the problem with this book?
there won' be many if you eyes are glued to the computer screen.
music is something that brings people together and allows them to be unique at the same time.
you would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is keep our world spinning.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
libraries have all kinds of amazing different books.
its not worth the trouble for just a book that you could just simply look past and look at other books.
if materials are offensive they should not be displayed.
he was a little scared at the fact he might die because of everything around him was in a sense dead.
computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics.
this saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade.
it is much easier, looking it up on the computer.
how would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public.
but there is also the choice of books for research.
lets be honest we all had a favorite book when we were little or as we grew up.
i say its a library, let us read what we want to read.
also, there are many people that find the offensive.
thirdly, they are a great source of entertainment.
he tried to publish it, but did not succeed because his work was considered offensive.
people, including singer have been caught in sexting.
talking online is very fun.
i much rather see kids outside playing.
censoring is not going to change our society.
others have different ideas.
computers have a massive affect on some peoples life.
its up to an individual to decide on what they will read and what their take is on the matter.
but there so key in major aspects today, the pros out weigh the cons.
the setting can affect a cyclist in a lot of ways.
it was easy to find out how life was in , thanks to the actual girl explaining it.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that computers do not benefit society.
what some people consider offensive, others not.
computers it the more advanced technology so its the people is using it.
well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, i would like to politely disagree.
have you ever read something that you have found offensive, upsetting, or has made you mad?
although other things have affects on youth, books are a different story.
the freedom to say what you please also includes singing.
that would benefit everybody greatly because the offensive items would no longer be on the shelves, and it takes little effort from all parties involved.
when you become a parent, you take on responsibility for the life of another person.
there are many reasons and examples that support this.
you could visit a new country without leaving town!
it is all your own choice of things you want to read.
the condition of the roads adds on to the hills.
i also find it interesting when people are very dramatic when trying to get there point across.
the computer can make things visual to kids and out.
an author who writes a story that involves sex is not trying to extend their writing and thoughts to second graders.
the growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others.
it is something to do when you are sitting at home and also when you are in the classroom.
have you ever been bored at home and looking for something to do on that dark, rainy, chilly night?
i believe that this was a good ending to the story.
in almost all cases, library patrons have been angry that certain materials have been deemed unsuitable to be offered at the library.
however, should a fifth grader be allowed to pick up a book about abortions at such a young age?
there are books that talk about black people in a bad manner, but they still need to be out there so that people will know.
dear local newspaper, do you feel about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a computer?
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
to catch up with friends, or to talk something with another.
the movie and song rating system is a form of censorship i believe to be needed.
my last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer.
i have seen what happens when you take a book off the self.
the next reason that books should not have censorship is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed.
or a person listening to hard and violent music feel upset or angry.
but i believe that the main purpose for computers is information.
the cyclist experienced how the setting of a bike ride can affect him a great deal.
', i can think of books and magazines that i would never want any child to look at, especially at a young age.
would you pull it out of the shelf for your child to not have a chance to see that?
almost every college student has a computer or laptop.
the law has not passed yet and has remained in schools.
knowing this, how could anyone truly believe that it would be smart to stop including new books that would entice new patrons?
statistics how or people help online instant or going in.
i try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance.
the specialist advised him complete rest.
my brother told me not to make any noise.
should we censor the materials in libraries?
books might have something things that you find offensive but, if you like the book so much you might as well finish it.
one person thinks it is a very offensive book and the other thinks it is a very beneficial book.
he had been riding on flat road when the terrain dramatically changed.
even some people do online education.
dear post, computers are an advance in technology, in a good way.
for example, the team manager of my soccer team always emails me times and locations of the next game or practice.
with more miles to go,the cyclist starts to loose hope of making it to his destination alive.
i have a computer at home and i know how much fun it is talking to your friends on or whatever you talk to your friends are.
he works hard and he loves his works.
objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while.
who knows, maybe you will get a book that makes you think twice about what information is held in between the bindings
should materials in libraries be censored?
you can instantly talk to people and catch up with them.
dear , have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer, or wishing you were on it?
computers have had a negative impact on society.
so, for those reasons, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
music also be offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation and race.
fortunately, there was no loss of life.
there are fore my parents love him very much.
yes, the electric bill could be higher, but for a good cause.
all she knows is what she learned in her country .
in my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers.
we need to solve this issue before more make the switch from nature to computers.
so if we take away the offensive material we would never get to learn more about or know where came from.
the mood given by the author in this memoir is happiness.
these are some features of the setting that affect the cyclist by making his trip harder.
dear newspaper, you know, the majority of people now posses computers.
as a child you have nothing but peace.
authors, illustrators, journalists and the slew of other individuals who compose the materials available in libraries are exercising their right to free speech through their works.
we can feel our heartbeat if we place our hand on the chest.
if anything i am trying to help me and my fellow citizens.
last we can talk to other people.
he started doing experiments and tried to prove his theory.
some newspapers are organs of political party.
my final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress.
but not every one agrees it benefits society.
computers make you smarter because you can look up different countries, you could look up people, and famous countries.
in another newspaper not long ago, it stated that a student attending , was dropped out for doing so poorly during school.
here is a short example.
first of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people.
this can not be true!
the hot heat that would make birds pick him drys all of those examples make it hard for the reader to take the old timers advice.
censorship in libraries and media should be abolished
they need a trusted adult to rely on to tell them how to feel, to act, to do, even to think.
the dry desert like setting would affect the cyclist because he could easily become dehydrated from the sun, and loss of water through sweat.
also, i think music should be removed from the shelf is because it was meant to heard.
but being in the desert on a bike with no water, and you are last, is quite bad.
despite the pain or irritation this is a type of learning i would welcome in libraries.
people need to leave the computer and do something else like ride a bike or play a sport.
instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email.
do you want that for our youth?
to start, people that use computers too much.
the internet offers so much information for people of all ages who want to learn and thrive.
this also gives me the feeling of warmth and love.
they share them with their neighbours.
there were not many structures on the way.
there fun to have because you could play many games on your free time with them too.
, computers benefit our society has been a hotly debated topic among citizens in our town.
censorship prevents people from seeing the whole perspective, and censorship hinders societal change.
i believe that music is a way that people express themselves.
just because some one finds them offensive.
i feel that since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing, that libraries and media centers should separate such materials from other books, magazines or .
neptune is the farthest planet.
this test meant more to then she just failing.
however, on the way there, he had to cross through a desert like terrain.
these things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer.
though there are so many people yet no cheerful voices are heard.
people gamble through online poker.
one way is is shown when mentions his grand parents.
having computer allows that family to chat an easy way to keep in contact talk with each other.
dear newspaper , even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects.
plus, there are many different disorders in the world.
reading is what keeps us informed, on the past and even the future.
not everything should be hidden.
my last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment.
you can even watch fights you want.
they do not have it.
the way her gentle grandmother?
another reason why computers are good to use is because of online chats.
electricity is used in place of coal.
so how can you tell what is okay for younger children and teens to view?
first, computers are not good for your eyes.
this allows the student to get full credit for their work.
there are two kinds of oranges some oranges are very sour.
although the cyclist chuckles about it, this setting sets up the long journey the cyclist has a head of him.
he should have packed an extra bottle of water.
finally, drug use should not be issued in books to kids.
computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills.
most would not want that at all and strongly encourage editing out things that their children are too young to hear and understand.
he then went to south africa.
there are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer.
a teenager goes into the to look up a book, they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on there topic.
missed each other until i turned and was invented.
the should never be allowed to decide what the public views.
think about your interest in music, art, and the style of books or magazines that you read.
i am waiting for the little young ones to come.
all in all, we can see that censorship could only hope to destroy the system libraries abide by.
he had found a water pump.
however you not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library.
opinion is that censorship should be left up to the parents of the children that are reading, listening to, or watching materials.
i know that i am always finding the computer useful.
censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library.
in conclusion those are opinions and reasons to support the effects about computers.
most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest.
first of all i believe if its on the shelf you should be able to get it, no matter what your age is.
but also give what point of view i feel about the books that are on these shelves.
find something your parents like to do and see if you like .
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
if it is a major issue that highly offends many people, it should not be in a public library.
last, computers can help you correct with friends and family members.
the author was grateful to his parents.
i would have to say any book that teaches a lesson or helps a teacher should be used no matter the content in it.
i have a few reasons why this is a good thing.
by banning these works of art you are banning individuality as a whole.
i strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down.
after she fails her drivers test.
computers have a positive effect on people because jobs are using them frequently.
reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life.
that is what the computer is for.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by it being so hot outside that he could have had passed out and died.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she has new hope and determination.
unlike the rebels going against it that is their own state of mind.
also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online!
allowing the reader, watcher, or listener to expect more and want more.
there are few moods created.
she is going to keep trying to adjust to her new home.
everything you read in a book is because the author wanted you to read it, not to just put it to fill in or to be nasty.
he also describes how good his neighborhood was and how they were a close knit community.
however she knows that the hibiscus will be coming back and she have the awareness of the obstacles coming back.
they assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple.
i believe along with many others that libraries should not censor out offensive materials.
it is a good way to end the story because the hibiscus was not involved in her life before she took the drivers test.
so many people all over the world have computers.
in the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job.
you can learn just about anything on the internet, and most of it is absolutely free.
other experts disagree.
this means when they are in the airport waiting for their plane, they can just play a game or watch some television.
we must, as a society, be able to accept this.
they even indulge in many criminal activities.
dear newspaper , people believe that the negatives of computers out weigh the positives.
everyone have seen a lot of things that are offensive to races and beliefs.
you just can use the internet for just about anything.
there are all kinds of books out there and no two books are the same.
i do not think other people who actually enjoy reading and listening to that stuff, if they are happy then so be it then they are happy.
so, lets face it, computers are important.
so many things that they can do, is run, jog, and go for bike rides.
my first reason is that parents do a lot of work on computer.
do you know that square box with a screen on ?
for example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places.
it made it peaceful because the author gives the reader the feeling that their was nothing to worry about.
in stories, author lend them many different ways with many different effects.
if everyone begins to complain and argue of what is being put on shelves in libraries.
although most fail to be banned right now, the world is very unpredictable.
its your choice what to get not theirs.
these are some reasons that show how this memoir has a peaceful mood given by the author who wrote it.
when parents send or take their children to a library, they do not expect their child to be able to pick up something that is not appropriate.
you must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life.
if something is considered offensive, why put it in a library anyway if its going to be open to anyone in the public, including children?
but mainly the mood is loving.
for example fly a plane.
therefore its going to be very hot and hell need a lot of water t stay hydrated.
just make sure that you know what your kid reads.
dear , to this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer.
you decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can go out and play.
computers have a large effect on people.
dear local newspaper, you agree that computers effect people?
see the world through their own eyes.
in foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself.
do you want your kids to interact with aunt sally who lives miles away.
anyway you think about the computer is a good thing to invest in.
like trees, they take in ) and release oxygen.
in fact one out of fifty books contain racism.
adults and kids get a lot of information out of the libraries reading materials.
therefore computers have positive effects.
books, music, movies and magazines are all mad to interest people and what they enjoy reading.
that affects a lot of people because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer.
i had a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer.
the conditions that the bicyclist faced that affected his trip were various amount of things that could really screw your ride up.
they would do kind things for them.
this goes from kids to adults.
if its not to overweight to not spending time with families, to doing schoolwork.
also it does not matter to me if i have to pay for the things that i check out from the library.
these things can still benefit our society though.
little kids books about kittens?
that could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family.
you can make what that person stand for meaning nothing at all.
the end, when he is revived with water he almost looks back on the journey comically.
you just have to be careful what music you listen to at a library because there are young people everywhere.
and, if something was wrong.
people are different in many ways.
lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games.
but i also think the should put them book up in a part were they have adult things and book at.
it revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming.
so one day my friends look me through a which has all it,.
the spring symbolizes normal because at home where she thinks is normal is covered with beautiful flowers, like spring.
i believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past
with censorship one can not fully express there self or opinion.
i have been in a library a few times in my life.
the bad thing about computers are hackers and people that wont get off their computers.
it affects him physically because of the rolling hills he has to trudge over and the lack of water he has.
if those kinds of movies were not there in the first place, his parents would not of had to worry about it.
reason three your health is at risk.
the items that do contain graphic content, cursing, etc.
because he really loves his mother, and father and his baby sister.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons.
the first solution is to have certain offensive material under lock and key from the public.
i would create a good atmosphere in the school.
it is practically the same with books.
i will just turn it off or not read it anymore.
as the journey continued, the cyclist loses hope it seems.
if stores take away these items that it is almost like taking away their right to make a choice.
remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things?
the internet, a marvelous created years ago .
for example, gay and lesbian marriage peoples thoughts and opinion on this topic.
however, the hibiscus symbolizes hope and comfort.
if everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate, there not be anything left for people to read.
the level increased dramatically and so have the high pressure level!
that is why i believe their should be censorship in every library.
another reason is going to the library cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks.
all the teachers and students like him.
kids all over the use the internet to do class projects.
my third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on.
the common people should have the liberty to check out what ever they please.
i would have to agree with the second group of people.
just the other year, the librarian, whom i stay in constant contact with, asked me if she should take the book off the shelf.
without computers our society would not be so far advanced.
some people have different tastes in movies.
dear , the average teenager spends hours on a computer daily!
memories, promise, and life help explain why the author conclude the story with this paragraph.
the cyclist is very discouraged by the dry and hot settings around him.
the children might just be looking at books and magazines in the library and not even check it out.
lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open.
we checked into a hotel and had our lunch.
internet usage needs to be cut down to sites.
we all need a little inspiration in our down spiraling lives, and we need education.
also, the heat: first, the terrain affects the cyclist.
my mom said that most of her friends chat online with her.
we all need to except things if we like it or not at times.
overtime, you begin to gain weight by spending more time using the computer and less time working out and staying fit.
smell nice out to day.
in paragraph , this caused confusion and worry.
so then i completed project and headed it in to teacher.
finally it makes you more social with people.
no one has to be skinny to be pretty.
magazines could be offensive by the words used, such as slang words, cursing words, and violent words.
first, books can be used as monumental learning sources for kids, teenagers, and adults.
materials bring all different kind of subjects, and stories for everyone.
sometimes your closest friends are across the country & you want to talk to them.
i mean i find it offensive, but how is everyone else going to see if it is or not, if you take it off the shelf?
it is hard to believe that we ever had a peaceful day without any violence.
nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours.
so you will have to wait.
i say those people are !
bullying has caused death or many other problems.
remembers all the happy times he had, and memories that took place in his home.
people can read or watch whatever they want.
and finally the path you take along the way and how many stops you make along the way.
or you never know you could forever and never be found.
another reason why a computer is not needed is many people neglect pure nature.
my mother says she is soon going to lay eggs.
such a lovely sound.
you can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer.
i think that they should have any an every kind of book, magazine, an movie you want at the library.
in a public library a person should have the right to read whatever he or she pleases.
i say this because, in every situation, either one side benefits, both sides benefit, or neither side benefits.
would you want your children influenced by these findings?
in public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble.
you know the setting disappoints him when he sees the terrain he has to cross as well.
in the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly.
and happens when this movie is released and checked out from the library by a young boy who just wants a fun sleepover with his friends?
dear local newspaper i support the advances in technology.
the cyclist should had looked at his map instead of taking the old man advise because all the information was on the map.
features we find in many railway stations.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
as you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way.
statement is as true as any statement could be.
but i figured it out, she grabbed me by my hand and took me to the car.
love and sacrifice is the mood throughout the memoir that the author created.
above all, computers help you connect with old friends who have moved away or parted ways earlier in life.
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
if we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool!
another reason the author might end the story with that paragraph is to have a effect on the reader.
the features of the setting in the essay do not exceed the posted speed limit affected the cyclist in a negative way.
there is a majority of people in the world who really like listening to rap or &.
dear , computers have a very positive effect on people.
feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story.
it makes our society look bad and taints our places of knowledge.
others can get mad at a movie because discriminates races of other kinds.
as citizens of the we can not let this happen to our great nation.
the intense heat, rough terrain, the animals and his isolation all contributed to his strain while completing his challenging task.
for starters, computers are harmful because they are very bad for our eyes.
the flower represents something to her that gives her motivation and determination.
because i have a choice if i want to watch it or not.
one way that he expressed this in the memoir was by saying that his man had let in other immigrants to their house.
lastly, when you learn how to type you have a good shot at getting a good job because you no hot to type and work a computer.
this increase would help many, people with low coordination.
due to this, many people have no communication skills.
it part of life though.
but peoples education is also effected.
you can also watch on there!
censorship is somewhat the same way.
also, interactions with family members & friends decrease.
any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book.
the main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive.
censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research.
all my reasons before.
it saves peoples time and lets them do other things except have to drive somewhere to give a letter to them.
will i disagree with what you say.
it is your choice in what you want to read, listen to, or watch.
but, everyone has rights to what they want to know and what they do not want to know.
all arrangements had been made.
we entered our compartment.
in the story, do not exceed postal speed limit, many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
also some books help prepare a person for the outside world.
without books that are considered offensive, we would not have any books to read at all
so i am going to talk about what i have heard about my family seeing or finding books, music, movies, and magazines offensive.
numerous flight simulators and driving simulators are available on the consumer market.
(par ) this gives the memoir a friendly mood, it shows that the author loved his whole neighborhood.
it not seem like a lot is missing now, but as time goes on the gap will increase, and more knowledge will be taken from our grasp.
humility is a good habit.
the mood the author sets is very loving.
now they cannot ever play the game for it might cause serious brain damage.
obviously, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
it would impair our basic rights.
first of all, computers are a big source of knowledge.
so stop reading and use a computer!
computers are a great thing to have.
another thing you can be taught or informed about is news.
the causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games.
desserts have little shade, if any; and they have rough weather as well as rough landscape.
if they censor the one book that you need then that could possibly ruin the whole book for them.
also, some things could be offensive to some people that could be critical to research for others.
if a reader discovers a book is offensive they should know to stop reading not finish the book then complain about offensive material.
people get a pleasant surprise when the clown starts dancing on the rope or wire.
i think computers are good what about you.
also its a desert like setting, adding to his thirst.
it is a free choice to read a book, regardless of what it says.
offensive things have been around in libraries, probably since the first library opened.
he said if it looked like i was going to lose consciousness for the last time.
i liked the book but was sad,but i read because people were talking about .
computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer, and it effects how you do in school.
also if you have family in a faraway place you will be able to look online and see what is happening there.
in our modern day world we are bombarded with images of sex and indecency.
secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world.
an ideal teacher is never angry with his students.
lastly, video chatting is a new improved way to see a live video of the other person.
that would prevent the accidental discovery by children.
the hibiscus is a piece of her past, adapted to fit her current situation.
in trying construct a monument, the government and culture find that they have little to build off of.
, i am writing this letter to inform you about the use of computers.
loved how his parents loved him back too.
if a computer is portable then you can see nature and still use the computer to get the job done.
censorship seems like a great idea at first thought!
i typed in nature parks on a search engine, and sister is back to traveling all over .
every time there is a big rally about an author writing about a certain belief, there is negative thoughts.
whenever there is a knock at the door, we rush to open the door.
things like exercise, socializing and homework matter.
therefore, new exercises, moves or tricks online can help them out a lot.
many people think email is a waste of time, but can help you in your everyday life.
the computer also allows you to talk from faraway places like if you live in you can talk to somebody else in .
to her the strange things are starting to feel the same year by year no new hope, no new anything just the same old thing day by day.
you ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting.
computers have a negative effect on people.
recently the growing issue of censorship in libraries came to my attention.
lastly computers help people make money and support their family.
his mood is warm and compassionate as he talks about how much each one of his community was important to him.
computer are also a new way to get entertained.
i disagree what people say about computers.
made their slave through ignorance.
in elementary school, my friend had moved away to .
the cyclist was riding rough terrain and rolling hills.
the a lot of his in the story.
computers could even be used for school work.
when i did get on the computer i only had an hour to look up everything.
because of the internet, people across the globe can talk to each other as if they were neighbors.
my final reason is also very helpful.
also the internet is used to just have fun.
computers take away too much to be spending so much time on.
no one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries.
cousins and i rarely see one another, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected.
we can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer.
all because we are addicted to using the computers.
if the world becomes more and more dependent on the of computers and such, that could mean things.
this is just one reason why i think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of the .
almost all means of communication can be done with a computer.
computers have a negative effect on people and i say we should find a way to cut down computer time.
there can be different censorship on individual people too.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
he finally came up to a fishing supply store where he was able to take a break and get a nice drink!
this is great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do.
secondly why computers are a positive effect because it gives people the ability to search far away places.
would you want to end up like one of those people, that are in a camp because they are on the computer to much.
using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers.
in conclusion, computers help our society in a lot of ways.
you have probably read this and thought to yourself.
to begin with on a computer you can have a lot of fun by playing games.
the cyclist should have never taken the advice from the older men.
this passage just completely revealed how much love had been in the air, even through those hard times.
it just depends how sensitive people are.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
i think that there are many different few from many different people on books.
this shows her family is kind and loving.
i agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on.
by doing this we can learn what life is like for them.
dear newspaper, i think that when kids or even adults get computers, then they would not use it for good causes.
because he was running out of water, running out of strength, and running out of patience.
i am before you it, or before buying the songs.
their should be something like a warning label on the magazines, movies, music, etc.
however, she will get used to it and do her best to do so, as shown in the closing paragraph.
the test subjects saw doctors from problems with joint pain.
strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational.
what i believe is the best thing about computers, is that it is a great source to learn.
there is two things that are going to happen.
dreadful, humble, time conservative computers are taking away the meaning and enjoyments life that are offered to us.
she has slowly gotten used to this new place and recognizes the seasons now as she thinks this last thought.
one way the features of the setting affects the cyclist is that the mountains make the cyclist more tired.
so these were reasons or some bad effects computers could have on people if your not go outside to do some activities or to hang out with some friends.
when you are using technology usually it is work related.
yet, i believe that it could have a negative influence as well.
this made me smile it was so beautiful.
, a for , says that sites like have skyrocketed in popularity over the .
this represents the change that has occurred in her and it foreshadows that things will be different from now on.
after coming back to india he practiced as a lawyer for a few years.
lets say you want to know about someone famous, you look it up on the computer.
because its hot, and hes tired, he begins to see mirages that affect him.
unfortunately, it is often times a group of minorities that ruin something for the greater minority.
lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying.
i believe the effects of computers on people are positive ones.
i believe that it is unjust because the girl not have had anywhere else to go to get the information about her project.
i love to read during the day.
the author concluded this story with this paragraph because she wanted show how the flower gave the little girl strength.
in the last paragraph the author explains that home is were he learned the real definition of family and love.
he takes me around the farm.
the man feels like their is nothing left and its the old men who caused this.
they can play hitting games, shooting games, and even board games.
for the interacting with friends and family you can do that i mean how long can a person look at a computer screen.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
first of all, a group of young boys and girls came on the stage.
books that are offensive should be supervised as to who gets to view them.
is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their .
thank you for your time, and just remember your job is done on computer too.
so there you got my opinion that censorship should be allowed at high schools
ashamed that she failed the test, she still showed her mother the flower she found, which was not like the one at home.
while some of it is not appropriate, other parts of it guide us.
before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly.
what if a young child was wondering around a store or a library, and randomly picked up a book or magazine with offensive pictures in it?
at most jobs you have to know how to work a computer.
to see such selfless act is just wonderful.
i believe the author ended the story this way for many reasons.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is loving, caring, and gratefulness.
this will make you a lot more friends.
in a library no one can judge you for your beliefs, culture, or opinions.
sometimes what children read, they will say it or they will do it.
a computer can help you find directions to almost plan on earth.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
(i know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer what you can, and cant do, be the boss control.
computers today are much different from computers back then.
and last children should be playing outside.
her white gown made her look like an angel.
this leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you.
its not fair to those who want to read it.
books did not always give you the information you needed whatever was written was all you got.
also because they had to leave their lives back at home and start all over again.
talking to people over the computer is nowhere near close to talking to someone face to face.
you can meet new people who can also give you good advice.
when students go on the computer they can chat with friends.
here lies the problem.
in conclusion i think computers are good things.
it effected the cyclist very much.
the people that think there should be censorship on library books will most likely get there way at least in their community.
the use of repetition provides a reader with the knowledge that that word is very important.
i think this censorship issue is a prime example of that.
it gives capability to do more than you can imagine.
it just depends on how you feel about what has been written.
replied, ' , the book is to reviling.'
many people love computers.
i most people would feel bad.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph in order to end the story on an optimistic note.
even if someone gets their hands on one of these works, safeguards could be used at the front desk to keep them from borrowing the material.
because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions.
i will collect small things nearby and will build a nest a top of a tree.
even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past.
is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer.
the more our younger generation reads about these ugly things, the more curious they become.
i also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things.
yes, i agree with the concern that expert have.
some people enjoy these strong materials and should be able to find them in their libraries for their pleasure.
people take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt.
for example, in seventh grade i moved from to .
do you think that your eyes are going to be fine i disagree.
he thought how to get rid of these sufferings.
just because someone finds something offensive in a written work does not mean that everyone else will, too.
no one is perfect and we all make mistakes.
now that older and like to read, i read more books about action and mystery.
there are many times in the memoir when author created a mood.
it would be pretty much the same thing as selling liquor, or cigarettes to a minor.
in experience, mother has taken part in censoring me from offensive materials from a very young age.
in love he shows that his parents immigrated mostly to give his children a better future.
finally, is one of the most obese places in the whole world.
there have been times when my mother will not allow me to read a book because it dealt with issues that i was not ready to learn about.
make it hard for them to do their homework.
these people are spending like hours tops on the computer.
what culture and landscapes are like without even being .
it is obvious that more & more people are having problems with eyes everyday.
dear newspaper i think that computers were one the best things ever created.
computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination.
because maybe that person who wrote the book, or movie was expressing how they feel, and you can not tell someone how to feel or express themselves.
i remember my friend telling me about her new dog, i never even heard of.
many say that history repeats itself.
we need water for our daily activities like bathing, cooking, washing, etc.
i am not saying that i am totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on television.
a person who is on the computer all day and does nothing else except that, then that is not healthy at all.
people that estimate the cost of a building need it for adding something or keeping a record.
in almost all of books someone be able to find something offensive to them or to someone else.
some people, their jobs are on computers.
i think that the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
i feel energetic for the whole day.
millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day!
all throughout the memoir, he talked about how his parents love of him had them leave their countries and come to the us.
although some people do not always benefit by having a computer, most the time people are satisfied, and do benefit from the use computers.
there was no one around that he could ask for help from.
all in all the mood for the memoir was happy.
in the story winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with, when they come back take that test again.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
think about the situation that you might come across and can be offensive to you.
is an example of keeping in town with someone else.
dear local newspaper, i overheard some people talking about how much time their families spend on the computer.
the setting is the reason his mood changes through out the story.
it also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember.
this topic now poses a question: ' all censorship bad?'
they can see bad pictures, nudity, drugs and violence.
many libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves.
these days, so many things offend so many people, in so many different ways.
my second reason who f think computers have terrible effect is because eye damage.
well now its this advance machine called a computer.
this is the same case with other populations of people.
but is it not our actions that follow seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are.
he has passed his middle school examination.
people have different beliefs.
he goes from place to place to catch thieves and bad people.
five minutes into class as the teacher was reading the book, she read and enunciated every word in the book.
from what a word means, to the directions to get to , the computer can help with all of this.
find something more common towards your own interest.
obviously, computers and sites like these have to have a positive effect on the world.
“an eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
i you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing.
we should teach people about them.
if the setting was in a city surrounded by buildings the author would still feel some security even without water
for example, many books talk about drugs and smoking.
, he did not know where he was going so it was harder for him.
you would censor a school book if it had graphic text between its covers.
censorship could allow us to keep track of what our children and teens view.
that just goes to show that one does not keep such skill in check, they could in fact cause a serious malfunction on a construction site.
they are big helpers.
there are so many alternatives then to just take those certain books off the shelves completely.
also, statistics show that of own computers.
also, i, think the author did that so that it would add a positive effect on the story.
taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they cannot wear the clothes they would like, or drive the car they want.
shes going to retake it and try again.
for example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use.
basketball is played between two teams.
when he says this the reader imagines someone in an ???
the native country of the ostrich is af-rica.
no two men can be the same.
tens of thousands of stamp dealers supply them with stamps along with stamps albums, catalogues and other publications.
an example of his determination is the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road.
it is either to keep them safe, pure, or happy.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you about the use of computers and how they are bad for society.
a library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new views.
i also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book.
then what will you do?
it is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation.
dear newspaper, i think that the effects are okay as long as we get off the computers and go outside and see some friends and get some exercise.
in this memoir, there are moods created by the author in the memoir.
then go out side and enjoy the outdoors.
what one person loves, another hate.
when the geese come back in the spring it will be like a now beginning.
whilst regular colleges could cost around thousands of dollars in order to get in, online colleges are much rather cheap, affordable to anyone.
they can be amazing for a while but only for a while.
overall, the negative outcomes of censorship outweigh the positive outcomes.
they let you communicate quicker.
they get caught up in drugs or the fame that it puts them in.
creates a warm, comforting mood in a piece of home: the blueprints of our lives.
yes we do live in a world where everyone is judged by how they .
i have met a obese child.
she is not giving up on it.
this is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas.
but, if you take off stuff that can be offensive to others then that means you would have to take off the items.
people are busy in earning money or solving their problems.
he loves cooking and his parents taught him how to cook.
computers are the way of the future.
in case you are iffy about my reasons, i will simply restate them.
this shows how friendly and inviting the were.
cellphones, cars, telephones want!
in this case computers are good.
lastly, when kids miss their favorite shows one day, they can just look it up the next day to get caught up.
like say a high school paper.
i can even see how my cousin in is doing.
i know so many people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting fresh air.
they would not even let me listen to this one band because they had a song out about this girls husband having an affair on her.
so please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive.
you might need the computer to search up things for a project.
a lady took a fancy for me.
i believe that in some instances things available to be checked out should be censored.
since humankind has had writing we became more intelligent, taking books off all of the shelves would revert us to primitive beings.
businesses thrive in other countries.
they given us ability to learn!
the author in the memoir mood was happiness because they bought a new house in new jersey.
through the story, he had all but a few slips of his water left.
it would help making finding a book easier for finding that right book.
every one is going to disagree about something in there life time.
everything is on the internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it.
at this point i ask you, the computer worth everything we think it ?
this started to trouble him.
the time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others.
it could help develop a smarter brain in many ways.
i could not do my events for science so i got a on it.
but that book helps people realize how much pain that slavery put on people.
if all books had to be appropriate for every age, it would take all the interesting out of everything.
okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them.
they are on to check , , .
a visit to a book-fair will give them an insight into the world of intellectual power.
i think it has affected me a lot today on who i am today.
computer save great tools for moving ahead and we should cheer, as them, not trash them.
if people want to censor books, then censor them from their own children and not the children of others and inevitably an entire population.
they are not telling you what to believe and what not to believe.
it all just depends on the person!
everyday i go on the computer i learn something new.
also so its not just an ending where you never know what happens it gives you something to forward to.
books that are found offensive are really bad for you to read.
for so many reasons i have said, and the ones i have not said, they help people learn.
also, computer are not only letting people talk to their friend, but its causing bullying.
then they all get very depressed.
to stop yet another generation from messing up their lives taking the materials off is the best solution.
when the flower is budding, it is beginning a new life.
i know you agree with me.
you have any interaction websites?
if anything is to be banned, i believe it is censorship
for moving to , making sacrifices, wanting a better life for them.
when i was little i was always in the library and it was never hard to get a book with bad language.
parents also make the effort to censor what their kids read, watch, and listen to as a way of keeping them innocent.
i for one think that they need to put more magazines on the stands so you can have more information.
dear local newspaper, your computer daily can be a waste of your life.
it is impossible to please everyone, so what should be done?
when the snows melt and the geese return and his hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
a person has their own rights to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to.
the fact that something could be banned for something so trivial is a frightening thought.
computers cost a lot of money.
i believe computers are a good thing for several reasons.
a sport that requires a lot of this is .
and a lot has to do with the kidnapping.
there is also a website called .
they provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment.
if you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then i doubt you were.
my brother is in and every day i get on the computer when i get home and video chat with him.
i spend quite a bit time on the computer, yet i am still a very active person.
i know this because the text says and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
when he stops for water, the pump he finds does not have any more water in it except for a few drops.
the problem is that people are spending hours on the computer each day.
i hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people.
moreover, the children were bound to destroy these things in no time.
computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to complete things very quickly and efficiently.
while some books are censored because of shame, some are censored because a certain group of people find it offensive.
this section are for the younger children.
it is unfair, if nothing else.
for example the lack of water was the biggest thing.
so i will say that can be a good thing but too much of it can be bad.
finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it.
these horrible happenings offend some but they cannot be erased from the past.
if one wishes to learn about how to murder in a then i think they should be aloud to do so.
(also heart warming!)
the man pushed himself and stopped thinking about water.
one way to get rid of this problem is censorship, or taking a specific book out of the hands of the public.
people should really think about having computers.
even though there is a chat on the computer it is nice to talk to your friends in person.
we argued for about five minutes and finally the magazine was off the shelves.
finally, i think that censoring what is put on the shelves would be a mistake.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is they had no problem finding a house.
even nature suffered from the advent of computers.
many people do not like a policeman because he is rough.
before computers and internet, there were only these ways to have fun during boring times in the day.
many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it.
there are many reasons why i believe that computers benefit our society.
having an age limit in place for this material is key so that small children do not view it and get the wrong message.
government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world.
if your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online.
movies should be judged a little more carefully in my eyes, because movies are like show and tell.
in conclusion, i feel the computer is an addiction.
also the whole race, the cyclist biggest problem was water.
the images from the film stayed in my head for a good month.
some teachers take some food or tea.
computers help kids too.
certain people like certain kind of music.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood towards the journey.
and the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff.
my cousins however, do not teach their children about .
another girl came on a cycle with one wheel.
music is a great way to clear your mind and relax.
people like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened.
from to the numbers of obese people increased from of citizens to .
without the computer you would have to visit not knowing what shot to take for sickness they have.
they always had each others backs and had many celebrations.
you can gather information from servers websites, , you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer.
there are way to many ways around having to take the books completely off the selves.
similarly, censorship limits what people can watch.
and talking with other people just makes us happy.
rated movies are known to be for adult watchers and same goes for video games.
the movies even have something to do with it to, because it all the movies are together kids to adults movies.
the mood in the memoir is happy.
they shared food, shared their homes, and shared happiness between them.
my friend came by my house one day to hang out and do some homework.
in my opinion it is but only to a certain extent.
the can hurt people, cause addiction, and seclude your life.
has been beneficial to everybody.
most of the time a child will read what looks interesting and fun.
when there are different opinions, there are always going to be different books out there about the same topic from multiple points of view.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effect of computers are that, it depends on how much you use the computer.
so, the mood in this poem makes you feel like home is where the heart is.
for example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them.
finally, as the earthquake in i was able to donate through the website.
some people think they should be removed from the shelves, and i am one of them.
none should be denied.
because libraries are public, they are open to all eyes so we must be careful about what we allow on their shelves.
i say enjoyable because the author talks about how they (main character) had the first birthday and first friend.
well i dearly hope your answer benefits the children in .
i frequently use this program to talk to my sister at college.
the word itself is a symbolism of slavery, without it, the book is not as powerful.
along the way he found an old abandoned juice factory.
censoring libraries is something to protect you and your family.
i also wanted to take you to the other side without computers.
censorship can be considered as a major problem.
also it helps you with your hands by making you learn how to catch stuff and how to react quickly with your hands.
the person who picks up the product should know how they are and should know if they can handle the material.
if things were organized into sections that stated how offensive the material was then it is likely that almost everything would be in the offensive section.
if people want to read these kinds of books they should search elsewhere.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
the second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places.
people can be offended in the most easiest ways.
you plan to play for minutes, but the minutes turns into minutes, which even turn into an hour!
certain rated material should be put in certain spots for certain people.
those books should not be censored from libraries because of words or ideas that are found offensive.
they provide a wide arrow of games, educational can just plain fun.
lastly computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire.
others teach how future generations can change the world by simply working hard and doing their best.
he was majorly dehydrated because he was out of water except nor a few tantalizing sips.
i often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc.
the point is, anything can be found offensive, if you just glance at it, or look at it to much.
just like weather people always want to know breaking news.
anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web.
well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school.
when i was six years old we a driving game.
the authors setting described a difficult terrain and harsh weather for bike riding.
when you go to a library you assume that no matter what kind of book you are wanting to read, they will have it.
first of all, the libraries will lose customers.
where would we be in science and medicine without computers?
i believe censorship is wrong.
police are shown as stupid and slow and civil characters shine by contrast.
first reason that computers are positive is that it can help you with your education.
this need for the computer can be bad.
this enclosed creature later develops in to a butterfly.
this cyclist was fighting against strong forces of nature.
i think every library needs to take into consideration of the topics above to help people reduce the issue of people or children finding uncensored books in just any section
they use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time.
people all have there own mind sit to away that they want to live or how they want there kids to live.
so now i ask you, what do you think
because it could mean so much.
this also allows a variety of books to a variety of people
my second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades!
students love having access with information around the world.
that means they will stay strong in the meantime just like her.
she scolded my brother for making noise.
the reason i want to ask that is because they should be doing that everyday.
the cyclist has it hard in the conditions lack of water, heat and rough terrain are all things that made his ride harder.
a perfect example is my brother.
the author explained how her parents were very courageous and brave for leaving their home land.
i have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader.
here, his hope returns as he finds a rather modern bathroom where he can stop to get a drink.
a library should have the right to put whatever materials it would like on to their shelves.
it becomes very pleasant and cool.
games could possibly be very useful when you need to prepare yourself something.
how their doing and what have they been up to.
if every book that was found offensive was taken of a shelf we would soon have no books left.
these three themes set the mood of this memoir.
many trees provide us medicinal products such as quinine and eucalyptus.
but how do you keep a young child from checking out a book, movie, or magazine about inappropriate adult material?
books have gotten out of hand, as well.
for example my mom runs miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer.
families relationships are being ruined and peoples health is at steak!
the first thing that affected his ride was the heat.
bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids.
looking outside the window, i saw snowflakes falling on everything.
in some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills.
dear , have you ever spent more than an hour at once on the computer?
i really think that anyone should be able to read the kind of books that they like.
books, music, movies, magazines, and more are a good way to learn.
rooms are the main why.
many programs let you to people through the internet.
when he saw a building he became happy but when he found out it was run down he was sad, thirsty, and tired.
computers do many things for us.
she fails her drivers test and is very upset.
wants his parents to know that loves them very much and lets them know by thinking them.
third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework book or paperwork.
thinking that nobody cares about them.
the mood is described as joyous, giddy, excited, and elated.
you are exercising your fingers.
i think the top level or a certain area should be the adult area.
it causes violence among people.
everyone has their own views, which is why people should learn to respect the views of different books no matter how offensive the material be to them
maybe, the states would become smarter and contain more knowledge.
this can also be used with movies.
but when she finds a hibiscus plant, it reminds her of her homeland.
the library a wonderful place with many genres of literature such as children books, nonfiction books, fiction books, adult books, movies, etc.
in that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise.
would you want someone taking away your right to do something you like to do because they find it offensive?
computers are helpful device.
it can even help you find a job.
people who pollute waterways should be punished severely.
this put him at a great risk for dehydration, which he tells the reader he reaches in the last time of paragraph ten.
it would be kind of hard to keep track of how much trash is thrown out every year without a computer, surely banks use computers too!
she sees it as being indomitable, renewing and beautiful.
also, you can go on google and type in anything you want and it will give you the answer.
the world would be forced to be silent.
children get hurt from doing .
his very happy he came from such friendly family.
it also indirectly included that families can be torn apart if you let them be, but the choice is yours and you can prevent it from happening.
all the times i go to the libraries i have never come across a book that was offensive.
one day someone came over and they started talking outside.
in conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only i, of the many benefits a computer has!
love for family and love for each other.
but some tell you what age it is suitable for.
i found one i thought looked cool, took it off the shelf, and brought it up to the cashier.
they always had there door open for friend and family and most of there friend would go over every night.
you can put it as your background on the desktop.
last it can save lives computers are great, if we were to loose them.
an example that shows how loving they are is when it they left their family, friends, and careers so their children could have a better life.
this is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers.
it is just starting to scare me about what kind of stuff my little brother and little sister could be reading.
people want the classic computers, but now they come out with new ones like, touch screen ones.
talks about the immigrants in the area and how they come together with their different backgrounds.
a few years back, my mom stopped taking my brother and i to the library.
what might be offensive to one person interest another.
have you ever walked into your library and started reading a book but decided to put it back on the shelf because of the language in the book?
removing those small things, however, could grow into a bigger problem.
when he said the sign rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, was very cautious.
this is the mood created in this excerpt.
people have there own choice on what they want to read , watch,or listen to.
are you hearing this from your children than usual?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his travel a lot harder.
i know you will agree with me when i say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves.
it was breezy with shade from trees and rivers.
their are great things to at the local park every day.
most music should have a positive message to it.
we are blessed to live in , where we have freedom of speech.
the author concludes winter hibiscus with the paragraph because it continues the theme of adjusting to changes in life.
these are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship.
dear , i agree that computers do have a positive effect on people.
it would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible.
its opens up to be beautiful again.
exercise is a key part of staying healthy.
she says, its strong enough to make it through the cold month here, this winter hibiscus.
the hills the cyclist had to ride up were wearing him out.
then each family had to buy the software and programs to go with the computer.
of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places.
also they have the ability learn more on the computer.
if you cut the blood flow, bad things are bound to happen after that.
this is why computers are affecting every day people.
well i am sort of considered that smart kid.
last one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to .
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit affect the author in a big way.
if that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section.
this made the biker have to work harder, and use more energy.
i think the comp is a in every household.
but it didn’t seem of many challenges to the man in front.
you should stop and think if you was a writer, would you want someone to throw your hard work in the trash?
you can learn quite a bit with a computer.
we stayed these until the park closed.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist sees many different settings when he left it was early summer and it was pretty hot outside.
no one can make some one watch or listen to something that offends them.
as long as he thinks about his death, there is only more death.
first, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place.
clearly you can see why computers have positive effects on people and society.
this person is very grateful for all of the things he parents did.
by censoring the speech of authors, their rights have been denied.
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
, , people have been doing less exercise and not enjoying the great outdoors.
it can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for an extended amount of time than they should.
and so your friends notice wonder.
people have to be careful of what they say, and i feel that makes speaking and attempting to express yourself so much more challenging.
we enjoyed every single minute we spent.
a student receives a classic home work assignment.
what do you think about books?
not everyone finds the same things offensive and should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them
another element in the story that effects the cyclist is the lack of water.
one late winter night, we heard the cry of an old lady, from the nearby house.
imagine if you we not able to read your favorite book because it was no longer considered appropriate for society.
also along his journey the cyclist encounters hills.
she gave me a for a project grade.
well, some people already are throwing their lives away.
my final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library.
i think that creates a very calming are caring mood.
everyone has the right to read and write what they want.
you can find information fast.
she is going to forget about failing the driving test and work to pass it in the spring.
lets us talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night.
parents should also care about what there child hears or reads if there young.
doctor brown says everyone should go outside to just relax mostly everyday because staying in the house is not good.
first, she wants to adapt to the new this new land.
farmers need to keep reports on their money income.
this had made the cyclist dehydrated and not think right.
people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time.
in conclusion, the web is used for researching.
how unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person.
every book removed from the shelves is another learning experience taken away.
we had to leave all of our family and friends behind.
these changes in terrain played into the fact that the weather did not cooperate.
find something to do other than play games on the computer.
it was hard arrived at the first town for author.
this website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on.
whether or not something is to be torn from the access of the public is left up to the opinions of the general public themselves.
i have read a book that people have wanted to ban and it was one of the best books i have read.
he escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party.
i know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored.
as you have seen in the media lately, many people are trying to get the book removed from schools.
that is what i think the mood of the memoir is and why.
secondly, all the music that are good and bad will be taken off the self.
you learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town.
toward the beginning of the story the author sounds discouraged and upset that she failed her test.
from what the author says, times at home financially have been tough, but because they had such a loving family, everything was alright.
the author concludes the story with that particular paragraph for a number of reasons.
so the more information we take off of the shelves, the less we will have in the future to help us will our problems.
it overtones the point in the story, which is to not give up and the will to survive.
it shows that she is persistent, determined, and strong willed.
the author talks about how thankful he is for his parents love and sacrifice.
this awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships.
the features in the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
if one person feel the book was offensive to them then they would take it off the shelves.
dear newspaper, computers benefit society because they teach people.
he delivers parcels and money orders, etc.
i think if people understand what the book talks about and if it does not bother them, then they are old enough for it.
books are pieces of art.
i disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect.
this means that the parents will have a much harder time finding jobs in , and they might not get the pay they deserve.
people have feelings, if there going be hurt by something we should enjoy then take them off the shelves.
finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online.
another topic most people argue about is books about sex or drugs.
it shows that there is still possibility that she can get on with her life.
children should be outside getting bigger muscle, getting strong bones.
the setting seems to start worrying the cyclist two miles after he said that he could make the next miles easily.
this quote shows that he just beginning to run of of water.
their loads from place to place.
there are many reasons why we should could keep computers but here are some, interact with people, learn about other places and learn about family.
nine out of ten people say that since they started going on the computer a lot, they have not gone outside or exercised in a while.
when i was in seventh grade we took a field trip to the city library.
there is nothing we can do about the expanding cultures in our country.
so have an adult section and a kids section.
computers can take you around the world without leaving your room.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
this quote shows how he was given love by his family and friends through these celebrations.
also because of the heat he could have dehydration of heat strokes.
in my opinion no book should be censored from the library.
the cyclist thought for sure that he was going to die out there.
we choose that life style for our children so we cant really blame the music and the movies.
also there is the question of, what is offensive?
adults mostly use them for business.
the computer makes us use these muscles so we can live happily.
although equal rights and freedom in necessary, schoolwork is too important to let kids get distracted from .
why do we have books out there that are viewed as offensive?
but is also more listening to the radio online.
not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends.
these dangers effect every user and their families.
generations, one after the other, have enjoyed them.
i even seen on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady.
people get addicted to the computer.
they do not understand that what they do not be a good thing.
just doing these things will help your health, energy and your mind.
lastly, i think that the computer offers no physical gain, this nation is in a severe heath crisis.
his still in a good mood when he comes to the first town.
they do not have limbs.
do you think books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke on a gorgeous day this is an example of how he lost courage.
during this decade many sports games have come out for the computer.
he said, i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
so i do not agree with censorship in libraries.
when i go on the computer, i might need to research something that i have interest in.
i thought everyone was treated by equal rights.
he stays on the farm till the evening.
many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends is one big factor.
nowadays, children can look on the shelves of libraries and find any type of reading you can imagine.
when people come and search for a book to read, they search for what they think they will enjoy.
if all these books were to be taken off the shelves then nobody would be learning about any of this.
censorship in libraries is one of our biggest issues.
but on the other hand some people do spend to much time on the computer.
for example, the cyclist was losing energy and had to keep pushing.
your choices are endless!
the library wants to target all aspects of people.
so when she finally got home to her mother, she showed the flower to her.
the world is just a click away!
i do agree that books with bad language should never be on the shelf to where a kid can grab it.
first, the lack of water took a tole on the amount of energy he had to keep going.
like unless it fell from a book case and was laying on the floor.
obesity is a rising issue in and kids need to exercise.
people are concerned.
the library would be the most trustworthy documentation of facts about this topic.
the public suffers and their own work also suffers.
he is not a rich man.
we would go there and mainly go to the kids section.
you simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply.
they are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side.
he was lucky to find a fish camp in the middle of nowhere and to have found water.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offending to certain people.
i believe that there should never be a piece of literature completely banned from public eye.
they are in dirty clothes.
i will fly around blue oceans and beautiful mountains.
everybody had their favorite movie, song, or book when they were younger.
to conclude, computers have a positive effect on people.
i feel that a person will see what they want to see and what they want to read, fact of the matter is they have the right to.
we learn from seeing what you guys do.
days you can talk through the with a person in without needing to go to .
the computer has anything for anyone.
we must look kindly upon the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer.
the setting does do a wonderful job of describing his sense of helplessness.
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
of complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house.
this essay proposed solutions to this problem without taking the public reading right away from everyone
just buy the game install it and then play.
a second way the setting affects the rider is the fact that nothing is around him.
war passes, peace succeeds.
it was a beautiful place.
well, if you have a computer you can have an online.
there are many reasons why i and you should think, this.
to late it already has.
sometimes people have sloppy handwriting.
it is quicker easier and that is why of finish their taxes online.
get out your chair, turn off the computer get up.
but you must control what you do on them and how much you use them.
the mood the author created in the memoir is a roller coaster.
they might as well get ahead start on it now.
nobody forces anybody to comply to the recommendations, but hopefully everyone does so on their honor.
in the story the cyclist comes upon a large snake.
lastly what is so bad about having a computer?
the only way i would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts are not right.
i have relatives in that i only get to see once a year.
so that would make then miss out on going to the library for books.
another example how this is so much easier is now computers help you with school work.
out of house hold have computers, or of does.
should they be removed?
they are extremely dangerous for our health.
this helped her learn to type.
when you use a computer you can read articles about the place and also get pictures and use them in a slideshow or photo story.
trying to act better than every cause your to high class to read something like that.
these computers provide access to games helpful in training.
censorship is not only wrong, its unnecessary.
the setting affected the cyclist a lot in this essay.
now you even just simply get in bed turn on your lap top and take college classes right on your computer!
with out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy.
sitting on front of a screen can your health and also.
, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision.
the classrooms are large.
computers make people spend a lot time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time.
i believe that computers can be a bad thing.
millions of parents and kids spend at least minutes a day on the computer.
maybe a great song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh.
students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and lastly focus more on their grades in school.
my sister went to the kitchen and tried to some work.
like in the movie they are beating up and killing people just because they are colored.
all we know is, when the snow melts, and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take the test again.
no one is taking to reading as a way to relieve boredom, they are just sitting on the couch watching television.
have you ever wondered if the information on a website is completely accurate and true?
i think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things.
these things that people find to be offensive are harsh and cruel things to show our young readers, writers, and musicians.
thank you for your time.
instead of carrying a text book, you can just use a megabyte book on the internet.
we just need to find it again.
dear newspaper, people are spending way too much time on the computer and it is not right.
their simple house was the best place for them to be together as a family.
he also misbehaves in school constantly.
we as people need knowledge.
my other reason was nature.
by concluding the story in that way it helps demonstrate the hope the hibiscus plant brought to her after she failed her drivers test.
when the terrain began to change, he writes, sometimes life can feel so cruel, he grows despairing as he faces new terrain with so little water.
finally, it helps your school work.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is to hot.
what is your choice to this difficult question?
now what are you going to do with your life?
a big thing with this is race and culture.
finally, i believe movies should be uncensored.
reading that book should let you see how that child grew up.
he also sells seasonal fruits like mangoes.
i have even read excellent books that offend me.
just because i or any one else finds them offensive
you can go to the or to the aquarium.
the author is explaining that he had family friends over to his house to eat almost every night.
this affects the cyclist to think about water and not bothering to think about where he is at he could be lost.
instead of searching for a word in a big dictionary they can use an online dictionary and just have to type in the word.
should be removed from the shelves.
she would try her hardest to make smart moves, and make it to a town, as fast as possible.
even though this be true there are other way you can do this.
its not only kids either that are affected, adults also are affected by the media.
so when he got to the old pump hot dirty water came out.
and with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further.
people who use the computer all day every day, end becoming very lazy, because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer.
if someone is to write and publish a book then someone will want to read it.
some enjoy things that others not.
people face obstacles all the time.
those are the reasons i thought the mood set by the author was happiness.
some books can have violent language and actions in the book.
people did not believe that he was born in .
you would hardly ever get bored!
so it all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it.
the reason why i choose yes and no is because some books are helpful to others for there class and their research for whatever class they need it for.
then after thinking he noticed that he had listened to some old folks that had never even been off their porch.
that is one of the beauties of being an citizen: freedom of speech.
when your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard.
that can tell you where the uncensored parts are.
dear newspaper , , more and more people in our proud and courageous country of have been.
here are some points to consider.
also some people have bad hand writing.
from scientific data about human anatomy to dragons and vampires.
computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place.
or they could even use the internet to go to that school website and find the homework and print it out.
see these things you can go on the computer.
book censorship limits knowledge.
do not remove the books from the shelf only because it is offensive to one person.
this all happened because he listened to the old guys.
this is not unexpected considering it is a memoir however there were few statement facts and everything was personal experience.
look at a photograph of the earth taken by a satellite from space.
we should invest money in business only if we have experience in the business.
adults know what is right from wrong than what children do.
with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project!
in fact, i believe that doing so would create more problems for people.
we should have milk every day.
at the end he is looking back at his life as a little kid and how he has improved his life.
the person was going to a place far away with out any food or water for miles.
the stories are obviously important to the author and important to the readers that enjoy their books.
while you like a book, i find it offensive.
sad because is hard to leave something behind.
with the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence.
he has failed in the eight class three times.
a final feature of the setting that affected the cyclist was the temperature.
because the materials some times harm the child or maybe even put the child in the hospital.
a sense of security with friends families and neighbors.
we see street hawkers every day.
give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people.
while some works have offensive language, they also have a deeper meaning.
not just to him but to almost anybody.
as you can see, computers can help students with projects, etc.
whenever i look in magazines i just skip all of that nonsense they talk about and read the articles about clothes, food, and people.
when you can talk to people from around the world.
this way information is never censored completely.
i can only hope that if i ever become a cyclist, i never have to endure this kind of situation.
i achieved a lot of knowledge by reading various books and newspapers.
is what happens to people who have grown up among censorship; they have very little reason.
the author shows sacrifice by showing what the parents had to give up in order for their child to have a better life.
to whomever this concern, , almost everyone has them.
in paragraph it says how the teachings have stuck with him his whole life and how import family and his friends were to him which creates a warm setting.
the government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in hope that it would make for a happier society.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience.
moving from place to place was very hard and sad thing to do for me.
this is an example of how censorship works.
it is the most efficient way to talk to friends.
so i want you to think about some effects about computers and your opinions about computers and compare them to my opinions?
the issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy?
sure, there are some books that children should not be allowed to see due to offensive material; but why remove them completely?
i believe that this new technology is effecting our daily exercising, playing outside to enjoy nature and interacting with friends and family.
but many people are abusing the and not when to get off.
how would you video chat with someone without or ?
the first books material is very well written and have offensive material in it here and there.
one feature is the desert he is biking through.
the weather can always be found on time web for any in the world.
even though people use their computers too much, the tasks they complete help our world run smoothly.
obviously, the later of the is much more reasonable.
not something that you are going to want to explain to your child.
i think that if maybe it is a inappropriate book from someone in grade school to read then it should be in the high school or a public library.
the trip would not have been as dangerous for the cyclist if the climate was different.
if you do, a computer will solve your problem of communication.
for example, you can go on websites that teach you all kinds of things like math.
first off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you.
high are filled with pregnant teens.
i believe computers are good thing, but only if they are used properly.
when the hibiscus is budding then she will attempt the test again.
spring is the sign of life and birth or renewal.
you would not be too happy about it.
it helps people to learn about others and information about them.
his parents thought that if they get through the bad time they will enjoy the good times to come and for that he always thanked them.
the computers are children from a better education.
the cyclist had trouble finding water he needed, and thought he might die of heatstroke in the conditions.
i know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball.
the people who spent most of their time on the computer are the people who are addicted.
not everyone is going to like the same things or be interested in all the same movies or books.
when he came to a pump, it was rusty with tar oozing out followed by hot brackish water flavored like battery acid.
when your at a young age, anything can happen, while your on the computer, even worse things can happen.
they relax and entertain themselves in their own way.
the computer aids the user with vast information on every subject or topic that be brought up in a class room.
this poses a problem because it is very dry and hot.
you can choose whether you want that censorship or not.
some people were standing all around.
there was also a lot of life at his house.
some mystery books have parts in them that be offensive.
if so you must enjoy it.
i am going to tell you how they are wrong.
this is reality and there is nothing that we can do about it.
feature is the heat.
certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain.
parents have the authority to monitor what their child involves himself or herself in.
i think they are important and needed.
censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions.
i was thinking to myself that oh well i am young and i will eventually learn in the long run from what is good and what is bad
in conclusion this is the mood the author is giving.
the railway station is the place where people wait for
there are a lot of uses for a computer and one of them is learning.
computers are helping schools teach students.
the possess of issuing the tickets restarted.
shes trying to make her daughter feel better.
the ending is a cliff hanger to show that her story has not yet completely ended.
the reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online.
censorship is the same thing that did to prevent people to think for themselves and discover that his tactics were a great evil to society.
do you think your job would be harder.
some experts are concerned that people are using too much time on the computers.
the youth of is portrayed in mostly a negative light.
everyone is different and this causes the interests of each person to be different, also.
having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes.
if everything that was found offensive to certain people was taken off of library shelves, there would be nothing left
computer supply so much more then just entertainment.
however, the affect later came negative because it turned out to be a shortcut that never existed.
in this article the author kind of gave a both happy and proud mood.
secondly, computers help us complete our daily work.
they be offensive but they teach us many things.
every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get.
well in conclusion i agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family.
if the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution.
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad.
its the best way for people to learn what life is really like.
and that is my view on this subject.
one they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house.
whoever thought that learning would be fun?
that is how the setting affect the cyclist.
when you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence.
we found that we both have accounts and keep in touch there!
it also lets people interact with others in a different way.
i think everything should be there.
years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to.
the author decides to end the story with the paragraph to show many things.
do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers?
dear editor of the , i heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and i just thought i would voice my opinion.
all you need is a support from your family.
computers are good and everyone should have one.
dear , you know someone who lives faraway from you?
so, turn off your computer get off your couch, and enjoy your life.
taking away these books will limit education.
it was the first time that i had visited such a nice place.
lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games.
then get up and enjoy nature.
that, at least, she could hold onto.
the hibiscus represents a comforting connection to her old country.
the kids what it, but there is one book.
although it sounds silly, you wanted by you could send a message to anyone with a message box.
those are what i think are his moods and the reason for them.
thanks to internet, i have been able to keep in touch with them.
if the book is rated , you must be over the age of seventeen to read it.
human beings, like snowflakes, are very much alike in a unique way.
in the old days if you did not about something or someone, like a movie, you never find any info about them.
for people of all ages to obtain.
everyone has their own opinion, and what might seem offensive to you, be something that someone might want to know about.
all we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen.
games teach us the team spirit.
censorship can be a very good thing.
it is filled with facts, beliefs, theories, and opinions of people.
so are you going to let technology pass you by?
violence can be created through anything, and i feel that offensive books should be the last thing added to that.
if someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts maintained inside of the text; the book must be stripped from the public.
for example: computers help us learn about almost anything quickly and easily.
also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games bored, and work.
my first reason, is that important people around the world used computers to have a better future on life.
he explained flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
a student write a research paper on the effects a certain drug has on an individual.
when in the desert one must keep cool or perish.
they should be able to go in a place and buy something that they want to watch and not get questioned about it.
your family is important so you need to spend time with them.
what do you consider an offensive book?
in the example i used in the paragraph above, that actually happened to me.
she then buys the plant with the little money she has because it reminds her of her homeland and childhood.
the setting in the essay rough road ahead makes the bikers travel a very difficult challenge that he has to overcome.
but then, they would have no books left on the book shelf for any of them to read.
freedom of press is a right not many countries have.
also, people use computers for work and jobs.
these are ways how computers do benefit our society.
we as a planet need to turn to , the only good thing.
as the author observes in paragraph , wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, i could drop from heatstroke.
censoring in libraries is also a pointless and non effective method.
not only did his parents love him; they quit their jobs and moved across the world just so they could give their son a better life.
this shows that almost half of the students at just the middle school are on the computer.
whenever i see them, i wish if i were a bird and i could also fly like them.
now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but not least made me and yours life better.
one parent thinks is bad, another not.
it was great because it was right on the computer.
next, there could be a totally separate building for the offensive material.
when i was young, i visited my cousin .
which is good because you can use them at your own convince.
they could be offensive to some but to others only educational.
while doing this he and saves my parents money.
first, the heat was the main part of nature that threw him off.
at the end she realizes if she just has faith everything will be and it will be just like home.
as for music, it can go both ways.
when it’s time to get a job, having done sports could be an added qualification.
i honestly think all they all should be put in different sections of the library by age.
every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain.
he felt like the world was against him.
there are too many children that have access to inappropriate materials at the library, but some of it could be useful.
for me i think it is.
the parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item.
i feel that a library can have any kind of book stating any kind of material.
small things like such as language should not cause the material to be taken off of shelves where people who appreciate it cannot obtain it.
have you seen the banned book list lately?
i would rather watch a funny movie then a kid movie.
this kind of stuff gets our attention, and makes us interested.
mood the memoir sets is a warm mood.
getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching.
yes you can look us the green spotted tree from on the internet, but its nothing like in nature and is real life.
removing the books from libraries entirely could also interfere with research or school projects children have to work on for class.
i feel that the magazines are a waste of time because they hurt peoples feelings, also its offensive the way that some famous people act.
dear local newspaper, i see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, i on the other hand strongly disagree with them.
why pay too much money for spending much time in the computer, when you can turn off the computer and spend some time with your friends.
i hope you agree with me.
books are sorted according to what appeals to what age.
people know their limits and if they know the contents then they should stay away.
the way that he describes his parents hard work and love is incredible.
they have the right to ban it from themselves, but it is up to each individual whether or not it is banned for everyone.
remember computers are easy to use, you can stay connected to friends and you can go to school on them.
that includes looking at the magazines with good looking men or women on them.
if you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying your eye lens.
some were reading newspapers.
go to the gym, a vacation without a computer.
there should also be an extra bonus at the festival time duty.
slowly as the terrain gets harder and harder the cyclist feels worse and worse.
computers have been the big difference when comparing to centuries.
they use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places.
i believe that since that is true for movies, it should also be true for books, magazines, and music.
he had many visitors.
so are businessman benefited by him.
exercise be important still, with a touch of a button i could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my whole life.
anybody is entitled to his or her own preference.
no matter who they were and who their friends were, we all are different.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she has a better state of mind because she found a flower that reminds her of homeland.
i went to the library and checked out a book on her and it said that a woman killed her actually.
however, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer.
the sad thing is, i did not know it before i did it.
i understand that children have to be exposed to some things in life.
their house is like a fish market.
but some things are not suitable for young kids and young adults.
i think computers can help in life, but not to be on for like eight hours.
i agree that for children there should warnings for material that parents find offensive.
was what met him there.
everyone has an opinion, and if we took out everything in this world that could offend someone we would be left with nothing.
people were throwing water on the fire.
overall, was happy about how his whole childhood when and it seemed like he loved every last minute of it.
it was a very good story.
it explains how the rough road, tumbleweeds, and large snake made it hard for the cyclist to keep his balance without water.
if you were going on a vacation to somewhere in you could learn about what those people do.
his caring and selflessness parents.
you can look & browse at things available in a store.
when we read a classic, we are in communication with a great mind and get a moral contentment.
this is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office.
quickly became addicted to (computer game) and began to cut down on her exercising routines.
that is why i believe that and what i thank about it
kids with internet access can look up almost anything on their home computers.
i would rather live life than be on a computer.
so for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
what happens if we all listen to another person that wishes to remove a book off the shelf?
being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun.
he got a bolt of strength just from seeing a building ahead.
the geese have left but will come back when the season is coming.
the author writes about how this small simple home was very special home to him and also how much it meant to him.
in the memoir, the mood created by the author is very understandable and true.
he thanks his parents repeatedly throughout the memoir for the love, caring, family, friends and selflessness they brought into his life.
time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride?
it is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers.
the features surrounding the cyclist effect him greatly.
everybody should have they own section for their age group.
this shows how special the house was to him.
the censorship should be used only to help the kids.
imagine how angry the parents of the child would be.
there are many books, movies, and music in the libraries.
therefore, my point is made.
lets say i was in the library and i did see something offensive.
the pavilions of delhi, rajasthan, karnataka, and uttar pradesh were very attractive.
this helps because people talking to other people online can beast there their morale.
its quick easy and it works.
then he left then a stone went his throat.
so when these kids see the movie stars they envy and video games they enjoy harming other people they will pick up on the violence and do it themselves.
not only the students but teachers too.
as for myself, i personally as a child was not allowed to view certain types of movies, books, or magazines.
would you learn better with a visual in front of you?
computers are very entertaining.
many references to home was made throughout the piece because home is a place of comfort and happiness.
books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
and if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
another person might read it and like it.
when he leaves the factory, he feels ???
finally, the temperature, whether it was hot or cold he cyclist was limited to water & being completely dehydrated was a huge caution for the cyclist.
one final feature that has on effect on the cyclist was the old abandoned factory.
they are even now using computers to sell illegal drugs.
there just a lot of thing you can do on a computer.
the whole house was reduced to ashes.
one example was in paragraph .
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
sometimes he carries heavy loads on his back.
dear , i am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on computer use.
technology was made to make things easier do we should take advantage of it.
people rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people.
overall computers are useful.
the internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly.
but magazines are different, they show like the styles, and life stories of others.
there are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do.
the time it takes an author to write a book, is very long.
just like the author is going back to drivers ed.
of have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer.
so then there would be no books left.
he should attend school regularly.
whether or not if your talking about music, movies, or books, its all the same.
for example, the setting has no thing for miles.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he has to use more energy to pedal up hills and through rocky terrain.
secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world.
any time my friends and i have a question about anything anything that happened that day.
computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job.
in addition, computers also let people learn about faraway places about different cultures and different people.
websites like and are most commonly used.
i live in karol bagh.
this thought process is immoral.
freedom of speech is a law and should be followed.
books could be a way people escape the real world.
he will play on these websites for hours.
i think that one has there on taste in music.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed.
some readers could strongly disagree with a book and others could recommend it to all of their friends and family.
typing is used everywhere, even in math class my teacher types up things and pits them on the .
this is why the computer supports our society.
also, when he says, the ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement.
if you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book.
as one can see, the censorship of books and movies is not entitled to a personal opinion.
no wonder schools have computer classes.
overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life.
now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests.
but most importantly, you can learn so much!
computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation.
they are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another.
dear local newspaper, a place where they are all on computers all day long, everyday.
my third reason for thinking computers have a good impact on people is that without them factories would crash.
( ) in that he also says how he got his culinary skills from his parents and that he was grateful for it.
either way if you decide to take all the music and censor it out or if you do the same things to all the books and movies, etc.
do you want a bad grades?
should censorship be used on library books?
this function keeps kids in touch and active.
now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room.
authors often end stories with paragraph that make readers wonder what happens next.
i will tell you, you would lose customers.
he had no negative comment about his parents or the way he grew up.
online, you can go on any website and talk to people.
when people start going on the computers they stop doing a lot of things.
using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world.
it keeps us healthy.
people can use computers for almost everything for one their are hundred of websites on the computer.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
he used to be forgetting to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has all of it.
of course you come across a book that be offensive to someone, maybe even yourself, but it is there for a reason.
there are extremes to pieces of media where one sometimes must ask, ' were they thinking when they made that?'
some books are good some are bad.
setting was the main factor in deciding upon the cyclists physical and mental state.
many business rely on the work of computers entirely.
plus, it would help the kid in deciding on what to read.
they did not blame the library.
why would they be up there in the first place what is this world coming to.
can save a lot of people hurt or embarrassment.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
people use computers everyday.
you can find history on almost everything from the past to the present.
then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price.
he passes a water pump (just what he needs), yet the water is something close to toxic.
this the mood of family.
this kept us active and enjoy the environment.
i urge you to go out and meet new people and not on the internet.
they started it off with the seemingly small act of censoring books.
i would not like that.
this memoir gives me a sort of cozy and comfortable feeling.
these are the reasons i chose both and love for the moods created by the author based on the excerpt.
the setting of the cyclist clearly influences his mood.
in conclusion, there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials.
censoring destroys books and the learning curriculum of multiple students.
why is this magazine in the library with risky pictures?
if you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on .
memories are shared thanks to the social networking ability of the computer.
finally, the computer is an important resource because you can chat with your friends.
if it is a bad day then they will not want to but probably will.
computers have made our generation very intelligent.
before this terrain change the rider is very positive and thinks he can do this easily.
also, you could give him a time limit on too.
first of all, going on the internet and search sites help you learn and find information on anything you want.
then the conditions become hot, dreadful, and maybe sticky.
but computers see it a different way.
the conclusion sentence of winter hibiscus is one of realization of opportunity with spring beginning.
any item you read or listen to will have a word, sentence, or meaning that will offend a person in some way.
these life of can also become dangerous.
an extremely important and helpful aspect of the internet is the ability of purchasing and ordering items online.
it is only because the farmer works so hard that we get our food so easily.
another part of the setting that effected the cyclist was when he arrived at the juice factory and it was closed which depressed him.
after the sun sets he returns home.
it is necessary for our society to have computers.
google is the number one searching website we have.
no one can base censorship on one belief or idea, because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of.
seems like everything went wrong for this man but he still made it.
the first reason why libraries should not be censored is so they will not lose business.
you should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about.
should them type of things but in the with children?
if the choice is left to them that material might not be available to the reader that needs it.
just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place.
that leads us to the next big topic, health.
i think think the better can your health.
this shows that the cyclist is getting tired and seeing tumbleweeds, which usually represents a phase being completely deserted and deadly snakes that get in his way.
you need to be healthy and most of all active.
there was a big snake in the road.
magazines tend to go one way or the other.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people.
without all the useful information i found on the computer.
a third reason is that they end up offending some people by removing a book.
if there are materials that adults do not want their children to see, they not be comfortable having their child there.
in libraries, there are of course books.
the reader should be prompted on what books they read before doing so.
dear , computers have really made an impact on society.
if we can do that our world would be a much better place
dear newspaper, i think computers are good for you because talk online, teach hand eye coordination, and other stuff too.
what if i was to say offensive books?
but, online learning sessions can be time consuming.
a sloppy writer can use the computer to make his or her paper neat.
she came home to her mother with a plant and disappoint her mother with the cost but she understands the pain.
are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the ?
might take a while, but over time people get the hang.
then, kids start doing that on writing in school and most even know it.
they always had more then people at the dinner table and always more then people staying at their house.
computers have documents and it is the best way to type.
in paragraph he describes his home growing up in great that makes it feel almost like you are there.
with computers kids are rarely going outside.
there are many books that are offensive to people.
that goes for movies, music, magazines, books and more.
with a cellphone you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every month.
emailing is used for many things.
if there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online.
but how does the computer?
could use it for chatting online.
it is also to teach the reader to have hope and patience and the knowledge that things take time.
even the covers of some should be removed for the good of the public.
those are just some of the many reasons why computer help .
well, if you really think about it computers help you.
my third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
now they are putting those same books in libraries.
imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer.
i agree reading helps our youth learn and excel in schooling, but offensive books and magazines put nasty ideas into their minds and distort their way of thinking.
while traveling starts to run out of water and then he thinks he is going to die out in the desert.
all the teachers like him and praise him for his work.
take out the offensive things, or just put them in different sections
not only can we use computers to make contact with our families,but we can also use them to speak with our teachers.
two, computers allow people talk online.
they might think some things are offensive while other take it as a normal thing.
computers make people happy and that makes for a better society because it is happier.
on the internet the family could find the numbers, the and some information about it.
video chat is a great way to make new friends and still talk with your old friends.
the internet is a best cache of information.
if you need information, talk to someone, or buy something its got it.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
she wants to be able to handle the loss better.
was one of the top picked books by high school students.
thanks to computers, the process of reconnecting is much easier.
have you ever noticed how are crime rate and drug rate has went up in the past few years?
instantly when opening the door i hear to people having a heated conversation about the painting they had hanging on the back wall, in the adult section.
how could they talk in front of the teacher!
many times i have seen people blatantly have a tantrum over an offensive literary work.
thirdly he became so overheated that it was possible for him to suffer a heat stroke in the middle of nowhere.
you think the author needed to address a certain point more than he or she did.
if were to refrain from listening when being spoken to, it would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker.
also the heat contributed plenty and it was there the whole time.
you are able to interact with people by meeting them online and then them on public.
which is funny how those books are the only books that were fun to read during the school year.
what i mean about that is that he loves and cherish his mom and dad for what they did for him.
it is called 'i must be emo'.
there are many reasons why and i will explain this to you.
turns out, the summary of the story on the back is actually about college kids partying and participating in illegal activities.
i for one completely agree with this quote.
books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones.
i can understand censorship to an extent, but taking books out of a public libraries makes it hard to chose where to draw the line.
websites such as and are also causes of this.
i think the mood that is created by the author in this memoir is cheerful and welcoming.
and and are fine for any age group.
i was surprised to see the activities people throughout the day.
spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers.
if they do not like what they see, then put it down.
we had comfortable seats near the windows.
it is all about what you as a reader is comfortable with.
now please read on for my second reason.
well i personally do not go to a library but many others do.
the towns the old people mentions are now ghost towns, and are no help to the author.
the scenery created a sense of hopeless because it was abandoned.
they sit there like lumps.
people or not agree with this, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough.
the plant is not in its native home, faces many difficulties; the cold its small pot, and even its general surrounding.
the driver was badly hurt.
when parents read these things today they feel these items are inappropriate versus when they were teenagers they felt it was appropriate.
all in all, there is no need to remove materials from a library because many people have different interests.
music is made for the enjoyment of the people.
instead of waiting for the reports to stop talking and , you can check instantly on one of the many news websites and still be early.
it can be a novel, .
lastly, they should enjoy life.
i think computer have shaped to what it is today.
so my answer for removing offensive things would have to be yes and no.
when she see this plant, he childhood comes back and she forgets her test.
people use books to forget their troubles and take a trip to somewhere outside of themselves.
with this program you will never forget where you have to go.
our children are the most important things to us.
if there is foul play, they penalize it.
i talking to people.
she had no problem going off and complaining, i can remember her every word she said it sounded like this.
i believe that books that are found offensive should not be censored.
this can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends and the chance of losing your love with family.
we might not like it but the reward at the end is wonderful.
i read an article on the web page and on paragraph sec.
i can see how it could be hard, having to purchase these computers at prices as high as each.
people are different and believe in different things.
if we censored books that are found to be offensive, we would be violating this right.
i do not agree with this idea because people should have the right to express their self through art, literature, and even music.
people from all over came and be apart of the family and it was alright with them.
but any ways those are reasons why.
interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun.
i believe that materials such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves from children, if they are found offensive.
this paragraph is a very significant ending to the story because it represent s symbols in the story.
the plant also comforts her.
it connects her with her emotions and reminds her of the way are.
for example, scary movies could be very disturbing and too violent for a young child but they could be an adults favorite thing to watch.
by jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen.
not everyone likes the same books but every book in a library is there for a reason.
with the new year in offing, christmas sets in high spirits for the festive mood.
each of those people has a different belief.
they are my family too.
so people can see what the author has to say.
why is it so fun to just look at the computer screen?
he begins to have doubt in his mind about what the old men told him.
she wants her students to be tidy and well disciplined.
the things kids see they soon try out.
so i hope i have persuaded you to follow my advice and pull them over movies and books off the shelves for the safety of the children
to conclude i think computers are not good for us.
your friends might ask you to go to the park with them, and you say no.
i do agree that books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves.
he wears a white uniform to school.
these subconsciously affect the cyclist and his growth of thirst.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because if is very hot and is summertime.
new times & the wall street have moved their news mainly to the internet allowing people across the to see them.
having an endless source of information in your own home.
this shows his happiness for his parents risking their lives for him to have a better life.
i know your thinking to yourself.
the increase in population is due to the fall in death rate.
it was six in the evening and cold winds were blowing strongly outside.
his father is very kind and religious.
when she is ready she will take the test, is what is being said.
in my opinion children should be able to read what ever they like and by doing that they can teach themselves many things.
i get on the internet but not for video games.
i spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project.
it is our moral duty to help all those who are needy and helpless.
they allow people to pay taxes online and type papers.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
when i was a little girl i remember going to the often with my mother to pick out books for school.
because he listened to same old men he went without water for most of his trip.
throughout the memoir, the author constantly creates a comforting, grateful, and happy mood.
some are more difficult than others and will have a greater impact on your life.
with the billions of citizens we have in alone, each individual is bound to find some flaw in a certain book.
the mood is very warm and welcoming.
he wears khaki uniform.
some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries.
if people were to have these currently illegal drugs for their use, being completely legal, chances are that the success of drug marketing will plummet.
there are many to choose from like videos, movies, , , games anything that is suitable for the user or users of the computer.
other people might want to read or watch the material that some people get offended by.
people spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends.
if television was censored then people would not know to do in a bad situation because they have never experienced or seen of it before.
in some cases books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
music is probably the hardest to figure out, of these censored things i have spoken of today.
it is a place to learn about how a writer, a movie director, a music artist, or magazine editor feels about the world.
i felt a little giddy.
the features of the setting really affected the cyclist.
computers hurt society more than it helps.
the mood the author created in the memoir is love.
a post office is a very important place.
however some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and.
computers are bad for most people.
in the evening, i play cricket in the park with my friends.
of the surveyed at the agree computers are helpful to us.
all of them are about people who do drugs, are suicidal, and do sexual related things.
some people think that kind of thing is funny, but to others it bother them.
there is more than just books at the public library, there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the .
people should be able to watch what movies they want.
this is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations.
what would most people do without a computer?
that is why i see computers as a positively amazing thing.
those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters.
especially the juice factory as the author is currently very dehydrated and losing all hope.
a book not read as well never have been written.
for example, in everyone eats seafood.
offending things in books well the author probably has a reason for it.
there is a big difference between choosing not to look or listen to something than being told you cannot look at something.
our teacher also encourage us to use computers.
it should not matter what other people think.
my first topic, why i think there are good effects on the computer is we can do work by ourselves with no ones help.
please help try and help us stop this!
i would say he puts a kind of grateful mood in the excerpt.
third reason that it give people the ability to learn.
many experts believe that computers are taking away time with family and friends but with websites like it is actually adding time.
take rap music for example.
libraries are to help people with information, fun facts, and all around good resources.
if all those people are busy let them do their work they want for need to do.
why do we build schools and take much trouble to examine children in what they have learned?
they have forgotten a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
these are the ways that the author shows the mood in the memoir.
we each have our own specific reasons for using them.
please take this info your next .
in , in my opinion i think computers have helped our society over the years, but other people think differently.
they need to go out and enjoy nature.
the setting of the road affected the cyclist in many different ways.
then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements.
i think the advances in technology is a good thing.
well if you think it is negative i am going to show you why it is actually very positive.
finally they spend less and less time with their family and being active.
the author made the relationship very close from everywhere.
libraries always have some type of organization.
perhaps we will find nature more interesting.
and just when you think you find something everyone likes, someone will come along and disturb the peace.
i know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair.
also in my opinion the news from the internet is visually less condensed than on .
or after the two lovers share a special bond that should be kept private?
he is always grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
first of all, after leaving the campground with directions from the older gentlemen, he enters an area that is greatly isolated.
they should tell you what type of stuff is in there before you go in.
he is my class fellow.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies etc.
it is just something that we will have to deal with.
you are sort of in a way trying to hide away reality when taking away certain books.
so, do we remove these things or let them stay?
movies and music have rating and kids can not check out offensive materials.
hard works are of great quality.
i thought that the internet had just my mom better than i could that we should go on vacation.
to were no little kids can rent the book.
another reason that the internet is helpful is for jobs.
without this technology where would we be?
one of the much enjoyed pieces of technology.
the second thing it does is dreams about future conclusions.
there is no such thing as bad .
computers can basically be called a gateway to learning.
first, when the cyclist sees the grape juice factory, he is reminded that he is out of water and is doubtful about even living.
when it comes to someone thinking that a movie or book has gone to far with their race then censorship gets thrown around.
another example can be a book.
he gets to live a happy life in their new home, with their new friends.
with your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover play outside.
anybody who is a of a company has a laptop.
these books are written to target emotions in the reader that spark excitement and humor, horror and empathy among many others.
computers let you travel the world without taking a step.
not everyone agrees with that.
by reading this memoir one almost feels like they are at his house, surrounded by his friends and family.
our teacher stresses the importance of practicing at home to get your typing speed a little higher.
a child should be able to know the life around them before they grow up and are completely lost.
he does it with love, another mood in the article.
you can tell if a certain section or material is crossing the line.
in conclusion, if you find a movie, song, book, article, or magazine that is offensive to you, get over it.
every day you learn something new!
bring back the feelings of what the library brought to you when you were a child.
everybody will be projected to offensive material sometime in their life, so their is no real reason to censor materials.
there is a difference between having books that educate children about other cultures, and those that educate them about sex and explicit material.
students use it to show what work they have to do when the teachers not there.
computer have started to make kids obese.
some of the movies that a kid can get at a library has the actors doing illegal things in it.
we need knowledge to make the most out of it.
in the essay, each of these features were spoke of and they all affected the cyclist in a negative way.
the situations in this novel are ones that could be real.
lastly, there are always animals that need help.
dear local , i think that computers are good for people to have.
this sight was troubling .
let them find out about stuff when they ask a question.
the was just think his dad was.
but he is mostly grateful for his parents turning his house into a home.
it will be the best choice you ever make.
the author has a sort of negative, sarcastic tone at this point.
the answer is of coarse it can, but because people will be people.
they can even monitor what your typing, which could be passwords!
i strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library.
the author makes every little sentence sound like you actually lived there & or were there at some point.
you just sit there staring at a screen.
you can chat with almost anyone on the internet.
on the computer, it is possible to type out words and not have to get out on eraser for an spelling mistakes.
first, lets talk about obesity.
you have an opportunity to learn about things you like.
even adults listen to this stuff and watch all of this stuff.
do you think computers have a negative effect on people?
these conditions made it hard on the biker because he knew if he dropped from dehydration, no one would be around to save him.
he builds castles of sand and feels very happy.
the library holds books of past and current writers.
the cyclist was so desperate for water that he had to put pebbles into his mouth.
the setting affects the cyclist because it is hot, therefore he gets thirsty.
never once did he imagine what he had gotten himself into.
they start to eat their feelings because of how lonely they are.
i support advances in technology because in the future.
they just need to have learning and for fun magazines.
libraries offer a large range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and find entertainment.
students need to use that certain information in a classroom.
then at last he goes to a fishing store and so he gets water and his spirits go way up.
take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside.
also, parents, instead of having an entire library censored, censor what children get from libraries.
next time you see a person who thinks computers give negative effects to people, tell the advantages of the computers and how it benefits society around you.
we cannot even describe what is lost, for the knowledge has vanished.
libraries are usually pretty good at sorting things.
are we going to take those books out to.
with him thinking about this it made him forget about the heat.
in other words, the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
the computer can also help with business.
i am a student here at , and it has come to attention that the is thinking about taking books they find offensive out of the library.
most authors are smarter then that, or at least i would hope so.
last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it.
riding his bike in the hilly, dry, hot desert the cyclist became tired and thirsty.
children and teens need to be protected from this major threat!
it would make everything far less dramatic.
certain materials in libraries should be removed.
so come and see why computers are a good choice to have and use.
so go, go, go, have yourself some fun.
our school, like all schools, has a prescribed uniform.
i talked to my mom and she said.
i love it when people are not afraid to be themselves.
i really hope you all take this into account you think about sitting at your computer!
the mood created by the author in the memoir is.
students stay off the streets and only cause trouble with siblings at home.
and it also makes you happy it makes you think about all the fun you and your family has together.
leaving the readers to formulate their own decisions about what they believe.
we realize what actions bring what reactions.
it is plenty of different reason people come to libraries.
here instead of the songs of birds, i heard the cries of hawkers and vehicles.
not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book, which is why i was so shocked when i heard about this strange news.
the modern bathroom had good, cold water.
on the other hand, a poor man with good health can enjoy his life.
he brought with him the love of cooking.
these facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world.
clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society.
the sense of gentleness stays throughout the whole memoir because is always saying the good things about his life, not the bad.
however, we can prevent it!
just look around you they show it in movies, they talk about it in books.
parents should try and remove all books that are offense to their children because that can have a real bad affect on them.
then, for his birthday his parents bought him a computer!
just because you think the music a person listens to is offensive does not mean they think the same.
positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use.
he was hot, sweaty and thirsty.
every one has such a great attitudes.
an you cant just take that off the shelf.
he make the story very personal with all the family members he explains.
if materials are censored how can anyone learn?
when people are on computers, they focus on whats on the computer and not about their surroundings.
they make him think he will die and overall make him worried.
use you mouth not your hand.
taking various books and items away from our libraries takes away from many peoples' knowledge of our world.
computers are robots they do lots for us.
as humans we are given certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is the freedom of press.
water clock and sand clock were invented to measure time.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
an example of would be for a sixteen year old boy.
the geese leave for the.
another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive.
once when i was reading a paper on that was making fun of my town that i grew up in.
it is bad to do drugs because it can ruin you whole career in high school and maybe in college.
the first and most obvious is the temperature, it is hot, therefore the rider is hot and becoming dehydrated making him thirsty.
if the contents of the book, movie, magazine, and the music are not true and can be found offensive then sure that should be censored.
but how do you know if people are who they seem to be?
that is just a few out of the hundreds of different things there is to do.
why would you look at something that offends you?
the computer to most people i know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones.
like not letting us dive are cars for stuff.
of teenagers say they talk to other peers using , , or .
a computer can really the of your life.
the content in libraries, offensive or not, should not be removed.
people will spend less time staying active.
would they just be able to take it off the shelf
books, music, and movies today talk a lot about sexual intercourse, illegal drugs, and criminal involvement.
people are becoming more and more lazy these days.
the terrain is harder the chances of his survival lessons.
nowadays everyone uses the computer as their main form of communication.
if he was in a different setting this felling of despair would not be in the story.
in conclusion, the reasons i feel this why are because people need to exercise more, and interact with family and friends.
i think that we should have computers.
so then were left with nothing.
this can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work.
not even curse words.
as an , one has the freedom of speech, and this applies to media as well.
make us feel like we have to go out and try it.
computer also allow you to check the news and weather.
but after some time the order becomes a part of our nature.
some things be considered inappropriate as many things are, but at the same time each person has their own limits to this.
there are many coordination games on the internet, like pinball of , that help build that up.
the author ends the story with the given paragraph to get across.
that is why the author decided to end the story with that last paragraph.
you can learn about where and how the person lives.
computers benefit the people of society in every possible way.
this was one of the most popular places in the .
computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!
whether it be children, teens, adults, or elders, some things are inappropriate and should not be accessible to certain people.
the choice for what book the child reads should be between the parent and the child.
you can use it to find info.
people can be discovering many great wonders.
what if you were looking for a new home?
they might not want to get away from the computer.
you have to type them too.
she respected the fact that others enjoyed reading the books and just asked me to steer clear of them and to find something more appropriate for me to read.
i can just click on a button and the internet will bring me to hundreds of sites where i can learn all about the places i want to visit.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him thirsty and him thinking he is lost and going to die.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
they affected his confidence, his energy, and his determination.
well get up and go outside.
one feature is the hot weather and area he is in.
dear local newspaper, about what the world would be like without computers.
book is set in the during the time of slavery.
dear editors of the , morning, my sister wakes me up to go to school.
magazines can also be educational.
these things offend people every day.
computers have games for kids that help them learn, and, also, people learn new things, too.
it does not work like that.
he had to stop and into by the snake which showed him down and freaked him out.
censor them from your children, and do not get them censored from the whole world.
hope was because his family helped others by letting them temporarily stay with them until they got back on there feet which provided hope for the extended family.
people can now do things that we could never do before.
he presents the cheerful mood by focusing all the good things in his life with his parents in his house and neighborhood.
which can only lead to a promotion!
a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature.
that quote was said by , a former student of .
this is how the change of setting affected the cyclist.
or do you ever have time to go outside?
to remove a book from its natural and rightful place on a shelf is to set its words aflame.
if computers did everything for us would be mindless slugs quick.
the most important thing about the use of computers is your safety.
if the audience is mature enough to handle it, they should be able to watch it.
kids might even meet with some of the strangers they talked to online and get hurt!
in fact, many employers hire you based on your keyboarding skills, ones one is skilled enough they even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard.
to start off, it makes you spend less time with your family.
most of the questioning about a book is the language in it.
by censoring records of history, opinion, observations, our becomes an illusion.
some kids enjoy reading adult books.
our country has gotten smarter because of computers.
in the says that if eating meat causes his brother to stumble than he will not do so.
this is my third school yet on the day i joined it was very nervous.
race and origin are another problem with some people.
the heart of their home is the kitchen because they all love to cook.
computers supply an excellent source of communication that is even used throughout schools.
there are many types of music out in the real world.
everyday i spend at least our writing something up for school.
when i was a child i picked up on everything.
they also hold your information.
this was true history so there should be no restrictions to that sort of book.
as children,they might get the wrong idea in their head and say things that are not right.
also, some people are computer addicts who stay on computers almost twenty four seven.
millions of books were eradicated along with their owners all because of a religious difference.
when reading this story you can really tell that this family was happy.
the effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided.
if parents do not want their child to read something then just tell the teacher or child that they cannot read the book.
well many of us have.
second, they are creating a unsafe environment.
we meet new friends and chat online and never meet them and socialize, so that is one disadvantage of a computer.
they immigrated to to give their children a better life.
though i am not trying to benefit those whom seek the material, i think it would.
my second example is the effect of the computer.
the question is what effects do computers have on people?
there are lots of books that are at libraries around the world.
long distance calls cost money and it is not worth a call if you call every couple of days.
most kids should go out side more for example my friend spent hours a day!
now that their in , their garden and the plants in it remind them of that homeland, and how there life used to be.
as an author you provide a book to the public, if it gets that far.
the second reason that the mood of this memoir is thankfulness is that the author is thankful for his home.
this led to many bake sales and fund raisers.
the reason that the author had ended the story the way she did was to leave the reader on the last thought.
orange is also another palatable fruit.
i hope you agree with me also, and should think that computer technology is a good idea for everyday for lots of reasons.
also, the lack of people and civilization affected the author.
he mood is mostly proud and thankful throughout the whole story.
there is a lot of confusion then.
if little kids hear this kind of language they well be saying it when the are young.
she is willing to give the test another try and is sure to pass it.
these are the three reasons why i think the effects of the computer are bad.
the question is, is it a good idea for those books that are now being censored to be taken off the shelves?
remember its your own opinion about the book not everyone is different then you
i think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us.
another problem is side effects.
i hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society.
books teach us about what wrong and what is rite.
i think this law should actually be enforced instead of ignored.
emails are a great way to send information.
children all around the world find themselves wandering through the library every day.
exercising is much more better than being on a computer, and i say that to say this.
whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it.
after a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer.
it would be very helpful to so many people!
in the story about dehydration it says the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
but, do not take it upon yourself to remove that book from our library.
most families however, do have computers.
many things talked about in the books, are the same things talked about in the school hallways, what is the difference?
some people are becoming concerned about the materials in libraries.
books can be a magical place for children, as well as adults, to go and create their own world.
it would be a scary day if that happened.
they have two large white teeth known as tusks which they use for their protection.
dear , have come very far with technology.
although people might find the down sides to computers, they will always be able to think of a good side.
next day they changed the house and shifted to their son’s residence, in the nearby colony.
when walking into the library and children are finding books, movies and magazines they should not look at.
so, say you stumbled across a book about the in the library and you are a person from negro descent.
some others said it was a bridge created by god to connect
censoring books at a library is pointless, you take away options, and the experience to learn from certain books.
there is not much that can be helped with that.
no, i do not believe that libraries should censor anything.
if you wrote a book and people did this to you how would you feel.
so we would have our parents drop us off.
once it is gone, it will be forgotten.
furthermore, how would be able to even start a fire without how to light a match?
using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work at home, and do many other beneficial things for them and their families.
another problem with computers is how safe they are.
you tube in said to be a dangerous site for younger children.
whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding.
you have to think of others, and respect their view of it all as well.
books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
she can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers.
people also use computers for home work online.
the comfort with you family and to the mood of family.
the mood, to put it in general terms, is happy.
this strain only lead to unpleasant things.
computers solve problems that some people might not now about.
just want to make it fair for everyone since it is the public library of your town.
do you have a computer?
dear , i believe that computers do have a positive effect on people.
later on in the story, she takes the plant to her mother.
the sharp bitter melon and the hibiscus.
also in your everyday life.
they need to try and limit everything that is offensive, to try stop anybody from getting harmed
a good thing to you could be a bad thing to another, and what if that disappeared?
just picture it two girls, is mad at herself and at the world and hates a tape about angles.
computers are bad in someways but good in others.
no items should not be removed from shelves if they offend people but conditions should be enforced.
but, there is one problem.
this book was a fictional story taking place during the .
during the spring season, nature is at its best.
she provides us milk and bullocks for the agriculture work.
the computer is excellent.
i think that all computer have positive effects on people.
she was upset about leaving her home and she was upset about failing her test, but thanks to a flower, she got her confidence back.
there is so much to learn on a computer.
the computer can really amp up your social life.
as for me i am fine.
magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to be looking at and reading.
the offended groups should just ignore the book.
the vast amount of movies made today should not even be a thought in someones mind but some are good and educational.
you think that it is okay to let your child watch a movie rated , but little did you know, there is nudity in it.
so these are just some of the reasons i think computers could be bad.
reason three, your health is in jeopardy.
he will thank god through prayer for all his blessings.
as you can see there are many ways to learn from having computer.
lastly, i would like to express how i feel about offensive religious comments being found in libraries.
its a crying shame to see something so beautiful die, while most of us do nothing to help.
according to , economic , every hour you spend on the computer, you raise your electricity bill by .
some people like reading graphic novels or things like that.
if the reader does not like it and finds it offensive, then they should not read it.
is a very happy and grateful mood.
for example the rough road.
one of those countless hardships was the setting that he was in.
the features of the setting make the ride for the cyclist very hard.
because you want to get back to the computer.
computers could be people far away friends but how about instead call that friend on.
but he is not the only person with this issue.
do not get me wrong, these websites are fun and cool.
they have just started to be able to use the computers, so many times they go through a phase or addiction.
the things they find on the internet will be more controversial then the majority of books that are being censored.
if i want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again.
the slave trade is a major part in history that helped shape the country it is today.
a computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime.
they should jump at the chance if it comes to a point where they can change things for the better!
this is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry.
in the process of deciding what books are offensive and which are not offensive, all books will eventually be eliminated.
when working on the you get distracted.
one way the cyclist is affected is when they have to cross the hills and plains.
if its in a public library let it be read people and children shall be free to anything in the library unless other wise consented by a parent.
my mother is a teacher.
music that sends negative messages and contains a lot of cursing in the lyrics should be censored, in my opinion.
phones are just a tiny version of a computer.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy.
but sometimes computer are bad because when people go on web sites to chat peoples can be grown ups but talking to little kids.
that is why she is waiting till spring to try again.
dear editor i agree that people do spend to much time on their computers.
whether its playing games, checking , or even working, peoples' valuable time is getting used up.
when a person listens to music, or reads a book, that person could take something differently from how the writer intended it to be.
i also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades.
they really make us more intelligent!
the setting of rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist so many ways.
if we say stuff right out of the offensive book, we would get in severe trouble.
this is the most important reason of all.
the cyclist had to be thinking of the beautiful waters with his name written over them.
but i say different!
is there really one person who could make a such a choice for everyone?
everyone has their own favorite book or genre.
the temptations to read violent and vulgar books should be overcome.
through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers.
bulling happens everyday.
you can email each other or search thru up online, to try to get in contact with them.
other than the affects social sites and exercise has had because of computers, online gaming is also a big issue too.
eliminating material from the shelves would be unfair to people.
it is so the kids can expand there imagination as well.
all the bad books, music, magazines and movies no one really wants to read.
all of that set a very happy backdrop for the family.
find the positives in what it brings instead of looking down on it.
here are three reasons why, first would be that with advances in tech.
in , everyone eats spicy food.
the author concludes the story using that paragraph for a few reasons.
finally, computers can be useful for schools and work.
if libraries took any material that anyone found offensive in any way off the shelves, there would be no material left.
ramzan is a big religious festival.
there are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day!
but if they have a computer, they can just google the information.
another student, , is working on the same essay.
everybody has there own opinion on the matter.
when your are outside you see that playing is much better than just pressing buttons and clicking everywhere.
i do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive.
this shows that someone is hurt by what has happened, amplifying the story.
this sentence lets readers know that times are hard now, but in time things will get better.
example is this sight was troubling.
how about go on the computer!
if the same item appears regularly on the list, remove the item.
as far as music and tapes go no i do not think that those types should be removed.
so how could those things be harmful to society.
but those books about war are probably books about history.
also gives the change to talk to people with webcams.
the worst is probably watching bad things.
if were to look up information about the government on the internet, that person would not find a lot of useful information.
i feel this conclusion is very fair and considerable.
also, looking at things in a point of view of how some things could be offending, to fix the problems.
you can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer.
my dad introduced me to classic rock, and my mom loved soft rock.
for someone to take another persons right to read a book or watch a movie is wrong everyone has their own opinions and rights
without the descriptions in the novels, a piece of history would unknown to many.
in the essay do not exceed posted speed , the setting is used to alter the cyclists mood and as a reflection of his situation.
honestly, i totally and absolutely believe that child internet use should be cut down in the , because of many reasons.
his family had many rich culinary skills.
you can keep up with family members and old friends.
movies show us the ups and downs of life.
also, this ties in with something our country was founded on, which is freedom of the speech, and the press.
your wasting your time on the computers!
we had shifted to singapore recently and so i had to change to this school.
they help us learn, pass the time, and it can all be manage during a certain amount of time.
as you can see there are no sad memories in this memoir and i think that is what gives it such a happy mood.
freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions.
the girl wants to do that on that time of day and thinks she will get it next time.
also, it is a desert, so it is very hot and dry.
traveling according to sir francis bacon, the famous essayist, is education.
there also several books that talk about the censorship idea getting out of hand like the book .
with all the posting of pictures someone you with it.
those who play foul are not allowed to play.
first he says how grateful he is for the customs passed down to him.
all modern means of transport have made traveling very easy.
i strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the more hills, the more energy lost, the more tired he became.
we also find water in the form of snow.
besides no ones making you check out that book
for the books that are for older , movies that are rated , or magazines such as .
have you ever wondered what if a child got their hands on an adult book?
but those books, movies, and music are not at fault like parents try to make it seem.
if you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative.
play a game like monopoly, or play .
everybody has their own ideas on a library and if they want their voices heard let them speak it out.
lets make an inference and say, if we work to remove these offensive books, younger children will become more educated.
i think that no books should be taken away.
the setting caused him to doubt himself and the men and also it kept him from having the energy needed to get to where he was going.
the family had a close relationship almost like family with their friends.
you can just type instead of writing whole out.
this made me have to find a new book for the project.
as you interact with people on the computers.
they make it easier to find information and typing skills.
my answer to that is no you should not.
computers help so many people with everyday questions.
although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally.
parents can sometimes be over hard on a child and not let them do a lot of things.
with students having very little coordination, computer games lowered the to .
that number shows that, , over million people use these.
finally, it shows that the mood is happy and grateful because it says that he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
and not hot by standards, where it gets to degrees, maybe, by noon.
television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer.
so i did not get that book i just put it back and was mad at the people that treated my culture wrong.
would argue that it was the greatest invention ever.
now for getting rid of stuff in our library that can be offensive.
or new shows and music all be find.
the first girl asked.
authors, editors, photographers, and publishers all go through a lot of hard work and long hours to put these books on the shelves.
the library takes great precaution to the censorship of their books, movies music etc
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
computers also allow you to take out anger on ones and zeros.
people have had this luxury every since the beginning of this marvelous country.
here is a quote from the article.
computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movements.
computer are good to have around the house, but.
i was so thrilled when i was finally able to check out the book and read it.
when they come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting.
there are more circumstances where a library item does not need uncensored details because it is just offensive.
yes it was a disappointment to her mother but she sort of understood why she brought the plant home.
also computers are able to be used in business meetings when a business has to talk with another from different locations.
do you really want a world like that?
i think that computers are an important part of a persons life because the information found on a computer is very useful.
does make you feel better that you got all worked up over a book and now its gone.
third, some people go to the library for peace and quiet, and the library is there only place.
this flower represented hope.
then continues ,after seeing what that alone has done to her, rapes and beats her.
computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face.
libraries should not remove items from the shelves if they are found offensive.
well, i from personal experience, my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft.
the library is for everyone; not just you specifically.
for example, if someone found the interesting they want to just do some research to learn more about it.
another issue libraries have is music and movies.
but they also can communicate to your friends and family.
this is why when these movies are played on television, they are edited so all audiences can watch.
the persons health their the users well being.
a kid grow up knowing not to talk to people they do not know but never really understand what bad could come out of it.
the library is a place where many people go to learn.
therefore the author begins and ends with the same subject.
this include learning about people.
computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me.
people in schools, industries, and in homes use it all the time.
new music sometimes contains lewd or inappropriate lyrics that have no place in the library.
movies and television.
i say that there should be no library censoring.
so as you can see, computers benefit society because you can learn all types of things online.
advice from elders always helps us to make up our mind.
the mood the author created in the memoir loving and happiness.
then what we will be able to read or listen too
in doing this most times where someone would have been offended are prevented from happening.
this time the cyclist is enjoying his trip and is in a positive mood.
the library is somewhere you can go to get information on just about anything you want.
one reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph is to help show that things will change come spring.
please help us promote censorship in libraries to make a more respectful environment.
books should be censored if they are made for children.
talking and interacting makes us have safe relationships with one another, but computers again are preventing this.
in a world where we are raised to kill creativity, i find computers to be part artistic.
often say that they are stressed and depressed.
computers can help you find your way.
it provides information on vacations, hotels, ext.
they were talking about thinking of a book that no one should take off the shelf.
i can also see why they are trying to censorship libraries because of the kids behaviors.
show that you don' like, don' watch it.
and if the writing or music is inappropriate to a race or culture should it be removed.
computers are very addicting in terms of , and online games.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
in my personal opinion i believe the parent figure is right, although i also can understand the opposing opinion.
however, there is a reason that book is still talked about today.
my parents stand me in my house as they use the computer.
like the geese, she is saying that everything in this country she is starting to get used to like the geese that fly south every winter.
instead via internet.
so if anything is explicit keep it in the adults only section.
during lunch and dinner, we have cereals in the form of rice, wheat and whole grains.
it is at this point that he uses the word crippling because he is just about exhausted and cant go any further.
dear , i believe that computers are one of the most useful things that we can have.
especially if you had read the book yourself and found nothing wrong with it?
just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could.
my friends say that this is very unhealthy, research as proven it and my mom has had experience with the computers.
between winter and summer seasons, there is a short period called ‘spring’.
typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time.
everybody around has a unique part about themselves, and that is having a different look on something than someone else might have.
all i can really say to that is it is their decision.
libraries are places people visit to check out and read books.
i firmly believe that people are spending way too much time on the computer, without knowing how long has gone by!
many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
many schools call these books, magazines, and movies, '.'
not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker.
he seems to have had a very nice childhood and has always thanked his parents for that.
finally do computers benefits society?
in order to find a book that interests you, you have to explore by picking up the book and looking at the cover and reading its background.
the cyclist would appear to be closing in on something to drink, but be left with nothing.
so it can stay without water and food for many days.
the author creates gratefulness by repeatedly saying what his parents gave him and that he is grateful for it.
besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial.
well then i could get a franchise closed because it offends me.
your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on.
you can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world.
study conducted by university, the computer is the most largely operated machine.
in conclusion, the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
there are many books, music, movies, and magazines that people find offensive.
in that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about.
has it really helped us?
in this generation, our species relies on cellphones, websites with recent dates, and the news.
for example, say there was a historical fiction book about racism.
a survey conducted by muscles shows that of their members get stronger and more fit by new exercises.
so leave everything on the shelves.
even if you buy the you are still learning by taking care of them.
i think the libraries need to stay the way they are and leave things the way they have had them for different reasons.
several parts of this work emphasize this mood.
i hated seeing my friend like this, but mostly i hated how i watched it happen.
the cyclist feels hopeless in the abandoned town.
the best part is you can research anything even if its like a million miles away.
computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves.
the computer is able to do so many things.
if there is a fresh water stream you can stop and wash all the sweat off of you and get a drink.
in conclusion, i believe that our world is harsh and also beautiful.
often, people will claim certain work to be unjust without understanding the viewpoint of the supposed victim.
need new toys for kids?
finding the plant helped her, because it was already familiar to her.
maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism.
i think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them.
also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break.
but books cannot shout their values.
when you were a child how much did you learn from books?
for example, my dad uses a computer for almost the whole day he is at work.
computers have a positive and helpful effect on people.
you can either email them or talk to them from a web cam.
denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson.
it offers and contributes many ideas and actions.
money, weight and sleep.
some talk about race, religion or gender.
dear newspaper, you see, owning a computer can effect you.
if you were a parent that was worried about your child reading about these kinds of things, well welcome to life.
in doing so i believe that only that certain item should be taken away from that certain group of people.
nowadays, many people take for granted the knowledge that can be obtained there.
despite the different customs elsewhere, all of these cultures were united as one family.
confidence was a factory for the beautiful weather as well as he knew a short cut.
also they have to pay and odd dollars on the bill to keep the connection.
the shelves should stay full of books, movies, music and magazines.
we should also monitor the movies the watch and keep a close eye on the things they read
she was still stuck on her past.
second you do projects on them or homework if you need to.
he also says hes never listening to old men and hell always use the map.
but who knows where technology can take us.
sohan lal is about twenty-six years old.
it is basically any information in a click.
you cant hide you kids for ever, sooner or later they will find out about these problems.
many young people change words in books, but the books will always still have what really happened.
another example is there were dangerous animals like snakes that he came across.
most not happen, but there is a good chance that some of it will happen to someone in the world.
because the reason people read books is to learn.
finally, we are able to talk online with people that just be across town or across the ocean.
all of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally.
computers are easy to access, and you interact with loved ones, friends, or new people.
some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them.
she greatly emphasized warmth and safety.
some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device.
spring and snow melting could be connected to rebirth, while the geese returning could symbolize a second chance.
by using the computer you get the as a book and easy.
when he finds the bait shop hes relieved.
the last thing i would want my children seeing in a is offensive material.
if your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it.
or should we just reason with the people who are offended?
there are many reasons why i think that those books, movies, music, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
they get threatening emails.
in the memoir the expressed different moods.
all of these, and more give you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away.
i think that more citizens should own computers because they can expand your knowledge.
she then kept cycling and saw nothing.
before checking the material out skim through it make sure there is nothing offensive for your child.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
that person might take offense to these commercials.
just about everyone would get offended by one of these books, because nobody liked or does like , but they have to be there because of history.
the lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize.
eventually, his water supply began to run low, which increased his determination to find the next town before he collapsed.
so the computer can save us from failing!
there was a large snack in the middle of the road, as the tumble weed blew by.
books about alcohol are the same way.
well i think after reading this those extra will be persuaded.
they should have talked to the girl and said it was unfair to ask that when everybody reads it.
i would like you to put the in the and hear what people have to say about it.
gives the reader a feeling of just how much loved his home.
they can look at houses, the wonders of the world, and much more computers give people the opportunity to learn about so much more.
so he takes a couple tips on some short cuts by some old men.
would you really want to take that from the people?
i believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want.
plus, spending so many hours on a computer.
all of these reasons come together and say the computer does benefit society.
also, your hand movement will get better.
video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology but also one of the deadliest.
just make a new section for it.
what about the younger children who like to read?
my final reason is that computers can save paper buy having a lot of document on your computer.
he is thanking his parents for being brave and coming to with little and creating a foundation for their future life.
in agriculture, we should not overuse chemicals.
she would most likely need to go to the internet .
if the summary is too vague, then they know to read a few pages inside the book.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the computer is also dangerous because you could have inappropriate pictures posted on websites of you and not even know !
but, i feel the computer is a magnificent invention.
he mounted on his faithful horse kanthaka and reached the bank of the river yamuna.
with a computer everyone can learn about people all over.
a material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an over ruling majority of people.
this shows that he is grateful for all the extended family members he has.
first of all he explains how much he loves his parents.
for this reason any genre of music can sit on the shelves at a library.
children now days see more and know more what they are not suppose to know, for an example cursing.
there is no way possible that computers are bad.
but instead, they get too addicted to , and that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip.
that quote means that most things she thought of as strange she is now getting used to slowly, which means is adapting.
how the features of the setting affect the cyclist by taking and not had the right setting.
without items such as books we could have a hard time learning new stuff all the time.
she previously had a lot of home sickness, missing her grandmother and keepsakes from her child hood.
it is actually a very simple matter.
these books are all written in a style of their own and can bring a different lesson to every reader.
the author of that book and other people who enjoyed it do not need to be punished by having the book taken off the shelves.
, you be able to look up ways to stop global warming, but does it mean you are going to really do it?
they poll the customers and see what they think, they do nothing at all, or they remove the item to keep the person happy.
i got , with the help of computers i found out so much more about the country that i never even know about.
dear local newspaper, i am here today to state my reason why i am against usage of computers.
than parents all you got to do is take those songs away.
so, i had planned in detail how i would revise both subjects that day.
we have today the great epics in the form of scriptures and literature.
i support the advances of technology.
my reason for using this is because my work is important to me.
hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country.
they might also have to have an adult with them.
this is why the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show she has hope.
so i took action and cleaned our lakes.
you should always keep in touch with friends.
of people believe is very important did you know that.
most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information.
dear newspaper, the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature.
it is the season of flowers and fruits.
what one person loves, another person could hate.
when he first leaves its in a hot and flat part of the desert.
children are very suspicious in libraries because they know that adult material is also in the library.
i myself have talked with my sister in a different room while using the computer so the computer lets you interact with friends and family too!
whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature.
there he shed his royal robes, cut his hair and become a monk.
most kids spend most of their time on the computer or on or .
if other people would like the book then the library will not take the book off of the shelves.
fear of death and disease will not hunt us.
this tests his endurance even more as he has to maneuver down the hills while dehydrated and ready to collapse from exhaustion.
i rather their parents talk to them about that and stop hiding things from them.
dear local newspaper: computers have become a major part of peoples lives.
it, in my opinion and experience, corrupts both the mind and soul, and causes man to be things he is not by nature.
he has two little ears.
the author stated, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
adding rough pavement, rusty water pumps, and not so friendly animals adds to the discomfort as well.
for example, it is the desert and usually there is nothing there.
if something could be offensive, it is disposed of.
it allowed me to talk to my brother white he was at his chaotic college.
we have lots of great books.
as i said, these books, magazines, music, etc.
as creepy as it sound.
then i saw a man looking for some shelter.
it is against the law in some states that a be in school at all.
as i stated most people are becoming more and more lazy these days because all they have to do to have fun is sit and do little movement.
need directions to a restaurant?
in my opinion, although computers help with certain everyday life, i think that it gives one negative effects.
so you see these things are a problem but nobody removed us.
i am going to tell you why they should be censored, and what should be censored.
you can use the computer to lock up your subject and a different websites will come speed quick to your screen.
he would never take the advice of anyone but his map again.
they can persuade one in ways that is unbelievable.
according to the old men the cyclist would pass by a few towns if he took the route they told him.
without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive their families away.
he was bummed out because he could never get outside.
it;s a completely different story now.
the strong heat, because the cyclist could bare had a heat stroke.
there are some people that would have to look at that for research or something else.
the the sun was beginning to beat down.
you could probably find one in a common household.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very cool and funky.
i feel like everyone should try new things.
that is my solution.
these songs show us why children are having children, or doing drugs.
there are a lot of other options on the shelves that do not include such topics.
all of these emotions are evident in the text.
i believe that all sorts of books, music, and magazines should stay on the shelves at the library.
there are many reasons that the books should stay on the shelves.
when a book is so vulgar people begin to protest the book, there are questions as to whether the book should remain on library shelves.
why i believe is because there are things that are in these items that hurt people in many ways.
something that is offensive to one person or a group of people not be found offensive by another person or group of people.
there are people out there that might disagree with me and i can see where they are coming from too.
millions of people use a computer for working at their .
i get up early in the morning.
those can get the books and them to help them solve there problems.
book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends.
as long as he is there, the whole routine of the house is upset.
the romance books usually have girls on there half clothed and the guys in basically nothing.
maybe if we could make a petition and have at least people sign it then the book could be removed.
in conclusion, throwing books out and keeping a library censored, would be a mistake.
the computer you can look for information make faster.
the author describes, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
computers have a negative affect on people!
also, in my life, my teachers assign research papers requiring us to find information on a topic.
by censoring rape from media, we are ensuring that the people in future generations never learn about rape.
some children hit their parents because the parents shut the computer off.
the new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, they do have negative effects.
it is very dry and hot out there but
all the games have a rating on them so you should have an adult check that game rating before you let your child get that game.
but they also provide an educational opportunity through research.
a couple could go in the library trying to find a good healthy funny movie, but could find a movie that would make them uncomfortable.
come to find out the water tastes like battery acid.
the cyclist finds a building, but it is abandoned and empty.
there is no reason that if someone is offended by a book in a library that it should be removed from the shelf.
i want to learn knowledge about myself and where i come from.
violence in books can influence killing.
as long as no laws are being broken, there should be no problem.
if a certain type of music or book is known to be offensive, then that certain genre can be avoided.
to who it concern: you take away books because someone might find them offensive?
my final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and if you think your ready.
lets say, that i had a work document on yearly company profits and i needed to got it to my boss.
could it be language, graphic scenes, or parts that are just extremely scary?
dear , computers can have a positive effect or a negative effect on people.
books and music have bad language but very rarely have bad images or other things like that.
they will be worth your wild.
the story was ended like this to show that the girl will have a new beginning.
he weighs pounds due to being on the computer all the time.
the passenger was not the one to be easily cowed down.
i believe books should be censored by content much like movies.
also you cant give up on anything at all even something small like working if you stop working you will loose your job.
communities have many different types of people that live in them.
i feel this way for several reasons, but three in particular.
in the passage,the cyclist had about different settings.
it can be played indoors as well as outdoors.
there are the major benefits of using a computer.
with all these obstacles in his way, he was able to achieve his goal of getting water.
the sight of the hibiscus plant reminds her to never give up, no matter how tough the situation.
i think no one has the right to pull that item off the shelf because of there own opinion of it.
the horizon was what kept cyclist going.
so people that use computers are spending less time with their family and friends which can cause them to become depressed and lonely.
the first thing is that the mood is love.
finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important.
on many sites on the internet, set up person locators.
i think what you should do its not get rid off computers.
as well as the library, the movie store and everything else.
this is not what the author wants.
the had to make room for other books.
will that said they use computers anyone to say that computers are bad the that you love do while this.
why would you travel in a place is you back.
people who like to read books should have a wide variety of books.
i feel that if you find something to be offensive then don' read or watch it.
but i have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?
if we are getting rid of art should we remove people too?
the marvelous things about computers is the speed of them.
its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air.
movies that will help them learn how not to do somethings like kill or rape.
however, because of this invention, computers have allowed us to do incredible things.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for one reason.
people can find the most innocent things offensive.
the day was a good day and wants to take the test on the same day.
but in many different ways.
in present day, most people live on the computer.
computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!
whether someone knows it or not when you are typing fast it is help you hands.
i hope you think the same too.
so i hope you enjoyed reading essay.
magazines are also a small portion of this conflict.
they are just a part of my nature and help me to be more expressive of myself.
some of these things cause conflict.
censorship is one of the most broken laws in .
i would, we need computer for many things, for example we need computer for communications, we also need them to educate yourself and others.
this means you should learn haw to type faster.
so if they have a computer they are able to do things play some games or can watch some videos to pass the time.
the author shows how proud was of his parents and how thankful is.
the cyclist in the short story; started to lose hope until he found a store that sold fishing bait.
they are our best guides and philosophers.
there is a great rush at the doors of the compartments.
there is more to the process like the people bring or take it to or away from you.
being home on the computer does not let you enjoy nature.
this exert from the test supports my previous statement about how its hot because the speaker tells us how hes sweating and that he might be seeing a mirage.
it is just like the book , where is watching, and that we are only based on what we are allowed to read, and even think.
books including racial slurs, sexual content, and offensive religious comments can accidentally be stumbled upon while searching for something else.
in my school there are several students with special needs.
they look after their young ones just like our mothers do.
i am torn on this topic because i am against censorship, but i am also for it when laws are being broken.
this means that she has been use to change and has accepted the situation.
the story is very emotional and expresses a great deal of sorrow that is overcome in the end.
she sees a familiar plant, and so she purchases it for nineteen dollars because it cheers her up ???
so taking off books from shelves would have hindered the process of me growing up.
most books and movies are filled with sex,gang violence, and drugs.
censorship is not good for any society.
what if that person thought it was a little quiet in his or her room?
i really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture.
is censorship in libraries a problem or a right?
they brought love to all people.
and to get good money to make us happy.
now you are probably wondering, us.
many children are growing up without mom or dad.
children do not choose their parents.
while can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree.
i saw some students walking around.
i check it almost everyday when i come home from school.
last of all, computers are for our entertainment.
they should be put in a different position for children unable to find in the area.
the has enough water in it to flood the earth.
always stick in your gut.
its just a way of life.
the setting relates to the person and plays a role, which the cyclist can observe.
but is it their decision to say that some things offend people?
i think that knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that, everyone is going to enjoy different things at different levels.
some people even on them to stay in touch with family or at war.
the beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us.'
why would you take things away that people actually enjoy?
she also realized that she will never forget her home but she still can move on.
for instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard.
it was their idea to put it in the story but some things need to be left unsaid.
this are my three reason i think people should not stay on the computer all day.
i think having books that are too offensive should be put in there own bookshelves.
most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone.
and he kept drinking a lot of water just to bring down his fear.
in addition, employees will definitely go to a different library without the bad music and the violent movies.
this brought mass attention to which caused many people to donate and needed items.
i say we just let it be, and let people be happy
getting more active even bring your friendship or family bond even more closer.
so tell me what you think!
everyone has books that they do not like or do not approve of.
he sells fruits in the market.
the next day i went to take my exam.
this means that we can publish anything, no matter the inappropriateness of the matter.
suddenly, we heard a cry of alarm.
well that must mean they have internet on their phone.
i try not to use the computer unless i have too for school or to get homework.
computers do benefit society.
by spending some time leisurely, we will be able to prolong our lives and also be comfortable.
if you think about it, each and every one of those billion minds thinks differently.
we can get all that we need and more off of books.
and instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary.
dear , you imagine where the world would be without computers?
secondly, people would be able to learn about faraway places.
with libraries and movie theaters they have what the state thinks is for adults only in their own little section.
censorship should be a matter of the private, not public sphere.
but he eventually finds a bait shop and he has a drink there so he is okay.
if you want kids to know about the history of our country, they need to know what actually happened.
the thought of trying the test when the hibiscus starts budding ties the story together.
i also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family.
there are games on websites.
the scorching dessert and plant life gives him a sense of seclusion and scares him.
of those said use computers daily, and not just for work.
this is helpful students could and the world or about a different this remind me of the time i had to a project about the nine planets.
these love and happiness were the the moods created by the author in the memoir dedicated to his family.
one thing is certain, i will not.
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culture.
as you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society.
everyone has different taste in movies, music, books, etc.
can these books be offensive?
i hope that you put those reasons in our local paper so every one can see how computers have a positive effect on people.
i feel that yes an , or school library should not contain the same content as a school library.
some friends and family keep in touch completely by computer.
though i kept falling, i did not give up.
i was thoroughly disappointed.
that does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though.
how can you never things do.
all of the books we found were over how bad the slaves were treated back then.
so what if there are other people who would have actually wanted to read those books?
a alert saying that someone sent you a email.
another story that fits quite well into this topic is .
instead they sit and play games on a computer.
a book that needs to be censored should not be in an school.
put a and older section in the libraries so any and every body will not be able to enter unless they have just to solve the age problem.
now, i understand there is a vast amount of people who are against my position.
i think people should have more ideas.
statics show that people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents.
instead of banning certain media, one should label said media with a warning.
every library has different choices.
my cousin is now and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby.
whether people think its offensive or not people still enjoy those books.
you can find a lot of amazing things in a magazine.
if someone just removed all the things that are found offensive from the shelves.
this allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch.
it is a body of rock and moon dust.
for students, it be something like research for a project of essay.
when she returned to england she set up a training college for nurses.
for example they would be able to go to the internet type in the place they want to visit and get photographs and information about the place.
could you imagine living in a wold?
it was her decision to keep reading it.
i know that teenagers are on the computer a lot, but if it really bother the parents, why do they have computers in their houses?
long distance phone calls cost a lot.
either matters just let happen what happens, someone will learn from there experience so why banned now?
great masterpiece and rare books are sold at concessional rates.
this is because reading these books might put ideas into their heads.
there are many great uses for a computer.
from slavery to the future, there are movies where i have learned a lot.
first, computers can help find out how to do things.
also how she still loved her ritual song she sings with her family.
so for his birthday i decided an getting him a computer.
people like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside.
but that just the basics.
failing her drives test was hard for her.
some people not mind that there are a couple of bad words or a little violence, but others will find it very offensive.
and that concludes my opinion on how computers are helpful & lots of diverse ways.
do you think that censorship should be used?
is not the only person this has happened to.
almost all of the computer games out have multiplayer features.
i have seen survey that say out of spend more than hours a day on computers.
it seemed as though the worse his setting became, the worst he personally felt.
to talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other.
it also set the mood of the era, and the place, where the story is being held.
there is no way to see this, but one thing you enjoy maybe be offensive to others.
the setting affected the cyclist mood in the story.
lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world.
we all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they dint then they well get into trouble
those are the only bad things about computers.
the computer, can bring most any paper work or work book you need to get the job done.
he had various points in support of his belief.
it is also not another persons right to decide what other people can and cannot observe.
help us to became someone important in life.
people should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are.
the snow is melting represents change from cold to warm.
a very popular game is the .
libraries are for people to check out books or other sources, and not to remove books or other source off the shelves.
for example she likes bitter melon it says.
computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything.
i have found this important over the last few years.
family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time.
taking things that people like away from someone is wrong and it would be mean to take that away from those who enjoy it.
it also has many games that and learn our vocab words.
the author thanks his parents for their kind and loving actions.
i find it much more easy to use a computer for projects and i all of my friends think it is also.
on the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world.
these types of entertainment should not be aloud to be removed from public or private libraries.
if people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it then they get what they ask for.
the part where he has no shade has to suck because he has the sun beating down on him all the time.
recently, i read a magazine and it had an article in it about people going to meet other people they online.
this is a perfect way for transportation and learn new things about other places.
she took those books, the ones people were complaining about, and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk.
finally, i feel that computers will day life.
computers do not create positive benefits to society.
otherwise, a demolished love of reading, crushed individuality, and separated population be born.
i think having computers are good because you can use it to find places.
so being on the computer does not make you smarter.
i believe agreeing with you be a very good choice.
an for friends this is a good way because if they move you can talk to them on this.
the topic of censorship in schools is also a very sensitive one, especially with younger kids.
these are all the reasons why computers are bad.
you will agree with me and why i think that.
allows you to talk to friends, comment on their videos, and subscribe to them, plus it provides hours of entertainment without a fee.
that brings satisfaction to my life.
mail can so my where with enough, yes, but is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far.
i was so happy because it was no cost to me.
she turned it in, and the teacher gave it back the following day.
unfortunately, the man lived.
learning new things can only be interesting if you can actually see them.
recently i had to do a project in about a place in .
the computer is one of the fastest ways you can learn about current events.
why is it offensive and how is it offensive?
he thinks the heat will kill him.
when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take this test again.
that this family is filled with the most important thing needed to survive, .
fact is, in paragraph , talks about how he kept thanking his parents for everything he had.
for personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your fellow peers in order to work on school projects.
using a computer can help you learn about different people from around the world.
you can also communicate with people who has an email address.
you spend hours on the computer or even hours!
furthermore the author of the memoir expressed this by saying that his family turned this simple house into a home.
for example the author of the book or magazine some how relates to them, and they probably made it so other people could relate to them also.
social skills are the difference between success and failure.
i would hate to do that.
i do not care if there is a explicit word in my reading.
the heat of the weather and lack of water makes the cyclist develop an uncaring matter.
people bring the point of maybe a child picks up a adult book or magazine in a store and begins to look at it and read it.
a soldier who is in the army will take killings and seeing deaths much easier than a of a company.
a variety of people could take offense to the content this contains.
i think it is not just up to them on what should be on the shelves in a library, but the communities choice.
we would have to hand write those books and hand sew our clothes.
a library is a place to enjoy the countless amount of literature of many different styles and should not be restricted.
that people think up in there heads about life.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structures of any kind.
also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person.
so there was several moods in this memoir.
this caused him to become even more dehydrated, resulting in him thinking he was going to die.
certain things that offend people can be enjoyed by other people.
she and her nurses treated the wounded, provided them with good food and recreation.
censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries.
some people want to read or watch something with such content.
a video camera used on your computer.
then again, maybe not.
finding an appropriate book is not the problem.
i believe this because i too want others to hear and read about my ideas, on how to obtain life,liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
this is why i support the computer.
finally, the cyclist sees a building in the distance, but again, deserted.
in conclusion, the setting clearly affects the cyclists journey in a negative way.
when seeing the familiar plant.
the books, music, movies, magazines are not there to offend you in any type of way.
this be dangerous for younger people, so be careful.
one term of communication that came out recently is .
however, what be unacceptable for children to view be perfectly fine for a mature adult.
within a school corporation the environment changes, and the rules must be changed as well.
third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family.
she cried to show her pain, and bought a plant to cheer her up.
drugs, alcohol, and curse words have a big effect on children and their lives today.
inside our body, there are many systems.
their is a nice attitude towards everything through good times and bad always a good attitude.
they can express their feelings in a way that is amazing.
the library get in trouble and then again they not
so, the settings around the cyclist affected him in different ways.
i feel like once you become a parent you automatically think your smarter than a kid but yet kids are pretty darn smart.
do we really want the murder of millions of people to be repeated?
without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily.
dear , i have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer.
you cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes.
but what about theaters you ask?
that sweat was all over him.
the internet a powerful weapon, but can teens handle this kind of power?
my second point is that people have the choice to read or watch the movie.
choose it because it looks interesting and its something you might enjoy
the things that harm people are in there to show people in the younger generations how life was lived in the older days, as in the slaves.
obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern.
so why get it removed from the shelve?
lack of good food, good homes, and poverty are some of them.
if all books were rated like movies, we would know just what were buying or checking out.
they enjoy it if you did take it off then what else would they put up?
the more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors.
he starts out riding on flat ground but then is riding on hills and not so flat terrain.
as the man moves on he comes to a fort of sorts.
just because a book talks about the and dying be a little inappropriate for some age groups but not for teenagers and adults.
the narration says not like the kind we had ].
when someone spends months or even years on writing a story, they hope that they can get it published and be rewarded for their long, hard work.
libraries should censor some of the materials that they have available to the public.
it is still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason.
the shelves would be blank.
books have pictures, or they even be poem books.
i believe in freedom of thinking because it is the most valuable resource that we have, it is what sets us apart from each other.
continuing on he reaches another building.
i say that there is some material for adults, teens and children.
you stay inside all day every day, the computer will be so addicting it will take over you and make it more important.
then the terrain in changes when he says flat road was replaced
they will engage in music, magazine, enjoy a cup of coffee, or simply get on the internet.
life is full of risks, so let them know, that way when the time comes their ready.
there is always a good side to every situation.
i am writing this letter to say that i agree with how computers benefit society.
they are more of a benefit than a burden.
so, these children start making actions and start behaving the same way the characters are in the book.
and being fat also has a negative effect.
go on a family vacation, somewhere fun.
the big question is what will you choose!
another reason as to why the setting affects the cyclist is that there is no one to get directions from.
you could research a lot of things on them.
look at what computers can do.
for example the cyclist says not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit, there are many features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
these things are the reasons computers are good.
such as how many points got for your fantasy team.
he is a businessman.
in the states also be to read about , , and how we have a wonderful state.
in libraries should remain the same as it is now.
(the town) fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
they would not have to worry about their child or teenager finding reading material that is inappropriate or offensive.
fortunately, he did find civilization when he came to a fishing supply shop.
everyone of us waits for the postman whether he brings something for us or not.
censorship is everywhere not just in libraries.
she is the healthiest person i know and rarely spends anytime on the computer.
take the book, in the , for example.
such as , , and even .
because books are like atoms.
we live in a world with many different ideas, thoughts and beliefs, and we all need equal right to share them
the people can look at a different book and completely ignore the others.
sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers?
another reason libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that, most likely, the entire book, magazine, movie, etc.
while pedaling through desert, the cyclist becomes even more factory when tumble seed, which is always a symbol of a deserted area, cones by.
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
was having so much fun that he lost track of time.
now i told you all the reasons why i think using a computer is good.
the people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do.
neither or these weight problems are very good for you, proving my point about the health issues of too much computer time.
if music or movies become a hazard then it should not be welcome in the library.
there are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful.
due to the advance in computers many people do not go outside as much anymore.
over of people today have a computer.
they are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives.
despite some people that think the advent of computer has affected communication.
have you been watching what your kids are reading about or what movies they are watching?
there are many ways the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
in a survey taken in a local magazine should that of people are on computer and.
, itself has influenced computer use.
you can also use webcam where you can actually see the person talking to you and they own see you.
they going to hear it anyways so why try to stop it when there going to end up hearing it.
there are some libraries that will let a child get a magazine or book, and let the child check the book or magazine out.
she teaches me how to plant and take care of them.
dear , life without computers.
last and final reason is its fun and easy to use.
elephants are the largest land animals on the earth.
science has changed our domestic life.
there are plenty of other readers out there that would like to read that book and to learn more about politics.
i was isolated and was desperately trying to find someone to be my friend.
i chuckled this shows that the author is still in good spirits because he can still laugh.
this led him through the desert.
does that give me the right to take it off of the shelf and demand that it be banned?
and i say no to computers.
for example, their are lots of websites that offer online tutoring or good ways to help you pass school.
exercise is something should yet to.
he has to maintain law and order.
you missed out on a lot.
to much time on the computer takes away knowledge and takes away time with family and friends.
due to unavoidable circumstances, i had not been able to do any revision.
i believe from watching them, that it helps them grow.
i enjoy the morning walk very much.
also they can read anything they want too, because they can buy the book and read it and hid it.
with the social networking sites, everyone is receiving tons of about one another.
in the , there are all kinds of freedoms that we as use freely.
he teases the young boys and girls of the locality.
mind, there are still movies with happy endings and a positive message.
what makes kids behave better, being sheltered from life or being life smart and knowing what is going on in this world.
with this variety, it has to please at least one person.
those other people would send it around and in the end it was a horrible mess.
not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online.
hiding it would be like robbing them of their right to be informed.
in many libraries, their inventory is being stripped for censorship.
they even contact them by chatting threw websites.
hes really not happy about listening to them and not following his map.
people spend to much time on the .
once the rolling expansive hills came into view, the author let out a sad, hopeless laugh.
so my suggestion is to not move them and let them stay on shelves just as any other book would
thanks for your time on reading why i think computers are a big problem here in the .
they would most likely to tell people to not get it and tell the school that they were offended by the material.
books,music,movies, or magazines wont be pulled because of emotions.
are they good or bad?
this would be a wonderful thing to do they should not have stuff like that in a library in the first place.
the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
the theme of this story could be seen things discourage you.
and with you having bad eyes you can get serious head injures just from hurting your eyes.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is love.
all of the things are not for just one particular age.
the author has spent so long cycling through heat, his brains starting to shut down.
you can go on the internet and look up directions.
what would you do if you picked up a book, where someone is being teased about their looks, and ?
so it really all depends upon the use of the book and the maturity of the person who is renting it.
your body is special and your health is important.
almost every city in the has a public library.
computers have millions of games that a kid can play for free.
when kids say it outta class rooms they get in trouble.
if you were in a library and you saw a book or anything that you took offensive, more than likely someone else will find it offensive too.
music does not fall into that category.
from our libraries due to many reasons.
our government also realized the importance of trees.
people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
i would have to say yes to that question.
people need to see why he painted such works of what was going on during his life at that time.
most news is about things that are bad, rarely any good news comes around.
so in other words i do think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines
as you can see, i agree that computers are a bad idea.
overall the main mood of this memoir is gratitude.
this indicates that the mom is trying to tell her that she will get a second chance.
the boy thought that his parents were really great and he thought that he could never be like them.
have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next?
they have books over everything.
they are a connection to the world, like places, and people.
those type of books are what older people like and they are very interesting.
stamps collecting is still one of the world’s most popular indoor hobbies.
they say they practice hand eye coordination, they can teach you about far away places and you can talk with people online.
second remind her of her home.
then doing homework.
while walking around the zoo, i saw boards which warned us not to feed the animals.
changing a persons life is not easy.
you go to different and play any games.
children do what they see and hear, so they are liable to try and cop harmful things they read .
you can tell because is a different for than the others, and bad things happen.
but i also believe people can spend to much time on them.
statistics show that of people that go on the computer instead of getting exercise, are in risk for health problems including obesity.
i do not think that there is a need to remove offensive materials from libraries.
in conclusion, things such as books and magazines are allowed to take from the shelves.
this is showing that the terrain is opposing him.
the unemployed are required to register with these.
it should be left up to a person to decided what the see or view.
computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate.
the mood created by the author in the memoir come in different ways.
censorship is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for.
also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game to keep memories.
so as you can see that why i say you can through the computer.
these materials should be taken off the shelves because children reading or looking at these kinds of books and magazines in libraries should not be happening.
one nurse was so rude that she never attended to any case unless called upon by the doctor himself.
this game has an online system where you can talk to and play against people all around the world.
computers informed many people about them.
going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all.
the television shows are still being aired.
books that are found offensive are more interesting than just plain boring books.
meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk.
i think a movie, book, or a magazine should only be uncensored if it is trying to get a point across.
exercising helps you grow.
on a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc.
people say that computers are teaching important skills.
the postmen work day in and day out.
she flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really and a pervert.
more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals.
this way you can see your family from miles away in the comfort of your own home.
also, growing up made him proud because he came up not having a lot, to being a famous fashion designer.
there are plenty of other sites and places you could get a book if you really wanted it.
they allow people to talk to friends and family by email, , and by webcam.
so she had a great idea.
most of the time, it was just about a group of people who love each other having a good time with each other.
so finn runs away from the custody of his father and meet another boy.
the hills would make any riding more difficult.
news wide to this very day deals with drugs and teens getting more into them, causing an overdose that could lead to death.
a library is a place you go to that has books, movies, music, magazines, etc.
video games are also popular.
i loved the place so much that i would like to visit it next year too.
what do you prefer having computers or no?
removing certain materials from the library would not be in good interest.
for instance today my class & i are going to the to look up info on seat belts on buses.
hope to talk to you soon.
but then he got his computer.
for example the commercials for gum with that woman, some people might consider that offensive.
i do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society.
this is also not a health relationship with family members.
in this kind of setting you can run into dangerous creatures.
first of all, if a person is eighteen they should have a right to read whatever books they chose because they are grown adults.
dolphins love to eat fish.
well you can shop online.
make the smart choice.
i think that the author concludes the story like that because be shes saying that by that time shell be ready to take the test again.
says, ' look i was only kidding with the girl, she needs to learn how to take a joke.'
thank you for your time.
coming over these thing was very strong and hard of this young man.
to the people at the i would like to tell you and your readers that there is something wrong with the .
i would help develop the all-round personality of all the students.
all these good people got together and became family.
good health is the greatest blessing of god.
they also miss out on family dinners and movie night.
some things a teenager might be experiencing a parent might not want to talk about with their child.
you can talk to people on or email each other and have a conversation with them.
an example of the vastness of the park was when he quote, about forty miles into the pedal, i arrived at the first town.
also if you are not sure about homework or something like that you can just ask a friend to find out.
the affect of the setting are two old timers sitting on their front porch out in the desert since carter was in office.
using the computer this way is another terrific idea.
if you are going to have any of these items kept in your home, then keep them in a place where children can not find them.
these hackers break the security codes and buy things online using other peoples money.
i should be free to go to the movie store and find and rent any movie a choose from the shelf.
that section is only for mature people of the ages or older.
this can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop.
also, when i was in fourth grade i had to do a project on .
also there are games on the computer that can help you with math.
if all the books that talk about history are gone then how will students be able to learn about the past.
thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and i hope you agree.
fortunately, exposed the horrific processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and solved the problem.
aside from that computers make life easier.
also, when he said that that his parents always kept open arms and door.
a library is a place of education and learning.
however, he found out that there was still people around.
finally, computers also create many distractions to students.
overall, computers are letting people broaden their horizons are lock of new things.
those are the reasons why i think the computer has a negative effect on people.
setting plays a big role in this story.
although the desert is flat, he began to notice some hills in the road, and such a long distance, including the heat, could be deadly.
school was indeed our computer, we world.
everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and like that.
most young adult books have something to do with teens, drugs, violence, and other things that would come off as offensive.
it also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in playing video games.
a book is simply a way to learn and explore the different things in life.
do we take away everything the teacher used to learn about that topic?
many people in the read.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that some people have been concerned about using computers too much.
i believe that computers are a great tool for several reason.
foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government.
they all most create their own company.
off the shelves just because of certain people.
millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves
one of the greatest is the freedom of speech.
many of my own friends are update status or pictures on for three hours every night.
that you need to do something.
the building was there but it was abandoned.
censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country.
some parts of the world do not get very cold, mostly because of the influence of the sea.
if i brought over and read it to their kids and they got offended, should we get rid of ?
the author tells us that the road turned into hills and bumps.
this includes the earthquake.
we just have to raise them the best we can.
many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular, rather than just browsing.
we want them to be apart of our big events.
another was the setting affected the cyclist is at one point tumbleweeds were in his way.
i feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer.
this is where one realizes the important things.
and when they read bad things like that, they develop the wrong goals and values for their future lives.
the cyclist thought it was hard.
during the cyclists biking adventure he encounters several interesting situations.
so now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing.
while removing books for reading be going to far, things such as movies could go the other direction.
everyone has their point of view.
you just started the story and it is due tomorrow.
next i support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people.
however most of the things people do not like to see are things they fear.
for example, a professional photographer may be busy even in his/her leisure time.
sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination.
dear , i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people because, you could get obsessed with the computer.
you can see hotels or anything you want to if you want to go on vacation.
so in the end his surroundings destroyed him and then relieved him.
in the book, 'a ', there is a lot of detailed events that happen.
i think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends.
in this memoir the mood created by the author is mostly happiness and celebration.
the public is open for anybody to read a book.
can i ever forget this incident?.
one way that people use computers positively is by using it to be informed by news, traffic, and weather.
just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer with all the detail you need and more.
this feeling of family definitely helps to make the piece feel warm and happy.
the trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers.
but there are all kinds of books that you can pick you have history,poems,dramas,love,scary.
first of all, in the story it says and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke ().
many passengers get down from the train and many get in.
not spending time with your family and friends is an awful thing to do.
expenses and income are saved to businesses computers, if that was all done an paper they could be lost or ruined.
some people take romances being offensive or comedy or horror.
well, sounds like you need to work on your hand eye coordinator.
get outside have to conversation with a friend and internet with your family.
also the little kids has to small of ear to hear and also to small of eyes to even see the words in the book like that.
this opened my eyes and now, i, too, am grateful for everything and everyone i have in my life.
you can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working.
computers help people know news, traffic weather directly, interact with people, and learn new things.
video chat, , , etc.
she believes killing is wrong and inhumane.
the internet does effect how you exercise.
yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways.
libraries are expected to be kept quiet and not out jumping around and screaming.
another thing is the land.
your want to just so you the computer.
keep these things separate: adult books, magazine, movies, music, etc.
but if i was to get one i would look at the important stuff on what it is and how to get it and all that kind of stuff.
, it is not a bad thing that students go on the computer.
as for food, you sit and eat junk food.
you would be mad at them and wonder why.
the second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get away from it.
everyone is different no one person can speak for the whole world.
computers open you up met new friends.
nobody wants to be criticized in a book or such.
he was riding in a desert which is very hot, with little civilization to help him.
she also learned that her time will come and she will one day be driving.
my second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education.
when you get exercise you can lose weight.
on average, computers complete work fifty times more efficiently than people do by hand.
a computer many family thing.
majority of people stand firm with politics and do not budge when it comes to discussing what they believe is right or true.
it is very addicting!
first, materials that one individual finds offensive could be viewed another way by many others who enjoy the material.
this can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise.
after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful.
if someone was bored right now, he or she could use the computer to play fun games.
musicians also play music of course.
the author concludes the hibiscus is important to her.
obviously, computers play a big role in the communication of one to another without a problem.
birdie is light brown in colour.
some say that our future generations will be greatly shorted of knowledge, or become naive because of this lack of knowledge.
libraries were made to give people the chance to be inspired.
i felt like i was right their with her!
the people are spending way too much time and not benefiting.
people in your life.
instead of picking up a book you can go online.
when i would watch music videos on every song that was being played was the edited version.
she had to move on and be able to pass the driving test the next time around.
drinking drink after drink never having any water.
explicit, or eighteen or older books, movies, magazines or music be placed in a back room or simply on another side of the library.
some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it.
we could do tests on computers.
you can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself.
if we place censorship on one book everyone has a right to ban other books as well.
the author concluded the story with the paragraph because it shows that everything and everyone can make it through a tough time.
it is also a great learning technique for research.
could you imagine writing a newspaper a ?
it shows her liking her new life for a few reasons.
i felt that the mood was both happy and sad in this memoir.
when he begins to see a building, he becomes hopeful and determined.
they never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky.
as i said at the beginning, i like mystery books.
click turn off your computers and get out of your chair.
what might be offenses to you, be enjoyable to someone else.
he writes about his parents in a way that informs the reader that they were extremely good people.
but not this cyclist he controlled his anger and again showed determination.
however, his excitement soon turned into dismay and slight doubt as his journey drags on.
students can read and borrow all types of books.
aforementioned, obesity is issue.
the effects computers have on people is good (for the most part).
prostitution happens because of online chats.
music i think is different.
also by having that conclusion statement it help the reader understand the affection of her new country.
this also helps people who are shy get married and start a family.
on one side sat the musicians with shehnai and its accompaniments.
that world is not a world i want to live in.
another aspect of the setting that affect the cyclist are the rolling hills.
the more people feel home bond the more they will come.
the library is a place where you can be humble and relaxed.
books about drugs are alright to an extent.
games teach us the way to face failure which we come across atadversary corner.
this is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place.
he returns home very tired.
my dog guards the house like a watchman.
the computer is the likes of all the hard working students and adults much, much easier.
will you hide your children from materials that will make them form their own opinions?
they can be seen selling their eatables and tempting the hungry disgruntled people.
i feel very strongly about my statement, because everyone in this world is different.
spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are dangerous to young teens.
a good form of education is the exposure to different types of material.
this means that the author is trying to convey is thanks and gratitude on who his parents made him.
get up and prevent the negative effects of computers.
all you do is type in what you need in a search engine and !
this shows kids are better off typing papers, and assignments.
third and last, interact with your family and friends.
dear , you all know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers.
like music, books have many categories.
i have a year old brother that stays on the computer from the time he gets til the time he goes to sleep.
the next reason is that it could cause rate of the materials to go down.
libraries should not censorship any material.
whats more is that they can be in the bedroom or room.
this was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer.
he was talking about how he needed to sip from his water more than normally.
for example they write going dance.
but their are people who do make a big deal about that kinda stuff.
personally i have never found a book, song, or movie to be offensive to me.
no one can never make everybody happy.
i have read and saw very intense things in my life but does that make me want to do bad things, no!
you can not always make everyone happy.
buy a whole , a couch, and even your groceries in only ten minutes.
lastly, i would like to tell you about just how much we can learn by using a computer.
yes, they think that there is no real harm.
at first it was flat road which the speaker was happy with and he had a smile on.
if you have a computer at home you can build up your computer skills for school.
many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents.
if you want things that are more intense or out there, then you can go to a bookstore, instead of a public library.
is grateful for what they gave up so cold have a good life.
i have never been there so i want on the computer.
finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the reasons above, computers are very helpful to people all around the world.
technology and new information is so vast its extremely difficult to censor.
it started turning dark and he was still biking.
for example, when i see older brother go on the computer he look much smarter on it.
it was he who wrote the world famous sherlock holmes detective stories.
we need computers like we need water.
the worst were books with cuss words that i found.
however, others feel they are too consuming.
there are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers.
so i feel that mother is the prettiest person ever i have had in my life.
there was no shade so he had to just take the sun beating down on his back.
the library is open to any and or everybody.
books are another thing that could use some censorship.
when this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer.
dear editor, do you do all day?
we shut them off to spend time with each other.
true they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous.
these books that are considered offensive to some people not be offensive to others.
i was a little afraid.
the mood in this memoir is inspiring to the narrator.
the leading cause for this low number?
this is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased.
being in a library there are lots of choices to see and check out.
i agree that people should not spend so much time on computer.
instead, libraries should be divided into sections based on topics.
some people might find them to be a waist of space and just remove it, if they did not like the book, movie, music or magazine.
a whopping amount of use the computer for work.
so in , i think should be censorship in libraries.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show if they can adapt then she can too.
there are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day.
many a time she helps us in locating and selecting books.
they talk to kids until they find out something like an address, phone number, school, and district.
this is why all items need to be available to the public.
the gurus of ancient era are now addressed by ‘sir’ or the last name.
libraries should have major restrictions on what gets checked out by who.
i strongly urge you to take action to start reduce time on computers spent.
and it also made her believe in herself and want to get there and try again .
just because something is offensive to one person, does not mean it is offensive to everyone.
take to a for instance, back in that time, it was common for black people to talk slang, and common for men to curse when mad.
something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that.
the internet on computers is unsafe.
he explained his life, home, family, and parents.
this shows that she is adjusting.
computers also help yet work done.
also, research for school could not be done without the internet.
where would we be without them?
authors should be able to feel free to express there thoughts and feelings about a subject or topic in any way they like.
we logged on to google on found our direction .
this is very easy and this way you can stay close to them.
all this was caused by the setting he was in.
friends and family are extremely important in peoples lives.
recently, it has been brought to my attention that computers have a negative effect on society.
these books have been taken out of many libraries for their use of witchcraft.
this fantasy is possible you continue to use computers!
some people like that theme of the book or the story it has to it.
the teacher tough me a few lessons.
the abandoned grape juice factory is also a let down for the cyclists mental state.
they could do this in a variety of ways, including making new friends and adjusting to the area.
on a light note, they could just have an open mind so that the song, or the book, or the movie can still be sold.
the second is to be able to talk to other people on line.
people are spending way to much time on the computer.
dear local newspaper, people spend to much time on the computer.
for instance, a book on an religion.
still, censoring age specific materials is necessary in libraries.
authors choose their last paragraph for specific reasons.
perfect democracy can be achieved by educating all people in a country.
it is something that adds to the song or movie.
their career will have gone down the drain because there is no future in offending others.
therefore, i do not think it would be wise to take away music from libraries.
he gives his thanks to his parents in paragraph .
computers have been so helpful for many people with this same problem.
whether they are considered monsters or maybe even the devils offspring; our youth need influences.
she thinks she can pass it next time.
this just shows how our communities agree and disagree with each other.
my family being immigrants from another country my family.
in a way it is but it is taking away social skills that we will need later on.
if you have moved far away the computer is a good way to keep in touch with your old friends.
also, they taught him to be selfless.
businessmen and women can have meetings on the computer with programs such as .
in the end, home is about relationships rather than physical space.
i believe that there should not be censorship in libraries.
without computers you would not have and places online that give you directions.
friends & family start to know who you are less because you can' see emotion through a computer.
books of history are thought to be helpful when children are growing up.
the student body would rather watch , play video games, or text than do homework.
that is your opinion and you have all of the right to it.
in this next paragraph i will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
on the logical side of this, the more a person knows the more power one has.
so women just had a baby & she is using her computer to work online.
one way is, the setting.
you know the average teenager spends at least hours on the computers?
this will always happen and theirs nothing we can do about it.
so all in all, all of these things should be banded from the libraries for many different reasons.
finally computers play a huge part in warming because of the fact that they are so popular.
see what i mean by a negative effect?
however, is not the case.
would that not embarrass you?
he was offended by it cause his grandfather was a slave.
while searching the library, i came across a book that my mother and i felt should not of been where younger people could see.
picture for yourself you, as a year old child sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers of history, .
i am against censorship.
dear , experts are concerned about the use of computers.
taking away music is like taking away humans natural culture.
because she was to busy on the computer.
somethings people find offensive others might enjoy.
magazine and books are the basics of a library.
computer based video games can prepare you for real life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills.
she wants to take the test when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus is budding.
books have been around for centuries.
i believe that if there is something in a library that is deemed offensive by one,it is not deemed offensive by all.
now it time for you to go ahead and put this on the front page of your newspaper and let the whole world know.
any parent would tell you that they would strongly dislike the idea of their child reading something very detailed and adult like.
how else am i supposed to keep intact with my loved ones?
i want to sleep more.
computers is destroying the social life millions of people.
everything that was on was not as bad in my opinion.
then it would create a big conflict.
people want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?
not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa but you can even see them smile what children can even such as .
in conclusion yes we have had a lot of offending stuff said to us but you cant let it get you down so much you have to move on.
by taking away a book that students greatly enjoy it discourages them from reading altogether.
i urge you to support me by writing a positive article on computer and how the help the society.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that the narrator is ready.
i think the worst is liking people sign about killing people and raping kids and all this and that.
be a parent or responsible child if you are against censorship.
computers can mess up your relationships with family and friends.
until the final paragraph, the tone in the story is depressing.
getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise.
most offensive books are not boring and the action is what gets my attention and keeps me reading.
libraries are places that we refer to when we need to find historical moments, or about animals or anything else.
well on the computer you can!
however, if every piece of media that was requested to be removed was taken out, important works would be thrown away.
our founding fathers creating amendments for the people.
mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at.
is good to research for any projects, or school assignments you have.
he laughs at the irony.
then where sh bought the hibiscus.
who can say what is offensive to everyone?
just playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves.
she bought a hibiscus and went home.
the mood the author created in the memoir was appreciation.
some movies for children even have inappropriate things; they might be hidden and the child not understand, but it is still there.
would you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window?
in conclusion, people who spend too much time on their computer spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and families.
they believe the parents should tell their children about everything while they try to make it one big secret for kids.
he knew he was in the desert without water the setting makes him nervous because he was in a desert.
we have much to learn from books and we have much to offer our future members of the human race though books.
that is the authors mood in this memoir.
many magazines, books, movies, and music tell you this, and it is not true.
before computers and calculating took more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error.
a good neighbor is a blessing.
although after approaching the old factory, he came across a bait shop where his hope and energy was founded.
as like movies though they are there to provide entertainment.
one day when my mother work me, i did not feel like getting up.
i went to with a group of my cousins and their friends.
the parents gave up seeing their families, friends and careers in the country they loved.
since the conflict is solved there you pretty much have to introduce a new conflict to keep the story going so the author just ends it.
i would enjoy all my birthdays if i was that person and also my first friend.
they were the ones who let their watch that movie in the first place.
he could or been sad person.
they could even be looking for a specific book and not be able to find it because it was taken off the shelf.
he eats grass and fodder.
i think that there were many things contributing to the cyclists state at the end of the story.
when she says that her babysitter was her first friend.
it can take years off your life.
dear local newspaper, i was reading this article about computers.
online communication is a fast, simple, and effective way for people to communicate whether is at home or at work.
furthermore, be typing and reading at the same time, we have trained or eyes to do many things similar to playing the piano.
your personality also change with your social life and routine.
everyone should pull the plug on their computers for good and never turn them back on.
in this article talks about a young man named and how his life was from then and now.
when i moved to i am always typing something.
some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family.
they know more stuff then my parents, and its because now a days kids pick up on stuff a lot more easier.
another reason i do not think that we should take out book and magazines in our libraries is, not everyone is offended by the same thing.
things began well enough.
by putting those movies and those books in a separate area it gives parents the chance to teach their kids, and the kids time to grow
it does not bother you.
i feel like there is one main mood which is thankfulness made up of many different moods.
some people do not like a book by its size or by how big or small the words are.
i noticed that she tried to keep me from getting certain books and was fine with others.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that the aspect of computers and their influence on people has been brought up.
he was always happy to be around family and friends.
wide rings of sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
so she is going to be reading to prepare for when the spring comes when the hibiscus is budding then she will be budding too by passing her test.
they do not have to read these books it does not affect them.
the third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak.
our founding fathers knew this and took it with them while writing the , and now we have a that protects all our information.
so and for letting me voice my opinion!
i have cousins who live in .
the author sets many moods for the reader in his memoir from home: the blueprints of our lives.
but, other books can have mean or hateful affects on the person who is reading it.
although i do believe that people who find things offensive should just stay away from it.
with such experience computers take away time with and when i had computer, always now we never spent time with her.
computers also allow people to talk online with other people.
so this leads to my conclusion that it should not be your right to remove material from shelves that only you or group of people find offensive.
using the computer to keep touch with family is not so expensive at all!
what would the world be like if children went around with these things?
anybody ever think of that?
well, when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf?
the cyclist must have lost hope in civilization after he found abandoned examples of civilization.
i remember reading a persuasive essay and realizing that they used based language.
the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted, speed limit tells of a biking trip gone wrong.
some books be offensive in religious ways.
no one wants to settle for less or no frosting, and they should not have to.
the cyclist takes advice from some old guys and ends up wishing he never did.
or do they lose customers, and stop giving the rights of freedom of speech?
one that had the greatest impact was that it was dry and hot, and that the terrain was very rough in the desert.
i hope agree with my point of view.
there are many games out there that you enjoy.
those people are very wrong!
if you have a question about the , use .
how long do you stay on the computer?
last sunday i went to the delhi zoo with my father.
since he is talking about his family of course he is going to loving.
so they both have to weather the winter months they are not used to.
so in conclusion that is my opinion on this
last, i want to address the fact that specific libraries can carry a bad reputation if they carry this material.
he says that, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
to start with basic, some people get too obsessed with computers.
computers and other technology make the way easier.
also they help kids learn, if you keep them locked up and not knowing anything, then how far are they going to get in life?
even if it is offensive to some people.
nine out of ten people go on the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new.
mechanics use the computer to create blueprints, officers use a computer to keep track of all the license plates.
lastly, computer can make people unhealthy.
it was time for school.
video chatting, , and using social sites are very good ways to interact with people.
i know that there are so many things that could offend people.
if it was to happen to one business, then it should happen to every business and in my perspective.
he tells them short stories about the fruits.
the reader is smart enough to know what he or she can or cannot handle.
if we neglect any body part, then the whole body suffers.
she wants to overcome her sadness and plan onward not leaving her memories behind but her pain.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the rougher the terrain got the more the cyclist had to strain to make it.
said no but i need to talk to you about a book the librarian said she was way ahead of her.
let them do what they want to
my father took me there by car.
they are scared what do they do.
get out and get some fresh air.
when i say this i mean like you have a computer connect with them on the computer.
last but not least, computers have allowed us to access information like never before.
when people are at the check out desk at the library, the library could have a sheet of paper asking if the customer found a certain book offensive.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because it gives him the feeling of hopelessness.
moreover, computers be portable.
everyone in society is still going to act this way, whether you can stop your children from hearing about it or not.
yes its true computers helps you learn things you not have known before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines.
finally he reaches a bait shop and his water and refills his water and promised to stick to the map in the future.
my second opinion on why using computers are a positive effect on people because.
lastly, the author creates a mood bravery and caring.
there were many shops in a row.
the libraries is a public place that everyone has the right to go and borrow stuff from.
he was dehydrated, toned, and had lost a lot of hope after coming across all these places.
the only thing the have a some pictures, gossip, facts, and some stories that might peak your interest.
its all media and entertainment.
it should not be ruined for other people who would like to see it
i have had many worthwhile times in the library and was never once harmed or offended.
primary class children were playing with boats in the pool which serves our center court.
sports are also a good way to get outside.
what do you do when you have no book for a specific subject?
a majority of peoples' time is spent on the computer.
secondly, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
it is by the side of the
now is the time where our technology advances.
finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews.
not only does it make things awkward, but it sends out the wrong message.
there are relaxed moods to explain the feelings he had for his life and there was even harsh moods to show the tough times they went through and such.
is noting wrong with that.
the second thing on the computer, is research.
i believe that if something or someone offends you, you have the right to take a stand.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and kind for many reasons.
do you have a favorite interaction website?
but they would never say anything to the library cause they know that i will be hearing these words all the time when i get older.
this can help people understand computers.
they are required by some to enjoy a good book.
i do not believe that any material should be removed from library shelves.
i hate all these because they will make us do wrong things.
another theme is to overcome your obstacles.
a library wont immediately buy new books about it.
this caused him to lose hope and at some points he thought he was going to die.
first by subject, down to the author.
adults have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library.
even movies and music can be offensive to some people.
a parent should not have to worry about their child coming across a book or magazine containing inappropriate things such as this.
well there you have it computers are good & bad we just have to be .
first, it gives and teaches you social skills.
there is a lot of people in college now and mostly all of them have computers.
he was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face.
in return, they were respected.
as the memoir continues, the mood shifts to how grateful the author feels toward his parents.
without being noticed.
some people think this is a bad idea but i disagree.
the peacocks dance in the fields.
in basketball you should dribble and look ahead.
the censorship in libraries needs to be more strict.
it should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it.
another way computers benefit society is by allowing us to get any form of entertainment easily.
they can help you do a lot of things that others not.
they should stay away from computer for a time.
going on picnics, taking long walks, reading useful books are good leisure time activities.
in conclusion, computers are horrid for people.
unless you have the personal censorship on the younger ones.
so how are we suppose to know what offends who?
offensive things should be taken off for many reason that will be explained later on.
and you cant do that with a computer.
so instead buying newspapers or magazines most people go online to research current events.
it could of been making spread sheet, designing logos, editing someones or getting new clients.
everything around her is different and new.
the government should raise his salary and lighten his work.
however, the most prominent seasons are summer, winter and rainy seasons.
in the story all the memories of her old country encouraged her to be strong.
most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening.
they will argue that there is really no severe need for the computers to be monitored, or that they have blocked websites.
computers help us do research they keep us connected with friends and family and they are required to be used at some .
what is offensive to me not be to you.
from my experience, reading these things are honestly kind of helpful.
tower defense games make us make better decisions.
different things are offensive to different people.
the question is, are these advances for the better?
it with the flower and the flower budding will support her and give her hope.
on the internet you can connect and chat with friends.
these children eat because they have nothing better to do.
lastly, computers help us stay close to our family and friends.
dear newspaper, computers today have a negative effect on people.
libraries should just contain what they were made for: encyclopedias, dictionaries, books, and other books that can provide useful information to people.
no one even cares to screen these books before they hit the shelves.
lets get onto first point, being social.
so remember, even though computers are
once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back.
there is also morals behind them.
when looking at archetypes, spring is time of new beginning and life.
an other reason why is educational is because you can type your paper on so your teacher can actually read your handwriting.
for conclusion i would say people should stop being lazy on computers and have fun in the world while it lasted.
they have lots of websites for games.
others like teenager will do gaming or have instant messengers, which sometimes takes away from outside activities.
i think people should not use computers.
science can be man’s friend as well as an enemy.
there always controversy in our society, and almost everyone loves it.
in the where eats the apple from the tree and that is why we sin.
and you can watch live sports games from your computer.
a nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books.
i mean come on, how many college students do you see without a laptop?
so no need getting mad over it.
also, kids have fun playing these games.
and with computers, this is possible.
did you know that out of children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities?
outside the airport, there were cars and taxis.
as a country, has more obese people each decade.
now, a modern, civilized world.
my third reason is you can work on the computer.
they are useful to us in many ways.
that is why it is up to the head of the family to decide what to do about this crisis.
so in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world.
parental concern for their children is also a factor.
any time i look through the library, i come across a few books that are slightly inappropriate.
it also resembles hope, because if the plant can make it through the winter and bloom in the spring, so can she.
the mood created by the author is welcoming.
he was running out of water, the sun was beginning to beat down, and he was probably tired of pedaling.
the author was serious to the point where his family had to go through economic and personal problems.
the fact that this debate even needs to happen is sad.
all one has to do is find a site such as , type there question, and millions of answers pop up assuring a solution to the problem.
have we made the world a better place by attempting to hide a part of history?
libraries have a variety of material from books to movies.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
do you, the fair people our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe!
paragraph is all about how much the author cares about his parents and is very grateful to them.
even as adults some of them like to read in there free time.
is on page paragraph .
one of these moods were appreciative, he was appreciative that his parents made a house into a home.
we, as humans, enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make.
it is helpful, you can discover new things and much more.
many of them not be appropriate but whenever you walk into the library its almost as if they are promoting drugs, alcohol, and sex.
that is why i think the computer is .
to conclude, taking items off the shelves because they are offensive to someone would not be fair.
when we are in trouble, books stand by us and give us the right advice.
computers are also a great resource but can contain many offensive material.
on weekends, he takes us out for picnic and movies.
there is one thing about the computer that is amazing.
books are written by experienced persons who are wise and who have matured minds.
because there is no logical reason for not to have a vote on what affects them.
when people take these things harmful, they are not getting the true meaning that the author had in mind when the wrote them.
computers help us do that.
soon we will become the leader of and we will get to the decisions around.
and by hitting the key you want you are learning this.
another example of this harsh setting is when the water in his bottle feels degrees.
if parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you.
i would always be honest towards my duties and hard working.
communication through the computer is very popular.
they use the plant cause a plant will always come back and bud again.
there a books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
if another person wants to listen to music or watch a movie they should also do the same.
even though she failed the test she is still going to try again.
its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school.
by using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase.
also, make sure you eat well, food provides a lot of energy.
this should be a wake up call for those who have children.
either way it would help them be a success in their life.
if they do not want to buy or check these materials out then then they should just go to another shelf, or shop at another store.
having family come live with you till they get back on their feet.
if they had the freedom to take things, then there would be nothing for anybody to read, listen too, watch, eat etc.
you will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life.
with very little water it is hard to stay hydrated.
it also teaches us not to what these people are doing.
instant is when you are communicating with another human bean over the online web.
he seemed unsure and a little nervous.
the people were brainwashed, and those who were not rose up, and when they did they were shot down.
there was also a big crazy twist in his way.
computers also are very addicting.
because of these offensive things, there is often censorship in public places.
this is right if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries.
certain things are put there for certain people.
one person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual.
after an hour’s effort, they were finally able to control the fire.
at the green house she was looking for a specific plant to buy, which reminded her of home.
there is a reason libraries have many sections.
i am different and kind of an outcast.
first, the sun is making the cyclist hot and dehydrated.
instead of wasting your minutes talking on a phone, you can chat online.
in they could go to world or the to learn all about & how it is in a .
many facts needed for school are spread out in hundreds of books.
computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly.
no child should see those things, but if they are there anyone is going to look.
its imperative that the community takes action to stop this from happening.
you can get some weights and exercise in your room.
put a stop to this right now!
but i think that need to cut down on the use of electronics.
they are as important as the heart.
meanwhile, whether or not i prefer or differ readings of all types, i despise of any negative books.
now, people can think that computers are good for you too.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
so there are children books and there adult books.
if the library took that movie off of the shelves, they would lose business due to one person.
in the story the test was if she could overcome her homesickness.
first is the emptiness, the feeling that he is all alone.
i would let them know how i felt about a certain product in the library in a soft and calm manner.
books are written for two reasons: allowing authors to express themselves and giving readers the chance to explore and relate to the imaginations of authors.
one example is when they talk about all being a family and letting people stay.
of students at say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet.
how can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs?
the music will always have ratings, just like movies.
so watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted.
suddenly we heard a cry for help.
my opinion is that students should be able to choose what they want to read and if it is offensive to them they should stop reading the book.
everyone i hangout with is not in to freaky novels.
the hibiscus flower is viewed as a symbol of hope and a reminder of their homeland.
there for, computers have negative effects on people.
this is why libraries should not remove materials from their shelves because they are, in the eyes of some, offensive materials.
they make it easier to see their stocks, their income, and even see sale trends.
you could take any famous work and someone could be offended it because it displays something contrary to their beliefs.
it would be like having someone take out a word in the .
i hope you agree the computers do not always help society.
so he will never forget the gratitude that fills him up inside.
many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on.
you can know everything about that country without ever visiting!
but like the internet you can block things from those kids.
allowing viewers to make comments about the material could also be very helpful.
they take away and diminish time, interacting with family, and seeing the world.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit.
that what make kids think its alright when their parents do what ever it maybe.
a study shows of families that go on vacations have strong relationships.
if we could less to other serious problems.
in conclusion, you can see that i have clearly stated the benefits of computers.
the reason she said when spring comes she will take the test again symbolizes that connection of the flower to the way she lives now.
when it comes to the movies, people have their own different ratings for movies, but the state rates them whenever they come out.
some books have violence and crimes, others have love and romance.
actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people.
because it can be hurtful, dirty for younger kids and it could be prevented if they are removed from shelves.
listen to it, nothing.
did you know that people use their computers extremely often?
censorship is just a fancy term for blatant disregard of the , as freedom of speech is guaranteed for all citizens.
i hope that you and i see eye to eye in this matter, advancing computers are our friends not the enemy.
what gave them the right to decide what their people could or could not read?
the condition of the roads and not having water really affected the cyclist.
therefore, the features of this essay explain how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the computer is a very valuable too!
however, in the case of a school library, all the books of course should be age appropriate.
you always have the choice to go outside and take a walk.
the heat was also a factor quickly creating him weary and tired.
the setting led to her deteriorating health.
the story with this paragraph symbolizing a new beginning about to take place.
yes, i understand some of this material be inappropriate for a certain person but there is a way you can fix this.
computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper.
learning is a good thing for adults an children.
it gives audience to our thoughts and we are linked with the super intellect.
we know their were many hills because in the text it says.
talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill.
is also grateful for both the personally & financial struggle her parents had to go through and braving the harsh northern winters.
another reason computers are bad is because of health issues.
the postman brings us news from our friends and relatives.
using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages.
there is an answer for this, books should not be burned they are master pieces.
therefore, many different groups of people will be sharing the material in the library such as books, movies, magazines, and music.
the author concludes the story with this passage because she is using the hibiscus as an example of survival.
although there are some positive computers can be dramatic.
i rely on my computer so much that i would be lost without it and i would get half as much done.
libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences.
for example, a kid goes to see a movie that has a lot of violence in it.
unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break absolutely necessary.
all of these things support that the internet makes learning about foreign places easy.
offensive books, movie, music, and magazines should be cleared from the store.
that content might be a whole other world for a young child.
statistics show that of people that listened to the radio were in cars.
authors have just the same right as we do.
if people decided to feel offensive over stuff like that then something is wrong with them because after all these years there have been no complaints.
everyone has a different taste, just like in music.
some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working.
when summertime comes around, and the last school bell rings, you can instead research faraway places that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework assignments.
next time feel the urge to update your status with something like ' got home,' call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead.
i can understand that parents can get upset if their child is reading a book they should not be looking at.
but to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination.
the mood of this story is happy.
well in my opinion i think that they should not remove any books because people think that it can be offensive but other people be into those books.
along with having to bike up the hills he almost ran into a snake.
the author chose to end it this way since the paragraph gives a lot of hope to the reader and gives the idea of a second chance.
so that would be a good idea for people not to steal or take the books.
if you disagree with the book or whatever it be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it.
we make the start of great things with these.
an example of this would be the society in the book ' ' by .
this shows he is extremely determined.
when people think about computers the first thing they think of is games.
my other reason to you why people use websites is for messaging.
my mother blessed me.
using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed.
the computer give some one motivation.
someone who wants to can so do not take that away from the people that want to read .
do these titles sound familiar?
some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive.
instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!
the poor people have more children.
if it can be played on the radio.
another way was when he hit a fork in the road.
last example, is you can always learn something everyday from your computer, like news, weather etc.
that is where the computer can help.
once he begins his video interactive games, homework is pushed a side.
libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should be kept that way.
you should have to be a certain age to rent this movie.
advances in technology.
all in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports.
libraries contain books that tower to the ceilings, any kind, every kind.
the cyclist gets very excited when he sees this, and gets a great feeling of hope.
this quote states the changing terrain.
one of the causes is the internet.
man cuts down trees to get quick profit from them.
people drink camels’ milk.
in take home and watch.
libraries are here to help and not to hinder our learning.
children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite.
the sea helps all forms of life on earth.
who will stop the government from censoring what could be the next major masterpiece in literature?
hate sites that encourage terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web.
humans also pollute water in many ways.
however if you do, supervise them while they are there.
sat on the couch then and told me about how was in the library overhearing some of our classmates reading a book about people making fun of gays'.
i think the mood of the story is happy because the story tells about all the good times had in his house.
it is up to the parents and the way there kids will handle it.
people can also read things like newspaper online.
the books can tell you the story of peoples life, and the movies are based from the story and instead you can watch it.
it is still an open debate, but, in opinion, censorship should not be done.
well if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way.
that is a problem that the one person or group of people will have to live with.
for example, why would a person buy an object that does not seem appealing to them?
we should never fight with our friends; instead we should be polite, helpful and friendly towards everyone.
when you buy movies a lot of times people check the rating on the movie to see if it would be appropriate for their child or even for themselves.
heat, dry, flat - all are features of the setting that effected the cyclist.
dear editor, i have heard that some experts are saying that spend too much time online.
the author creates a comforting mood because he talks about his home, his family, and what he grew up with.
where no one is able to get things out.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy and up lifting.
but if we did no have this book we would be sure to expect another on our hands.
the game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done.
rap, country, or rock music.
of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic.
i think that by letting people read those types of books it help us understand and learn what happened in the passed.
the features of the settings effect the cyclist by obstacles in the settings.
in addition to, computers let you book flights, buy, tax rates.
the feeling in this article when it talks about family is love, peace, happiness, and gratefulness.
what offends someone not offend someone else.
computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people.
books that are found inappropriate to children or even teenagers should be reconsidered to be removed off shelves that are exposed to children or teenagers.
surely, you should agree that computers are great.
for example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person.
they breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen that sustains our life.
this last paragraph suggests that the tone is now hopeful.
a large number of men, women, and children were waiting for the train.
although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous.
who is to choose if the books were offensive anyhow?
but as time goes on she will learn to balance the affection she feels for both her new country and homeland.
we need to be careful about what is available to us and to the rest of the world.
it also sopped the energy out of him, further complicating his ride.
if i think that something is offensive then yes, it should be removed from the bookshelves.
someone might have wanted to get that book.
this shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else.
in doing so, the library, i believe, will become a better environment to all those who wish to access and use it.
the ratings are from ' to .'
you can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country.
also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used.
sometimes they can be a good way to relieve stress, by taking it out on a hapless alien.
over all, addiction in everything, including computers and a horrible .
everyone was in harmony with his neighbour.
the hibiscus also relates to the theme because it is able to adjust to changes.
the computer craze does not stop kids will continue not to go out side and get to have some fun.
these stories have a large role in history.
it also gives you location and dates of different events that have happened in what you are looking up.
banning books would go against what our country stands for.
every player cooperates with other player in defeating the other side.
maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person.
every special interest group wants to ban a certain type of material.
without computers, communication between others would be very hard.
if you start taking away these things, libraries are only going to become vacant.
these computer websites are allowing anyone to talk in people who could have the interest in mind.
people talk online so they can talk to there friend .
after my father leaves, i have to dress up for school.
the cyclist says were replaced by short, rolling hills.
i have notices many teens play cool games on the net.
what choice are you choosing for you life?
a policeman is a familiar figure.
i think no item should be removed from the library because many people are interested in many things.
because of the humidity, the cyclist nearly ran out of water when he had to cycle up, short, rolling hills () in the hot weather.
i think the answer is yes, as long as it offends more than a few people.
some of us need those kind of books in order for us to do our research and projects!
most libraries are divided up into different sections, there is a section for adults, teens, and children.
we are also taking away books that interest a child.
this is why, i believe the author of winter hibiscus ended with the specified paragraph.
i hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary.
it not seem like harmful material at first glance, but your opinion change when your customers come back angry and frustrated about what they read and saw.
people having the right to take any book off the shelf would be unfair for the people.
so go ahead and expand your knowledge!
not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on.
there are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse.
for movies they tell you things like ', ' and other things like that.
the answer is that they can'.
sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer.
that is what keeps us interested in what we are doing.
now, everyone knows his name and listens to his music.
people like to listen to music on their or while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it.
libraries should take surveys of what everyone wants.
many people dislike certain materials because of their content.
are many reasons we should not censor public media.
the large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers.
they believe that the words of the artists and authors shows feelings and have messages hidden within words of vulgarity, which is where i stand on the situation.
hobbles, thirst and fear were all behind me.
for many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects.
magazines are a different subject.
the author talks about the love and respect everyone had for each other in that community.
many books in the library systems today contain foul language.
in my own opinion, computers are great addition to our world.
all these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers.
you should take it up with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section.
well, if you are, i believe that should not be in front of that computer all day.
being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go.
when it comes to computer they have saved many people life.
as this paragraph shows internet and computers open more then ever before.
you can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies.
finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible.
think of it in your own perspective.
many people that do not have computers depend on the library.
that certainly does not benefit society.
we have even reached the moon and left our !
introducing computers could mess up that fact even more.
they could us that money and buy better books and at a lower price.
would exercise everyday after work for two hours.
a different parent might come in and think that the book will be great for their child though.
he should grow into a good citizen, with a great admiration for everything good in life.
so that why computers help out so much in this lifetime.
i believe the mood of the memoir is happy and enlightening.
first the weather will affect the cyclist because in hot weather you lose a lot of water and you sweat a lot making it hard to pedal.
it can also help them in anything they want to do.
this is because of all the friends, family, and celebration.
not all of them are for the eyes of every person out there.
if people want to read a certain magazine or book that offends a large sum of people, then they should go somewhere besides a library to find it.
the freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people.
computers allow people to talk to online with other people.
people say advances in technology believe that computers have an effect on people in such a way of saying.
i would say a vote would be reasonable because many people have many different beliefs, in which some could be offended.
dear , i think that computers have a negative affect on us!
i know you will agree with me when i say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life.
i bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating.
whether those reasons are for education or for recreation, the libraries have reasons for them.
most movies, magazines, music, and books are considered offensive to at least one person in this world.
her mother never wanted to talk about him because, she knew that this way only going to make matters worse.
he clearly is very grateful for his family, and had a happy childhood.
led him to listening to a metal band called ' .'
he will abuse of you or kill you.
more importantly, how many different races are there here in , or even all around the world?
this shows that they appreciate its similarity to the old hibiscus.
instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone that could be miles away.
this would make her feel strong and focused.
computers are an amazing technology to life.
computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends!
if everything offensive were to be taken away, what would be left?
there are some books that some people find so offensive that they can not even continue to read the rest of the book.
as you can see, computers are incorporated into our daily lives.
it is happy because the author gives the reader a great explanation and description of his life at home.
i have seen plenty of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie.
google gives you answers to anything.
school sites are available for students of some studying or help.
in the middle of no where that is a problem.
as i said before people should spend less time on computer.
think about this, maybe you should just have your kid under control and watch what they read.
then he is a very easy going person.
this tests and quizzes.
it seem as if viewing, reading or listening to something violent or explicit, would have an effect on the listener.
by these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies.
dear of , you know that eight out of ten homes in have at least one computer if not more?
some are worried about spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent that.
if people spend hours on the computer it will result in bad eye sight.
this symbolizes hope because the girl is realizing that it is going to take time before she can adapt to her new country but eventually she will.
all kind of books should be in the library no matter what in my opinion.
so i hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what i think.
if a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there.
libraries are made for the community and the people in it, not just one person.
since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working form one can hurt your vision.
as a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online?
the reasons why i agree with computers have benefits is that.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
the winter hibiscus is related to her new home but when winter is gone and new hibiscus came they relate to her new home.
first, computers take time away from hobbies and friends.
computers effect families everyday lives by giving them online educations.
in conclusion, i do not believe that things such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from library shelves anywhere.
() her mother is trying to tell her she can be strong also.
most teacher prefer the essay typed and not written.
the dryness was a huge problem during his journey.
in this book, , the main character and eventually the protagonist, a firefighter that cause fires instead of putting them out.
computer seem helpful but of they are a great way to research for reasons.
they are the ones who should tell teach them right from wrong.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show determination.
sometimes it gives the book character and makes the story more real to the reader, but in other cases the reader be offended.
libraries censor some material because of violence or inappropriate material.
if i find something very offensive in a store or online i should have the right to voice my opinion, and that opinion should be taken seriously.
books are meant for learning and for pleasure not to try to offend anyone.
they are the ones who he eats with, plays with and etc.
in , we have freedom of speech, the freedom to write or animate to express any belief we choose.
some one might say people are spending too much time on their computer.
the author has many moods in the memoir.
but think about a library and then imagine a computer.
computers help out by making possible to get all the info you want, like for a trip.
the computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise.
dear , in a recent poll it was determined that of have used or come in contact with computers.
like the author said if everyone was able to take something off of the shelves there would not be anything left.
the computer is all about fun, you have millions of websites you can go on.
but also i think that parents or an adult should look at the criteria first before they allow a child to read or see it.
just think if they would have censored those ideas.
in this part of the story it proves that the cyclist is out of water.
the world of books can be an escape from the world they live in.
computers take away peoples' free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness.
clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives.
my father takes us to the amusement park whenever he gets time off from his work.
the rolling hills in the story also affect the cyclist.
when it comes down to it people are just going to have to get over not having their way, because they want a book removed from the shelf.
there is a great rush at the school canteen.
that is why the author ended it like she did.
people enjoyed perfect happiness without fear or sorrow or disease.
computers not only let students write reports; they also allows them to save them for future uses.
but they go to the and for the thing they have to away.
some even give computers to kids so they can use it to study.
if you think books should be censored, then think about this.
apart from his studies, my brother is much interested in sports.
each and every citizen has the right to read whatever they please to.
but thanks to computers life is one step easier if someone had a science project.
also it lets people interact with people around the world.
they take their food and rush to the water taps.
all of them are white.
a snake charmer is a common sight to indian villages.
people could see where something is, locate it, or learn about the place.
she sit and thought is that just a little to much to ask for.
people can gain the effects of laziness, little brain effort, and lose interaction with the outside world.
one feature would be the terrain around him.
some things that we read, see, and hear are just going to be offensive, and we cant control everything that offends us.
the youth is what is going to be running this country when we are old.
finally, computers are great for learning a new language.
people could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about.
that is how the mood is set.
those rooms would be for the books that are easily questionable for younger children.
the features of the setting affected him in that sense.
some people are going a little bit too far when it comes to older teens.
millions of spend countless hours with their eyes glued to ', and monitor screens.
these are the reasons that the author ended with that paragraph rather than some other paragraph
but if your were to take away ever book someone found offensive there would be hardly any books left in this world.
no child needs to be put under a bad influence.
if you can ban my words, then i can ban yours and we have both lost our voice and our chance at somehow brightening the future.
so, should we take them off the shelves?
however, that is life and there will always be something come up in your life that you should not witness or be apart of.
coming to it in many shapes and forms.
you have the freedom to pick out the book.
i think people should not spend so much time on the computer.
that is how the settings of the story play role in the cyclist epidemic.
this could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they become violent or depressed.
my final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers.
some people just sit around all day playing games and being lazy.
computers can give many chances for exploring education.
i think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computers.
that paragraph sums up the message of determination and overcoming obstacles.
the internet can be useful in everyday life.
instead he just saw the same rusty color of dirt and the occasional snake.
it is used to show a spirit in the girl.
id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst,.
the sections are split into children , teens , and adults .
having things to remind her of home and the house that she lives at now can help her a lot in being confident in herself.
he cares less for his books and more for his clothes and hairstyle.
did the bell ring in the middle of a conversation?
to some, having this much freedom causes great things to happen.
removing material from the shelves make some people happy, but it would also take away items that many people find enjoyable.
in the story it says, i toiled on.
if the library was privately owned then the owner could decide to put whatever books they wanted into it and censor whatever books they wanted to.
computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book.
that is just what i thank.
if a child does something wrong, he is generally excused.
music on the radio, television shows, or the internet is all censored.
they hypnotize the young children and adults.
also, people should be able to speak their minds.
they let him listen to his own music, and watch he wanted.
yes like the writer said the world is a fluid place.
you would probably wonder why such a thing would happen.
second the material can speak of the race as if was bad.
people have a right to do what makes them happy.
without this right no one would be able to express their views.
how would you feel about your children reading about stuff like that?
the users be over very quickly.
the man who makes furniture using wood is called a carpenter.
i believe that everyone has the right to choose what book should be banned form their children,but not from the public.
that is what everyone loves to hear and makes the mood hope that the whole nation will act like that.
many books offend people because they are not in agreement with their morals or beliefs.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
they are things we must learn about, so we do not repeat them.
are many different web sites to go on and talk to friends and family.
we get milk mainly from cows and buffaloes.
such as slavery, the taking over the , and a lot of our world history.
they will also help us to invent more technology so that one day we can live on or something.
if the book is based on true events nothing should be censored.
the computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can stay in touch.
dear , in my opinion i think we should use computers.
it is always good to be able to contact anyone who is wanted.
she fastened me in and off we went, back to the library.
those people now rudely look down on them.
like for lots of people have college for people who did not.
my sister has a computer in her bedroom and i barely see her at all.
censorship should not take part in any library.
if you were head of the library what would you do.
what i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something.
life already has enough distractions in it, why add another distraction?
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
if things like this continue our planet will become mindless zombies will no personal opinions.
you can even buy the game systems.
sometimes, in order to understand a major world event, such as the death of , have to understand the violence and forces that were used.
he said, this was troubling, it was very hot and he had been drinking his water pretty often.
it says,in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
the students in schools today are the future leaders of the world.
the mood in the passage is .
the familiarity of the plant comforts her and will allow her to build up the courage to take the test again.
the cyclist settings hinder him in the essay rough road ahead.
he read the passage, and his eyes went wide.
say you gotta old kid, and he walks up to you carrying a sex love book.
people might not get what certain materials want you to do, but they get offended and tell someone about it.
pick wrong from right, all up to you.
but the last thought a child would have is if the literature their reading is offensive or not.
i think that the great outdoors is the way to go because needs some exercise rather than spending time in the computer.
it allows you access to websites that help you talk to new and dd friends.
not every single child in is going to be protected from bad materials.
finally there is no water around.
and if you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world.
they might not like it or do somethings towards them in there lifetime but, they have to live with them.
when you want to surf the web to find a nice vacation spot, you should really just visit that place.
these ratings help censor things to a certain extent.
prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and cam impact lives in a bad way.
if they are constantly listening to foul language and what not, that is going to just stay into a persons mind.
from the authors tone, it is clear that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist.
in fact computers help us out a lot.
they think they have to dress like an adult and act like one too.
computers can help with a lot of things.
i looked in books days and find.
there are many features of the setting that effect the cyclist.
the lioness does the most of the hunting.
i am years old and i go to a in called .
a study has shown that of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school.
to whom it concern: i will agree that computers have caused many people to spend less time outside.
these girls knock our confidence down.
kids believe most of what they watch in movies.
the man was no one in sight not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
ducks were swimming in the ponds.
last, but not least would be .
a lot of things are done by computers, computers also prevent you from wasting money on books because you could just google it.
i hold the power to choose the books i read and the responsibility to choose the books best suited for my age and maturity level.
if you censor all the books in the libraries then some students would be in trouble on projects they need those kinds of books for.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
people could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer.
without computers, everyone would not be able to get the education that they have a right to.
the main reasons why we should not show censorship in libraries are a loss of insight, books, and personal creativity.
the author created the mood of happiness that the authors parents went through such struggle, but in the end everything turned out fine because they have family.
now and days you will see plenty of people on the computer and not spending time with there family.
if the road is filled with hills getting up those hills is difficult.
unable to bear the smoke i moved away fast.
adults and children are becoming smarter each day.
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right.
the author is showing the reader that even though they might not be family by blood, they still treat each other as if they were.
on my desktop computer at home.
he came to an abandoned grape juice factory and hung his head.
the second reason is you can learn about far away places and people.
if everything was censored we would really have nothing to read or to watch.
usually, this game requires very tall players.
in fact, about of computer say that over a using a computer.
do you believe certain books should be removed from the shelf because they are offensive?
whether it or , or whether its or all are a great way to communicate with people.
thirdly, there is many more options and sites to choose from.
these skills be needed in their job field.
the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph because it conveys the theme of the story, adjusting to changed in life.
growing realization that l could drop from heatstroke this shows that he was tensely aware that he could die from the suns might.
the computer sped up this process.
last, is the freedom of speech of the author of the book.
soon, though the terrain changed.
so please read this carefully and i hope what i have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things.
everyone finds different things offensive.
while this be true for some people it is not true for .
its practically the same as using a disguise.
in the quote she mentions how if what every single person finds offensive is removed, eventually nothing is left.
they are also avoiding nature outside, and losing contact with family and friends.
if interested in something they will go out and seek information for it if the adult does not provide proper information to what is asked.
every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or .
so basically its a waste of money.
this goes for anything else like furniture, instruments or even cloths.
money he earned he bought books and learned to read and write.
there are many reasons this paragraph is included.
they can teach people many things.
but there are so many benefits of a computer.
they either put a person down and be completely negative towards them, or they are positive and say nothing but good about them.
they can however now just get them on the go.
movies are in the same boat as music.
the cyclist was hoping for a way out of the misery he had come across.
for example, in we just finished reading the book ' of .'
i, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own.
that being the first time ever being on that rode and having only not of date knowledge about it made the cyclist rework.
every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone.
if you buy a computer your life would be more relaxing.
they are being rated , suitable for all ages, , suitable for children and older, and rated , suitable for people and older.
in the memoir the mood created the author in the memoir.
of the shelf of a library, or anywhere else those items are displayed.
killing the layer the are much more powerful, hurting people.
books give us the inspiration to do great things.
if we try to explain it, we soon get lost in our words.
there is no such thing as a perfect world, i believe if there was people would go crazy.
they can make you uncomfortable.
the author chose to end the story in this way because it effectively ties in different aspects and principles of the story.
they are good because you can learn things educational.
just keep reading you never know how the story might go on.
just to make the other person feel better?
what would are lives be without them?
in the story there are many affects the cyclist deals with.
so, now because of our computers i could catch up on the work that i missed that day of school.
really opened up my eyes and i am extremely happy i read .
i know you be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries.
this however, is not acceptable.
that could easily go wrong if children, teens, etc take it more than just a movie.
technology be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and be the best one that will ever be made.
just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone.
there were also rope-dancers and magicians.
having applications released that connect people over the computer devastates the reason to leave your house.
this is very convenient.
after these things come to try and adapt to ways of life.
people have different opinions about what is offensive to them and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same.
lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function.
that is why the libraries are divided into sections for the age groups.
those are my details to support my reason.
the things that should be censored are a very small percentage and it is not worth the risk.
it was once said ' you can not know your present without knowing your future.'
my last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family.
all libraries are broken down in sections.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
of are employed as of , and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open.
to this very day people have become very addicted to computers.
to , eating or hurting cows in anyway is a complete disgrace.
people interact a thousand times a day on the computers.
statistics show that of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack.
the kids have that right to learn our very own history and some people want to take that away.
someone else is probably writing this essay with the total opposite response to this prompt.
finally, computers can save paper by replacing books.
the author of winter hibiscus purposely had that last paragraph in there.
so it has been here over years it going away.
the terrain begins to feel like more of a hill, which makes the struggle even worse.
growing children learn all kind of stuff from parents, book and from other medias.
you want people to be over weight?
in a culture like the one we have , censorship usually takes the back seat.
dear : have you been sent a photo of a year old child with no clothes on?
should there be censorship in libraries?
that is why the mood for this memoir was appreciation
some newspaper have websites you can read the paper without actually paying for the paper this saves you money and was less paper we can save trees.
yes, there are books out in libraries that are offensive to a group of people, but that does not mean take that material out of the library.
by banning books, you are not being yourself you are conforming to what other people want.
in the story, it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
i couldn’t believe the characters i saw.
the final and most popular way is video chat.
then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page.
my attitude will go farm.
thank you for listening
by keeping such materials shown or on display, cause children to engage in dangerous or unsafe actions.
for example, i know of many online colleges.
so why even have authors write something offensive in their books?
if we were to take such books that offend someone out of our libraries, what would we have left?
when you take away materials that some people use to learn, you take away their ability to learn.
i think that there should be an age policy for libraries.
like i have stated before, there should not be any censorship in libraries at all.
there once was a young girl, fourteen or fifteen, who loved to read and listen to music.
there is no problem if you go on for an hour a day maybe more, but to long is not good.
however, everything that exists in society could be offensive to someone.
this is what i think the authors mood is in the memoir.
he feels that this is one of the reasons his childhood house was turned into a home.
once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report.
above all, i think that everyone should check out books in their appropriate age section
the internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures.
therefore, i do not believe that libraries should have to censor the books that are supplied for the citizens to check out.
people around the world but you would think that anybody would play video game on the computer and have free time?
television is basically the same for movies.
giving people facts about faraway places.
the librarians will not take books off the shelf for one persons opinion.
then not as many people would be offended and they would not have any problems with letting their children pick out books on their own.
celebrating traditions and coming together as a family created a loving mood.
school work is a very important thing in teenagers lives, and i feel that when they are in school they should stay focused on schoolwork and activities.
considering this, the apps are very useful.
nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of love oceans with pink sand.
now, it is seen as one of the most famous works in literature.
everyone does have a right to say their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informational facts in articles or movies either.
wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source.
online also helps because you can pay bills to gave bank and it overall saves a trip to the bank & a waste of gas.
it shows a sense of determination.
everyone should get a large variety
the author also gives the feeling of hope that they one day will return home.
having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything.
researching topics is not the only way to get false information.
so did you start to agree with why people should get active outside and have fun.
although, can also to one or the bad things about computers, which is that people spent to much time on the them.
lets say you play baseball and you forgot what time your game is.
thus, i urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it.
in more general terms, the grants freedom of expression.
first of all, computer are very helpful with typing skills.
everyone who goes to a library should have everything to there needs.
it is a very bad thing to have at a public place, and that should not be aloud.
the author had literally put himself into the memoir as i read.
libraries enough restrictions and rules on their books and movies based on the persons age
many families across the globe use computers, whether their from , all the way to the deserts of .
by her taking the test again in the spring it is symbolizing that she is ready to start test just like the hibiscus that is going to bloom.
the author most likely concludes this story with the quote because she has renewed hope.
so is going on the computer really so bad?
&the hibiscus was the thing to make her happy.
shouts your computer.
this makes kids unaware and curious to figure out the truth.
it what you wants no need.
instead kids are sitting in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails and such.
censorship is wrong for this very reason.
one mood was and friendship.
it is important that people are aware of what their children are seeing.
what path would you take
the mood created by the author, in my opinion, is a happy mood.
they also help us as a community to try and stay clean.
before he got to the fish camp the cyclist saw no one and was becoming dehydrated.
my reasons being people are spending to much time on their computers, less time exercising, and lose interacting with family and friends.
you have to watch out for magazines too.
almost everyone who has a gets a blast surfing the internet.
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
the books in libraries across the that have found and profane ideas in them, is one of the direct faults in our teenagers today.
she concludes the story saying when the geese come back in the spring, she will take the test again.
the time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not.
without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper.
reading is an important thing and whether or not the reader likes it, they will come across one that offends them.
in this case, the author wanted to express joy in her writing.
also, pictures on the computer help, too.
parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started minutes ago.
some are about subjects we love and could read about for days.
nobody made her watch , she chose to watch .
now i am going to tell you how everyone has computers.
these books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading.
stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends.
therefore, i conclude that if any books, music, movies, or magazines are found offensive they should remain on the shelves.
wasting minutes is wasting money.
dear , minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing?
i believe that the effects a computer has on a person, are good effects.
all these reasons and more are why i believe that computers benefit our society.
you can learn about different countries, people, or even the recipe of apple pic.
i, personally, can not stand rap music but my sister loves it.
would you like to be on the computer and throw away your life.
i see people sometimes reading a book and listening to music.
spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body.
also, you learn to be nice on computers.
it brings to the surface the evil side of human nature.
it was also a way to end the story in a good note.
when a book appears so controversial to the point where the majority of people disapprove of it, then the book usually is taken off of the shelves.
as time passed, professional wrestling began to welcome in beautiful women into their business.
the way i look at it as i see is that to much is bad so i think spending some time on it is good do you agree?
finally, the lack of water has a huge effect on the cyclist.
books, movies, and magazines should be allowed to stay on the market even when they include explicit material.
no one should have to worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge.
makes it clear that the passage is written with gratitude.
is a little bit different with a student though.
the computer also has websites on the internet that are used in schools.
everybody all over the world knows that the favorite food of the cat is the rat.
or use it to plan vacations.
he was running out of water in the desert.
he takes the help of p. t. teachers too.
one way is that when you are online and you see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click.
here are statements on why i believe this.
without these books our history of the world will be soon forgotten.
i believe that we should not have the right to be able to do this.
computers also help with keeping in touch with friends and family.
the author looks back on all the good times had as a kid.
for example, near the end of the essay the cyclist is already exhausted and hopeless but then sees a building over a hill.
third is its taking away authors money and point of view.
yet, the real question is; about our children?
secondly, computers are harmful because they lead to less time being with real people.
my neighbour’s twelve year old son is a cripple.
travelling makes us see things, people and places with our own eyes.
the second reason why i am against keeping computers around is because they are too time consuming.
the game goes for adults that love jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else.
i think that computers help people in there everyday lives.
they would probably even carry a book perhaps on hats.
this quote shows that he is happy.
just go on your favorite search engine and search your topic.
is it right for some parents to ban books from schools and libraries?
that means that you need to know how to work with computers to get a job which can be.
i hope i got my point across that they are bad.
also it would be the best choice.
one time i did that and eyes felt weird after getting on the computer.
she also spent on a plant because it remind her of back at home.
all they care about is their own family.
the would have full control, and knowledge would not be blossoming in the schools.
dear , people like computers, a known fact.
further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining.
they say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker.
finally why i believe so is that computers helps you understand and learn more about life.
which has been proven by news.
eventually the world will have no art left, because those few people chose that it was not suitable for everyone.
our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed, rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward.
the stones he found on the ground, helped keep his mind off the thirst.
do we take it off the shelve and tell the sorry?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
whenever you need it.
in history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to to get away from their ruler.
milk is a nutritious food for young and old alike.
they sit on old moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike the people enjoying the butterfly gardens and wildlife preserves.
i think she ends the story that way because she really does want to try again.
they all brought gifts for me.
we want to keep it away from them so that in the future, they know not to use it.
that even though you left your family, friends, jobs everything is okay because you are with each other.
you have a project for school and you need the right information.
i totally agree with this.
it will show that a large part of the earth is covered with seas.
just because, a person does not appreciate their child picking up a book they should not have.
they undergo intense training before they join the army as soldiers.
they treated me as an outsider.
the author this mood with his quotes that puts in.
the same should go for a library.
the schools, and ask them questions.
but you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you.
i know that now and understand it now what they wanted for me.
from the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips.
these books were penned to educate our civilization.
though the users think there is nothing, negative about using the computers but there is.
they help us in a lot of way and they also help us find new friends and new updates.
then readers would demanded that we leave their books alone.
without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them.
people should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer.
we were just her about an hour ago, but you want to know the funny reason we are back.
if more people cared for nature then global warming would not be an issue.
without the , the is just like any other country and has no direction.
please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens.
we make our students come involved in technology.
however, it has kept kids inside instead on the streets causing trouble.
that person can inspire another person.
schools like mine have over a hundred computers but they are only used for education.
not everyone has the same views and morals, what be considered appropriate for some people , be viewed differently by other cultures or religions.
that if you do something that make them feel better that would be really good to them.
i have known who have been censored all there life, and when they learn about all they cant even handle .
we all decided to stay inside the house.
i truly believe that the planet would be better with out computers.
so, now do computers help people learn more about our earth?
when you think about it, our country would be no where without these spectacular devices.
learning about their language and habits comes from books.
although i see where others come from about removing these kinds of materials from shelves.
stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations.
for example, walking the dog, or kicking the soccer ball around.
for these following reasons: people stop exercising and being fit.
this tells the people had to stay strong through hard times.
, he sees a building up ahead and discovers that its a walrus grape juice factory.
four out of five people each year are losing interest in going outside to play.
the mood creates is that where you find the good in a life where there might not be too much good.
you want kids to be over weight like i was?
they keep friend ships close, give you a reason to exercise, and can teach you anything!
by condemning the book, one condemns the author.
they also give people facts about faraway places.
if that is taken away, they might have a different understanding of how things really are and have different expectations of things.
there is a simple answer to this question.
also, the sun beating down on him made his body more warm and making it harder for him to focus on what he was trying to do.
libraries are a public place that should be taken seriously.
every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like.
last, that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about.
i think that things that are bad should be removed from the selves and placed some where else.
the bible is considered to be one of the oldest books in the world and is still in print.
computers are great.
take my story for example.
with all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us.
hills take a bigger toll on a persons body because it takes more effort to pedal up a hill.
i then eat breakfast with my parents.
the bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them.
this made him hotter than he ???
censorship in libraries i know as well as everyone else does, that you can find almost anything, reading related, in the library.
please heed the following advice.
thinking of a supreme power beyond all human inadequacies, elevates our mind, gives strength and peace.
the second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home.
you can do all of that stuff if you just get off the computer.
things like this will probably happen, and the kids will land up getting in trouble for not having the assignment turned in which is not even their fault.
the powerful words he uses in the last two paragraphs puts the memoir into a mood of love and perhaps even sadness.
in my years of reading i have read a few books that were questionable.
in conclusion, computers are modern devices and you are going to have to live with it.
so the reader, watcher or listener would wait for more, and by the music, book, or movie.
most of it had to do with how grew up and was born into a family who had just finished their hardships of getting int .
see libraries have many things to do.
a lot of computers are connected to the interact where you can find anything!
therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer.
how would you feel if you wrote a story about your life, and someone found it offensive, so the took the book off of the shelves?
through those phases kids learn from various sources including negative ones.
due to the fact that different books are intended for different age groups, libraries have different sections filled with a variety of authors.
once, when i was visiting the library, there was a man in the check out line, right before me.
they sometimes have to endure extreme climates.
another book, song or music that should be taken off the shelf should be ones that have violence.
a good idea is to separate the books, put the ones that seem offensive in the back.
i think we need literature on this because i feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it.
the library where i live has sections for children, teens, and adults so that is no confusion or concern of the content of the book.
she gains determination through the reminder of this.
dear post, i have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives.
it is his own writing style.
company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and them.
one reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet.
well, i honestly think that at least two or three people should comment on it being inappropriate or offensive, before it is actually taken off the shelf.
my second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people.
people offensive by libraries i think that libraries are sometimes offensive,but not all the time.
you can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years.
machines are a very bad influence on people.
this boy was jim who had been running away from master.
if you agree with me i thank you.
but this does not mean that that work should be banned!
to a is a classic example of this.
he was thirsty that he put stones in his mouth to keep him from thinking about water.
maybe a kid forgot his homework, he can go to his school website and find it.
right now people should be proud to be who they are and not scared of things like that.
my friend was one of the captives of the computer.
thank you for taking the time to read my opinion.
computers take time away from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
i stated my reasons why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
also, certain materials that some people find offensive have little to no offensiveness to many other people who enjoy the book or movie.
for example football keeps your legs strong and built.
i always keep sending words wrong.
we throw away a moving song because of its lyrics.
i urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late!
this conclusion of the story provides a sense of hope for the future.
get up, get active and go outside.
when you use a computer it is completely free.
there are certain sights like and where we can interact with other people.
well i would like to state my opinion if that is good with you.
lead to civil war between the northern states and the southern states.
i find that need taking a step back and arguing both sides is sufficient and fair.
we are not forced to read that book or listen to that song or look at the magazine.
colours in a person’s attire reflect his personality.
first, people spend less time exercising.
lastly, everyone reads on the internet about warming but why do we not take action!
the library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination.
so people that disagree should act now so libraries can stay how they are now
a similar thing to this is instant messaging.
another danger computers have, is anything posted on the internet can be accessed by almost anyone.
the outcome of that is success.
his route was deserted, so nobody could help him.
dear , i was growing up in my small little neighborhood, life could not have been more simple.
so overall, he made what could have been a depressing story, have an upbeat and happy mode.
music you love be offensive to me.
a library is a public library just like the internet is public too.
they are showing the violence that people only have in their head.
they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school.
one is based in with training to be a hero.
as you can see computers are only going to get better.
when she gets the chance.
it is always enjoyable to me.
people are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk.
i understand that the parents want their children to be supervised, but removing the books, movies and songs is not exactly the answer.
the mood of the author in the memoir are grateful and thankful.
music that teenagers listen to they already know what most of the songs are talking about so why offer only censored music at libraries?
he is healthy and strong.
the last feature that affected the cyclist was all of the hills in his road.
has brought them closer together and made them better friends.
this is just ridiculous.
in conclusion, you could see that computers benefit us in many ways.
by censoring the word from text, people were, in a way, covering up the history of the .
you work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some.
i do not think it bothers anybody by what other people are doing there, if it is not bothering them it should not bother anybody else.
generally once a year.
below, i will explain each reason.
also, talks about how caring her parents were when they opened there doors to family that needed a place to stay until they got back on their feet.
he needs to get up and move around.
the landscape changes with the state of water.
many best selling books would be wrong for children to read, but they would be perfectly fine for adults.
the winter hibiscus could still survive even though it was not in the land where it belonged.
some are even unfit for young eyes.
perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education.
others join them after finishing their lunch.
this also sets the mood of the story because they are talking about a loving relationship the mood that the author set during the story was love.
the physical effects of the cyclist because of the settings all apparent throughout the story.
computer like i said are sometimes bad like people and it also like a drug.
there for, computers are time consuming & should not be used.
in a way books are both bad and good.
there are plenty of reasons someone want to do this.
what could be wrong with that?
many more jobs are being created because of this technology.
no, it should not be removed.
being obese is terrible for your health.
my mom also uses the computer to go on .
this happens more often than you think.
if speed is what you need, then you will look for a computer.
anywhere in the world?
therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology.
the mood created by the author in the was both loving and .
it allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and to stay up to date with the latest local and global news.
surveys shows that of the kids who study on the computer pass there test and get a higher grade percentage +.
people live in all parts of the world, and those that are lucky get to meet a lot of people from different places in the country.
that was when the cyclist began to notice his fear of dehydration.
so they will choose to maybe find offensive materials.
but, you most likely are going to need a credit card.
you can do researching, say in touch with friends and family, and do a lot with music.
are they good or are they bad?
it is much easier to transfer files digitally than actually sending a paper copy.
i define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something due to personal views rather than for the good of the sheltered person.
it always is a terror that falls violently.
dear editor, i hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good.
so after reading this i hope you understand why my opinion is what it is.
the charm is enhanced many folds.
you might even find a lady bug.
the mood of this duration is very warm and happy.
one of these is the feature of setting.
looking for some place to enjoy nature & it.
right now she be sad and scary, but she knows that things will work out, and she will be fine.
another reason why they have these connections its probably because its a better way to see one another if you live in different parts of earth.
if you find any material offensive then maybe you should think in your head of ways to make an argument to prove the authors that they are wrong.
the computer is simply a way for kids to get in trouble.
you never know what new technology could bring.
if most people are upset by something, it will probably start disappearing from sight.
have you ever had this problem?
the internet provides them with directions for them on how to reach their destination in a quick and efficient manner.
every human is entitled to freedom of speech.
when people overuse the computer they can impact their education.
the narrator is explaining what courage it took for his parents to make such an adjustment for the sake of his own happiness.
hacking was become a world wide sport.
people use the internet to help them.
computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer.
computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives.
however, some books not be entirely appropriate to certain people.
you can learn a lot from computers.
one topic that seems to get everyone going is censorship.
dear newspaper, i think that using your computer too much is bad.
young children can be very loud and energetic.
anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone.
people need to get outside and go jogging, play games or ride their bikes.
that is why i go against taking books out that are not favored by others.
the children buy ice-cream, toys, sweets, and candies.
i understand that leaving these types of books out for children to read could cause a problem, but libraries are usually set up in sections.
he took the help of another bus driver.
if you someone else they might not know the answer.
it seems that when the geese return and the hibiscus buds it will give her hope and confidence.
leave that choice to .
why do they do this?
if every article of entertainment were to remain on the shelf in the library, everyone would be happy.
but if nobody is stepping on your toes, and getting under your skin you wont ever change.
when he first begins his trip, the road is fine, so he becomes confident.
he creates a setting that many people can relate to because of the general feel of family and heritage.
we also use milk to make yogurt, cheese, cream, and chocolates.
or if a student has to do research for an essay she can find the information easily on the computer.
the can help a student pass school.
using computers, people can gather data from others and create new inventions to help the world.
i have read many books that are both offensive in ways and other books about knowledge and intelligence and their is no difference.
if this is a library no, but if it is a library, yes.
if mother has casual leave, then she waits.
more and more teachers are using computers to help us learn.
do you think we should have censorship in our libraries?
there are various cycle sports at national and international level.
as a , i doubt you say that research is a negative affect on school kids.
very beautiful sight.
it takes risks to guard our house.
the author probably ends the story like that because it creates a sense of hope and wonder.
a place people can go to escape the world and stick their head into a book.
burglaries, robberies, and internet access can lead to chaos.
of people who have to much going life believe that they.
the setting of the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit effects the cyclists physical and emotional attitude.
there are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives.
i believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons.
they are comfort, love and sacrifice.
strive to help them.
she found that the condition of the wounded was hopeless there.
maybe some others do like them and like to read them.
but at the same time we need to learn when we have had enough time on the computer.
i think it should be anybody business than the person checking it out.
libraries cannot just throw out books because they offend someone.
it all just depends on the family.
the person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not.
my final reason, kids get tired from being on the computer for so long.
i mean we know the books that kids are not supposed to read but parents let kids read them.
what is a government for?
then there is the man much torture.
my opinion is when you have to for a test, quiz or anything if can become boring.
say there are materials that are not suitable for children so they grab it and started reading.
in all, i believe that everybody should have the ability acquire whatever material they want from a library.
there is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, when you could do it in person.
the lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there.
dear, , name is and i am a students in middle school.
he thinks it sounds amazing to drink.
she decided to retake the test.
so when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer.
he takes the letters and other circulars from the principal to the teachers.
the computer helps us learn about other places in the world.
so even toward all these negative affects he still managed to come to positive.
something that commonly said.
the most important thing was bringing family and strong relationships into the house making it an actual home.
which makes it more entertaining than a book.
computers play a big role in society today.
it works most of the time and children also see that.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and loving mood.
because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families.
they control what does and does not enter their house.
i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink.
then all you have to do is press print to get a hard copy.
the author explains how he has been telling his parents of how much more courageous their plan was then his would have ever been.
the fast response is what is helping rebuild from the rubble.
my cousin is in college right now and i always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing.
yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person.
of course, anyone can get the notion to do something from anything they read but that is how they interpret it.
hostel life has its own charm.
this shows that he has a genuine appreciation for what they did.
it provides numerous shows and articles, with a huge array of topics.
they might ask a lot of questions the parents might not even have the answer for.
should the children of today be deprived of the truth?
i, however, believe that these materials should not be taken off of the shelves and be put out of reach of our youth, or adults.
that way you are happy and so is everyone else.
if you put bad things in your mind that is all you will begin to think about and it will become a part of your life
the bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends.
it helps you at work for a job and at school.
reading things and them getting offensive is a totally different thing.
it allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want!
that is why i think the mood is love.
people want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world.
children are very naive at a young age.
our world has been increasing in the drug use of teens and adults, also the pregnancy rate of teens has went up dramatically in the past few years.
this is what will happen if people spend to much time on the computers.
for example, if you were writing an important document or sending an email to your boss about work and your computer suddenly crashes, would you be upset?
my three arguments are, they help your typing skill educational.
the second problem is the cyclist lack of water.
when we walk along the road, we meet many of them.
like using an online text book instead of carrying your huge textbooks home.
another subject is the movies that are coming out in world.
if everyone else starts taking books off the shelf, we have no books left.
computers are useful but we cannot over use it.
they are our best friends.
the kids need to step up for a change!
in my opinion i think that computers help people.
those reasons are ) people have friends and family in other states ) some people use them to stay organized and ) computers help you learn more.
also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web.
dear editor of local newspaper, you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer?
also, they have many medical problems.
for example you would not see me reading a scary book , because it would just remind me of the movie , and i would have nightmares.
some comedy and action movies are viewed as offensive or inappropriate to some people, but many others enjoy the movie.
another time that i would say to use your computer is when doing some work, projects or homework.
music helps people find their activity in many ways.
during peak hours there is a huge rush at the bus stops.
some could say that the people being informed is a good thing, which i agree.
and we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days.
also, computers let you learn a lot about history.
the third reason they should keep materials is because everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
a person who shows a foolish and care-free attitude towards life is often nicknamed “a butterfly”.
computers also allow people to work easily.
the second reason offensive materials should not be removed is because it is enjoyable for some people.
stand up for your rights and censor out those things that will lead to worse lives of those to come.
over the last thousands and thousands of years media has grown at an incredible rate through books, music, movies, and magazines.
secondly, students like to listen to music.
dear , i understand that there has been somethings going on with computers.
everyone is going to have their own views and beliefs.
everybody has a different taste in media.
the setting puts a great deal of stress on the cyclist.
a way to help with this problem is to move offensive material to a higher shelf.
after all this sorrow, by putting in a hopeful ending, the writer has successfully allowed a sense of hope for the future.
books are written by very wise, experienced and intelligent persons.
therefore the computer should be supported and not looked down upon.
he can be seen riding a bicycle.
some information sensitive, but that same information should never be blocked completely for nothing more than just the itself.
i was eleven years old.
empty is it wrong to censor?
also computers help out immensely with school work and homework.
example if you are bored you can get on computer, & search a game you enjoy.
we can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific.
my personal opinion is that they should not be removed.
if a strict would happen to find a book on the extreme religion they could be offended.
no one wants to check out thinks that are offensive in any type of way.
when i got home i went on the internet and researched it.
many people believe that their children have a right to learn about all the things books can offer, but is that really such a good thing?
thank you again for listening.
online poker could be dangerous.
it symbolizes togetherness and coming together as a family.
she ends the story off well because she can now have a since of peace with herself by waiting to take the test again.
also, who would want to get of their and exercise, exercising is so boring and lame.
these sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids.
that is just apart of humans having their own opinions.
so if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books.
picture yourself walking through the library with your child.
overall i do not think libraries should take out these materials.
the importance as to why the author ended this story like this was to show readers the importance of the plant.
these are my reasons that computers are good.
i believe computers allow people, like myself, to learn.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist in many ways.
it can cause many problems with others.
when he gets the dark in the road with the risky pipe of water he begins to switch into conservation made and begins to get is scared.
the rolling hills the cyclist had to get over most likely made him more fined and thirsty because he had to put more effort in to get over them.
what there is in do.
when the pumped the handle of the old rusted water pump, he said the water felt, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
they should not be removed if found offensive to someone but not offensive to another.
all of these road blocks in the setting affected the cyclist.
as a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read.
if you believe so, then do you think it is okay for the campaigners that run for be able to express their thoughts and opinions on different topics?
there is a big difference between awareness and offensiveness.
its hard to see ???????????
well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has.
computers are beneficial to society because it is a way to connect with the world, a way to increase responsibility, and helpful for education.
the staff is not the one who reads all the books their customers do.
an examples from the is.
you think that it has been checked out, but later you find that it has been removed from the shelves because someone found it offensive.
in my opinion i think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep.
everyone knows computers addictive.
that stood out to me because he really cared and was thankful for his parents.
the author ends with hope because the flower symbolizes the girl and the girl saying that if the flower can survive the year.
i know they can, but can only effect an amount of people if they together understand the problem.
a lot of people have classes online.
first of all there are many places in the world that not everyone can go to.
well talking online helps!
they wear dirty and shabby clothes.
if you ask me i think they should leave up their.
don'y worry about too much use, because computers can only help us not hurt us.
my mother always has her heart and arms open to anyone who needs to be loved.
is is not the same as the actual thing.
the last feature would be the distance.
people read material to entertain themselves, and there is nothing wrong with entertainment.
so in conclusion the should have know right to censorship books, movies, magazines, music, or any other item they have.
from learning, to games, to videos, and to a tool that is very useful.
dear local newspaper, !
if you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be.
that has been taken out of your local library.
most important person in our country.
i can see why this bring up many conflicts; as computers can be very helpful.
if your always happy on the computer.
in addition to financial loss there is also a health issue.
months, husband and wife got killed because of .
that is my personal opinion many others have different opinions on this subject but i just think every thing should just stay on the shelves.
i think that is fine if you take them out.
the main way of online communication is or .
the friend who recommended the movie, or the library for having this movie on the shelves and letting the young kid check it out?
a important ability that computers have is they are able to teach you about far away places depending on were you live.
then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there.
for example, about a month ago my back was really bothering me.
if you are mature enough to understand that and over look something that offend you, you would not be so offended.
the computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library.
movies and books are different in many ways.
which than you would need glasses.
there are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before.
some people use the internet for doing homework.
secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education.
the point is, is that people should have a choice of what they can get from their public or school library.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
anyone close enough can be considered family.
dear the , i understand that you have some concerns about computers.
any event or occurrence of importance that takes place is reported by the newspapers.
there is a small garden in front of my house.
this is why i think computers have an positive effect on kids and adults.
this setting features had a negative affect on the cyclist.
the only thing he could feel was the sun beating down on his back.
with all the things to do in the world, we could all be doing something helpful, fun, or productive.
and we get rid of all of these books, what will happen when we really need that information?
students are smarter than many people give them credit for.
as you can see, computers are extremely educational.
another reason computers not benefit society is because of the dangers of them.
turns out i was fine.
this shows how sad and depressed she was because, the tone the statement was said in was a sadder more depressed tone.
i would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find.
saying that she is getting used to where she is now and wants and is willing to give it a chance.
there will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they.
making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier.
children could take that offensive or violent book into action.
owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too.
is very imperative that your child does go out and have fun and get exercise because then they will just be on the computers .
a library is a great place to be, but the libraries without censorship are an utter disappointment.
this energy, loss coupled with the cyclist lack of water causes him to become even more miserable.
what do you expect us to do call them?
lastly, will stop you from spending time with friends and family.
this is very useful for me.
of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family.
did you know that you can even video chat with people.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
these have been many advancements on computer technology and there are people who are for it and there are people who are against it.
we also learn how music evolves from one thing to another, kind of creating off of itself.
almost of parents feel that same way.
it is all a part of growing up.
however, there will always be people that could take offense to others' ideas and opinions that comes with freedom of speech.
to prevent these issues, i say we put a limit on our use of technology.
for example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information.
he is very punctual.
all the features of the environment through which the cyclist is riding affect him greatly.
the sign that said rough ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit.
the world is exposed to offensive material everyday.
that would take to long to do so though.
then, imagine that they snatch that book up, and you never see it again.
your family and friends have always been there for you.
could you imagine the amount of people that would be sick if everyone used the computer for the majority at their day?
the author proves and says how we as grateful.
his main problem is the lack of water.
movies that show war torn battle such as , , world war , or world war .
, it is a way to connect with faraway friends.
and friendship was shown as well the way that friendship was shown by his parents keeping their door open to whom who did not have a home.
books, songs, magazines, and movies all have purposes as to why they were created.
in almost everyday school rely on the internet to gain information stated education secretary, .
how will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper?
the mood in this memoir is created by the people and family who live there, and go there.
a curse word, a bit of skin, a controversial idea.
one person could want to rent out their favorite horror movie and suddenly it would not be there because a couple of people thought it was offensive.
my third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time.
so reader these are some ways why people should enjoy computers.
with this process, every book with a racial slur or questionable scene is not removed, while the ones that truly deserve it are removed.
playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, well keep you busy.
setting does a lot to influence stories, so it is important to keep that in mind when reading.
as simple as it is you do it or do not.
even though there is racism, one is friends.
throughout the memoir the author says how grateful he is for his parents.
he believes that he is not going to make it.
i went to see a village fair with my friend.
it is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate.
there are several things that explain why i think this.
horrible music is just as bad, because they can listen to it and get their bad language from the .
children and adults go to libraries to check out new books that could give them new experiences and information.
you can find all this cut on television, but you never knows when it would come on.
lastly, you can use a computer for world news.
in conclusion, the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show how someone is adapting to change.
for example science.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
as he started to head out the scenery changed.
but when you stop all of a sudden you played for hours.
there is books that teach you a lot.
how would a library handle this situation.
the second to last paragraph talks about the hibiscus, and the geese and the change of seasons.
i am not only going to say that books are most peoples main problem, but there are some movies, music,and magazines.
if more people had computers then they would the to questions.
you can tell at first the mother is disappointed & then as they talk the are planting which eases the mood.
books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and such.
he is yet again determined because waiting somewhere near is the water he needs to keep him alive.
with computers we have enough for each kid in the class.
he studies in grade eight.
this was from a world wide poll in .
also, you waste your time on the computer you can lose the ability to interact with your family and friends.
i also remember when i was in seventh grade the whole class went on .
preparations were made many days in advance.
as it destroys the rants almost all the housewives love the cat.
i believe gossip is one of the main reasons why most people buy magazines.
the features in the story tell me that it was in a very dry, not populated area.
if they are offended they can go to read some where else.
i think that computers are great.
the disabled, some due to natural causes and others due to their mentors-have no option.
the hot and dry conditions made the cyclists hardest obstacle to be staying hydrated.
that is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating.
with this in mind i should not be able to pick a book and open it to find sexual dialog.
this is how the setting affected him.
by keeping the hibiscus in her garden she can have a beautiful reminder of whose she came from.
being involved in a sport would be healthier and more fun that talking to people online.
, my name is and i am writing to you because, i want to inform you about the benefits of having computers.
the thing is, this is how they talked back then, this is just the way things were.
there were rusted water pumps, with hot water, but nothing to cool him down.
i happy to explain my experiences and opinions to people who really care and want to know
this should solve the problem of kids reading, listening, and watching these kinds of things.
we have freedom of speech for a reason.
my brother envied me.
computers can also be used for amusement.
personally i know that i go to camp every year and make new friends.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can find what you need in minutes.
its stuff they should never even find out about.
to begin with, censorship simply the banning of certain things that are thought to be offensive.
you could picture the house and smell the aromas.
as a result, the computer should be used wisely.
however, when she sees that the hibiscus and geese are familiar, she is determined to adopt as well.
if someone wants to start a business, their first stop is usually the internet.
with computers students could learn more because they would have textbooks or maybe nothing and if they were interested in a topic they could research it and educate themselves.
i would make efforts to develop all-round personality of the students.
i am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people.
kids always follow what they hear or what they see.
feelings of which we are expected to feel on .
there are too many magazines that try and expose women.
one day her time will come for her to bloom.
this is my point of view on things.
writing is a form of expression, writers can express their thoughts, use their imagination to come up with fantasy worlds and unique characters.
my first reason is playing games.
mostly everything you do in life have to deal with some type of computer.
then i study for some time.
computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional.
in the story this girl has now moved to this totally new environment and new culture.
these things are a great solution to the rising lost of entertainment.
the owner of the library is the adult that gets to decide what types of books or magazines he or she allows in the library, not the customers.
they are all offensive because they talk about bad stuff and doing bad stuff or talk about how they live their lives.
be the smart, and well educated people.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the climate could be hot, the road could be bumpy, and the town could be deserted.
when it is too warm out it makes it more difficult, and more inconvenient to ride.
now she told my family and i that she was badly offended by what they were called and what they were about.
in conclusion , more and more people go on the computer, but it does not have to be a bad thing.
when your supposed to be vacationing in .
i have never had the interest of hearing it again, as i felt that the story is not politically correct.
even in school kids use internet on their cell phones.
he thought, i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
the author of this story created quite a mood in these few paragraphs.
if the parent does not want their child to go into a section then, the parents can just say keep away from that area.
having a computer will give kids the action to sit around and do nothing.
is vital, and computers are taking this away from society.
they go on and you can talk to someone in just a click!
the most important thing i think he talked about was how he learned to love in paragraph .
most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not.
until that happens, i hope they do not censor their materials.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer.
the books should not be taken of the shelf because they will entertain and educate other children or parents.
because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy.
it is wrong to make fun of or joke about people.
online shopping can be very helpful.
everyone enjoys having a computer.
some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there.
an anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
how can you tell when someone is of a mature age?
but, when they here that word or read about something or watch.
also, everyone has a computer.
music should have meaning and instead of blood and killing it should be about the better things in life.
it recently got banned from schools all over the .
this way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter.
experts say that people are starting to spend to much time on the computer and less time in the real world.
this year the summer season was unduly long and extremely hot.
also you can chat with or old friends.
although, somethings we need to see the things that people have in heads.
they would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot.
struggling financially and personally.
most recent information i would have now to go find banks published recently enough carry this significant fact.
no, for until people recognize a problem and furthermore are reminded of how wrong it was they will not understand it.
they cost a lot of money.
plus computers waste our time.
losing this information is way for people to not be clearly informed, harming the future outcome of our society.
lastly you basically do anything on a computer.
what would our forefathers think of what censorship has become?
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
he has to do a lot of work.
a man by the name of comes to my mind when asked about censorship in the media.
do you like to see a rainbow without rain?
they are getting to checkout books, movies, and music for free unless it becomes over due.
if you wanted to you could plan a day to go and see her.
the very computer you love can harm you.
all in all we cannot get extinguish the flames of our past or we never have a future
why should any person be allowed to tell another person what you can and can not read?
the author is using the ???
would you rather get a good nights rest or be extra tired in the morning because you stayed up too late on the computer?
the hills prove to be a challenge with a limited supply of water.
it would provides financial, health, and community benefits.
lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to.
these are just two methods of that the computer enables us to have.
people should wont to get out and interact.
also the parents and child need to spend time together, if they are both on the computer they cant spend time together.
bringing up removing a book from shelves could cause more problems then just letting the book remain on the shelves.
it could be typing up a final draft of a paper or taking notes on a historical figure, either way they both require a computer.
for example, if a library is intended solely for the use of younger audiences, censorship should hardly be considered a crime.
he stumbled across water.
for example, a study at showed that families with more computers in their houses communicated less.
but to some more than others.
about of people use their brain more often than computers and they have been successful through life.
a ringmaster came with a lion.
i have given you three reasons on view of censorship in libraries.
they make rules just to display their power over students, and take away many of their rights.
censorship in libraries is a great issue in the world today.
as a student, i will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily pull a student away from their studies.
another mood that was created by the author was sadness.
most jobs that pertain to engineering require use of different programs for modeling and drafting.
we thanked god that we had landed safely.
except for one thing that she quickly recognized.
thank you for your time.
it refreshes the mind.
what kind of library is that
however, personally i feel that this constant usage of computers has a negative impact on people.
because libraries are considered public places, their materials are considered public property.
the less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted.
you feel helpless and alone just like the hibiscus growing next to the highway in the photo.
this is because they use language, pictures, music, and video.
censorship is wrong, our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another.
however is that really the right choice?
furthermore, they allow you to expand your knowledge.
just because the fact of some people might not like the things that would be in a library or things that they have in the library.
it was a very good statement.
i have and i think that it is a wonderful resource.
computers are a great way to explore.
i strongly agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers.
this websites help take your mind off a bad day.
i do not think books or any other materials should be taken off the shelves for some people?
to be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you.
that shows the caring, thoughtful tone the author had as he remembered fondly about his past.
we lead pessimistic lifestyles.
told me if your on the computer for hours on the computer for hours straight your eyes can get worst.
this technology is the most best thing you could ever use.
later the grandmother reads it and finds out it says everything opposite of what the grandchild was taught about life by herself and her parents.
one could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses.
lastly, if you get a computer it makes your life so much easier.
i believe that offensive materials and other stuff should stay on the shelves of library.
he does not bring his own bedding and we have to supply it at great inconvenience to ourselves.
the mood created by the author is happiness and gratefulness.
well with this, advanced technology we have found ways to educate students in a fun way.
i do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online.
most people are offended by something and usually not everybody is offended by the same thing, which makes this issue impossible to deal with.
libraries are community centers.
i believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines.
above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees.
if you find something to be offensive, all that you have to do is not check the book or other material out.
no, i strongly disagree.
instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could be spending time with your family in the park or the pool.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
shes trapped because the area is alien to her and she has to adjust.
he reaches school before us to clean and arrange our classrooms.
overall, i believe that computers area a great resource to human kind and will be used for more and more things in a few years.
i know that most people in was spend all the time with there family.
another great thing about talking online is that i can talk to all my friends, not just the one i am playing with.
with computers also were more likely to be overweight and choose chips over an apple in a study performed at .
computers are a great way to keep connected.
lastly, the computer is used for business.
we all get a laugh out of kind of stuff.
as you can see this is my third and final reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
computers always warn us about them.
he loved where he came from.
i am a citizen of the and i believe that the censorship on the material in libraries is not good but it could be better.
millions who on the computer gain weight.
but he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers.
putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society.
would you be offended by seeing something like that?
they are plenty people of the world that want to learn more on the topic.
experts say that the computer restricts time to workout, but in all, truth, the computer is the key to the gym.
this is the only means which has access to almost all corners.
we still interact with family and friends but know we are also able to do so on the computer.
sure they can mail it out but that would take forever for people to find out about it and learn about it.
these books were offensive.
in a way many books are put on the library shelf for a reason.
the problem was i forgot what it was!
not everything can be just peachy kin all the time.
last i checked, the is a democracy.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
i as a student, a child and a citizen of of the united states believes that every book, should be allowed in any library.
the computer can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future.
they can help tourist learn about a location they wish to travel to.
in the novel to a , the author uses many words and descriptions that people find are very offensive.
you just have time for friends and family.
people like accountants use computer for there job.
therefore, a book that not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because somebody else does not approve of it.
we cannot deprive children of that.
even though some moods are good and some are bad.
you disagree with me on this because a computer can have bad websites and can also became very addicting to some people, but i think i am right.
his children also live a simple life.
just be glad that you know about it now
there are many different genres of books, music, movies, and magazines.
if it does, people will see a dramatic change in all of my ideas discussed.
and on computers you could go on everything like , , , , and even work on the computer.
materials give us resources and we learn new things.
some media says to abort the baby just because it is easier.
it going to stop whatever we do.
some people do not agree that computers are good.
first, i think the weather conditions affect him.
another example is when he had to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes.
i think this for three reasons.
he had to bike many miles, but he only had limited supply of water.
there are a couple things that affect the cyclist in the story.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her.
so computers do have a good point to it.
this is quite possibly one of the last things i would think of causing a problem, if i even thought of this at all.
after all the freedom of speech is written in our rights.
plus, it is a great way to connect with past and present friends.
there is special software that is able to be downloaded onto your computer.
i believe that the mood created by the author is happy and loving.
every human mind desires the freedom to choose.
i wanted to so why cant you?
also one more thing books, magazines, and movies can be a very good thing if we use it right.
he setting of this short story affects the cyclist.
if they change the book they change history and they take away knowledge from the children of tomorrow that slavery was a harsh, harsh thing.
this is a book that at my age, i should of never came across.
it gave him a hopeless narration because there was no place to stop and depleting his water supply.
they have the same right to have those books, movies, and magazines on the shelves as you do!
paragraph two, had used parentheses several times within the text.
are you going to go to the computer and save a bunch of time?
it got even worse when it froze up a week later.
i hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society.
more people should be out exercising.
then everybody starts saying the foul language.
you need to be doing three things, enjoy nature spending time with family and friends and most importantly, exercise.
the desert contains a very high temperature, which makes it harder to endure physical activities.
if the person complains about a book, music,movies or anything then they should not go to the library.
because of computers, talking to your faraway family is a few clicks away.
some people would rather stay on the computer than hangout with family and friends.
the biker met the challenges and progressed through them with bravery.
well, this pattern has been going on for years.
one day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise.
everyone should have a because you can play any types of game.
that leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock.
it is a huge step up in the education process.
studies show out of people who use a computer, do not exercise with less exercise throughout the world, nations are becoming more over weight.
the trains were moving very fast and people were travelling, hanging by the bars of the foot-boards.
if something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general.
then monkeys and elephants showed different feats of skill.
books contain adventures and life lessons that kids and adults need.
their are many mood set by the author of this memoir.
this same thing applies with movies.
it had also made the cyclist have less energy.
there is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to.
the farmer is the most important person in our country.
in my opinion, i do not believe that anyone has a choice in what children or any other age group chooses to read.
this delayed him and took time to cycle around.
some think that imagination can turn someone crazy or into doing something that is not normal; but what is normal?
also just to have everyone united as one and be thankful for my culture and it kind of makes me want to explore my culture and express it more.
one was complaining how the farm books never get messed with.
all sorts of people go to the library.
the library is a place for everyone and not just one type of people.
one that is more family oriented and safe for children eyes.
so you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires.
in closing, overusing your computer can cause health problems, put your safety at risk, and hurt your education.
his parents were kind, giving and generous to everyone.
no, i do not believe they should be, but that is my opinion.
my last reason we get to talk online.
needless to say i was speechless.
this quote shows that he is not only thirsty but dehydrated which is several for a human being.
most media and books have things uncensored for many different reasons and i think its going good.
they could even put a little label on the front cover of the magazine that says it not be suitable for everyone.
sitting around like a couch is not healthy.
surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it.
she needs time to adjust to her new home like the hibiscus to get some roots in the new soil she is on.
if the author would have been on a population trait with water fountain and shade, he would have been fine.
some books teaches them about the world they are growing up in.
censorship is wrong, especially in the ; the citizens are granted the freedom of speech and the freedom of press.
that is unfair and should be stopped.
they can try and read through the book to see if there is a reason that the author written it this way.
in saying this, it can go either way.
students stay in hostels and they study also.
the last paragraph in, winter hibiscus, was add because the author want to show that she feels bad because she did not pass the test.
we, as people, should not be able to take this right away from other people.
that group is still allowed to speak their opinions and takes on that particular material, as well as the people who do agree with the material.
also, with computers, people can communicate with people from across the world.
we also eat cereals in the form of popcorn.
dear editor, computers have a good effect on humans.
luckily, i had my other friends numbers i could use.
my second reason is that it allows people in far away places to connect.
another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality.
they supply sleepers for the railway line.
many people like different books, music, movies, and magazines.
your little and your reading about these topics, you will then be more informed your just little older.
it was like she had very little confidence.
i love swimming better than going on the computer.
computers present job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others!
finally, online predators are a great threat to teens.
after she met the flower, she thought of her old country, her homeland she missed it.
having the freedom to sell or convey something they want viewers, readers, listeners, etc.
so who has the right to say whether a book is offensive or not?
the computer is a great source of entertainment.
there are lots of stuff in book that people think is offensive.
even though he had confidence the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
for exam pull has news about what is going on in the world.
people will always be offended.
once you get onto a computer you never want to get off.
as this rather large man walks around the counter towards father steps in the picture.
this made him happy because he knew his parents loved him and would do anything for him.
world communication has also opened up many business opportunities.
does it bother you to hear them with your own ears?
there were books about politics, religion, sex, and violence.
the peacock lives in jungles, in small flocks.
however either way they are still fast ways to contact a person far away.
he returned to india.
secondly i think that computers could help you meet new people from foreign countries and other states.
they have friends on but no friends in real life.
evidently excessive computer use could have very detrimental effects in a natural disaster, even to adults, so we need to stop it!
its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want.
in the memoir he say that he would never forget how his parent turned his simple house into a home.
lastly in paragraph , he mention the terrain changes to gently rolling hills.
simply do this for those materials that should only be read by adults and not for children or teens.
i think rated r movies should be allowed at high schools and any music should to i mean its not like we are in prison,right?
libraries have so many books, and books that talk about everything so what would be the point of having a book taken off the shelves.
going to the library is always a struggle when someone is faced with so many different genres of books.
violence is an act of the beast.
in the end, when he finds a place to rest, he turns it all into a lesson hell surely abide by: follow the map!
this was because all information was found in books.
i thinks that the author concludes the story with the given paragraph to show that she is similar to the hibiscus and geese.
and adapt to her new country.
the back up lights come on and we all go to the lobby area.
computers can harm relationships, finances and your personal life more than you would think!
this can educate others in to knowing that if you do this then this is the result, good or bad.
for example, you will forget to exercise, you will forget nature, you will also forget to interact with your friends and family.
this way you are not completely removing it, but making it harder for younger audiences to get to it
this is saying his mom keeps the traditions with all the celebrations for new comers to the
there is a lot of material in libraries that should be censored from children.
every person has their own life story and rough experiences.
this censorship will only cause future issues.
one reason is because you can do a lot of things on the computer itself.
in heated water or, you need to be as hydrated ad possible, especially it an enduring in physical activity.
so the mood created in the excerpt is loving and caring.
the setting really takes determination away from the cyclist.
i know this, because in paragraph talks about his culinary skills and how grateful he is to have it passed down to him.
this is really helpful you want to learn about people from around the world.
her mother then comes and shares the moment with her.
they are not required to look at it so if they do not like it, then they do not look at it.
the overall mood created by the author in the memoir was courage, and perseverance.
we have troops fighting for our freedom of press and freedom of speech and censoring books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms our country has given us.
do you want to relax and do something fun after ?
a huge purpose of computers is to keep in touch.
in conclusion i think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad.
if you have family or friends that live far away or in another country, then you can communicate them by computers.
you can swim in the beach, feel the amazing breeze, and have a good time.
make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read.
we all love cuddling and watching movies together, but not all movies are right for us.
being exposed to offensive material and different viewpoints helps shape ourselves into who we are or will become.
some people would be offended at a book with a cross on it.
movies can reveal whatever they want.
first the computer helps people know about what happen with people in other islands.
there are books that must be kept so that students can learn to their full abilities.
then you never know what there parents wanted them to know at a young age like that.
they start to eat too much and later they become very lazy.
in my opinion, i believe that computers have a negative effect on people.
there are , , , reading, book sites all on the web!
there are a lot less people going places now because who needs to go to when you can just look up pictures of .
sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there.
finally, the first three stops he made had no where to fill his water bottles, take a drink, or cool off.
this is my daily routine.
so the next time you think of banning a book think of all the warm hearts you could be crushing
since i use the computer everyday onto all.
people will be amazed.
this has a great effect on the cyclist, both physical and emotional.
restrictions on renting that material could be set.
all of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel.
email has especially played a huge roll in our society, so as to help millions of people communicate when needed.
with this new technology, you can earn degrees and learn in a short period of time.
i hope that i convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people.
when someone finds something that looks offensive then they do not have to take.
doing this could result in less material for people of all ages.
they are young and should not be expecting the fact that there people that use these words to express feeling or name calling.
there is no rule that says you have to get a certain kind of music.
the mood the author gives is a very comfortable mood.
after this point he could not be so care free.
there were many factors of the setting that negatively and positively affected the cyclist throughout his adventure.
they do not want to lose there books, music, movies, magazines just because some people find the offensive.
if you are staring at the computer all day, your eyes not be used to seeing everything else.
it not true that we have something called books.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer at home?
i recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer.
the mood in the memoir swifts throughout the story.
we have all read something that we did not necessarily want to finish or that we wish we had not read.
i like this because it keeps the bad apples off the self.
i mean in sounds corny but can happen.
not two miles up the road the terrain changed.
i do not believe that is very offensive at all.
all during the memoir he speaks of how he cherished his family.
reading is very popular.
computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society.
every person does not grow up in the same conditions, but material could teach them.
no matter the case, with work a computer always helps.
the next place was also similar.
those magazines just show everything they have all type of naked photos in them.
you be small and fragile, but if you plant yourself you can thrive with confidence.
it has changed the content on our television from years ago to modern day.
you can make a brochure of sales and expenses, all with an easy stroke on the mouse.
yes computers are fun, giving, but is bad.
nature is a gift that should be given to everybody.
the mood is happy because it makes you feel the love he felt living with his parents in that home in new jersey.
just like parents for example.
all this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future.
he has two pet dogs.
my family also believes that at my age right now i should not watch rated movies.
again i thank you for reading this letter.
eventually after reaching a source of running water he is overjoyed with happiness and relief.
if we want to be restored to the we all love, then we the people, must put a stop to this computer addiction!
i say happy because the author was happy to enjoy having so many friends and family to come over everyday and have fun.
children should not be shelter at a young age to just young adult things because they need to know what else is out there in the world.
not just some people.
i think that organizing the books in a different way would be better.
i do not believe that people should be given the right to do that.
there are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate at anytime.
i can make a connection because i have both a and that i use to stay in contact with family friends from all over.
it is electricity that makes our refrigerator, geyser, television, mobile phone work.
for example, the text states, there was no one in sight, not a building, or structure of any kind.
i do not believe so.
he is gracious towards his parents for being courageous and making them a home.
the water runs out and we are now it our conflict.
you my even use information on the computer for a report statistics show of people who do reports, find their facts on the internet.
one reason why you should agree is because computers are like teachers.
i believe that no material should be taken off of the shelf just because one person found it offensive.
also it could mean the test to adjust to her new home when the spring comes.
if you play an instrument and you need music to play to, why not go to the library to get some?
she will keep coming back just like the geese and the hibiscus do.
computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands.
the man got to see his newborn baby and his wife.
the computer is surely a great invention.
spring is an archetype of rebirth and a new life.
you can make audio calls to a person using the computer.
furthermore, to get up the rolling hills he had to peddle faster and harder.
censorship can also do the bad things like i discussed earlier, which do more harm on a child then good.
the setting plays an important part in the authors mood.
but the hills were sure to play with his mind.
i believe that if material being read of listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelf.
some of these books could be helpful to the people who choose to read it.
one of the most loyal customers to the library are children and their parents.
all of can happen from staying off of computers.
kids might need the material that is offensive,it could help them through life.
it all depends on where you are cycling.
everyone has interests in different types.
my conclusion is, if you are going to look at all kinds of books they should have no restrictions on what you look at.
many people say that computer is help them in their every day life.
the hibiscus allowed her to get over the changes in life.
asking the library to censor their materials is like asking the internet to censor theirs.
in our , we are given the right of writing what we want, and if censorship continues, we will lose one of our rights.
also, deserts are hot.
next, computers allow you to get research done quicker.
activities can keep people off the computer.
fit, energetic, radiant, hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily.
(ho) this quote shows that even though she failed, she is determined to pass the test and succeed.
most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer.
weight lifting is another way to get in shape.
when voted one it could stay or be removed.
everyone has different point of view.
section leads to young adult, then eventually the adult books.
i think computers are great effects on people, they help out a lot.
because moving was a very hard for her.
in my opinion people can also learn from computers.
for example, fights could break out or wars could even start, depending on how many people were offended.
what if you are going on a trip but you don' know were to then you could use the beloved internet.
well thanks to computers it is as easy as turning on your computer.
the author concluded with the paragraph about when winter turns to spring, she will take her driving test again for one main reason.
if some find it offensive then no one can read it how is that fair to the people who do enjoy it?
magazines and movies have everything between cars to bad pictures in them and historical places, facts, and documents to action.
computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world.
many people either in school or in the work field will most likely need to research something to get a better understanding.
it keeps me up to date with currents.
how will society ever change if any time a revolutionary book is written it is banned?
; should not have to be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
there are happy, grateful, stressed, calm, relaxed and harsh moods.
that quote showed me how satisfied with how his life is now and how much the author is appreciative for what his parents did for him.
they gave up their families, friends, country, and careers all for their son, so he could live a better life in the .
for example, you have just bought a new house and want to know more about that area.
everyone has a place were that feel like they belong.
i have come up with reasons to support my opinion.
and that is why i support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people.
the biggest affect on the cyclist was the lack of water with unbearable heat and he was tired.
the narration states, wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt.
but the computer can give you the news in an article then show you it in a video.
on the bike ride he had a glimmer of hope at an old water pump but quickly disappointed when the hot liquid tasted of battery acid.
plus the fact that the internet is quick & easy.
by going on one of the search engines they would find that in they could go to the zoo.
he seems to have not really planned how long the ride would be and how to conserve water.
eat good plain natural food and drink a lot of clean water.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affected the cyclist in the story.
some of there reasons are because parents could have young children and they do not want to expose them to such things while they are young and vulnerable.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she wants to end the story with hope.
being a cyclist is not as easy as it sounds.
astronomy, arithmetic, music and other subjects tell us about the beauty in the disciplined growth.
what her parents did for her was incredible and something to learn from.
not only can this scare a child, but it makes it extremely difficult to explain that what they read in the story is not true.
the question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good.
he is polite and courteous.
people of all ages look through the library to find books or music or magazines.
guess what you can blame it on the though the library.
in libraries, there is usually an adult section and kids section.
the extreme measures of the setting caused the cyclist to lose control, putting stones in the mouth to stop thinking of his thirst.
music should not be taken away because it is just words and they should not hurt someone, especially when it is only a way to express.
the author created a warm, loving mood throughout the memoir.
you stay on them for too long.
their are many features that affected the cyclist.
books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we have never thought about before.
remember minutes of exercise, minutes in the sun each day to stay really healthy.
which how internet can help you.
we are living in a better world that it was years ago.
we also saw monkeys, chimpanzees, and apes.
the effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society.
cars also have computers put into them.
you can email or chat to your friends online and see what pages to read and get there phone numbers back.
computers have allowed us to communicate with our family that live somewhere we cant afford to travel to.
what he means by family is everyone that would come into his apartment and everyone in the building was family too.
many different characteristics in a setting and determine the outcome of an event there.
i think many people believe him to be a bit too wild and deranged to be a convincing argument.
they even use it to get magazines for projects and to catch up on the world outside of school.
they only way that i feel a certain material should be removed from the shelf is that if there are many complaints about the same material.
at that age, children are far too young for any form of adult humor or magazine article.
well, not everyone was able to come.
it is just something in our world that we have to live with
during the cyclist bike ride the unbearable conditions changed his attitude when he firsts starts the reader can sense frustration because of the old timers and there directions.
some movies due contain very vulgar language and offensive terms and sometimes even nudity, and i can relate to not wanting a little child to see that.
in his attempts to make it to that next town, that how the setting mos affected the cyclist in the way that it did.
almost every thing in life offends someone in one way or another.
your never going to find that anywhere else unless you buy off line.
you need the computer so you can print picture for your report.
if is unaware, problems can only be helped to a short extent.
offensive books do belong in the library, just in a completely different area, away from the children.
there is always something wrong with something.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
the third reason why the setting affected the cyclist was the weather and that it was a desert.
i want to play my computer.
however, if it is offensive to the first person, it does not mean it will be offensive to the next.
so in conclusion, i think it should be reader and viewer discretion when it comes to content of things as this.
the main course if you will of it all your family is so important because there your best friends whole wide world.
after a little over a year of him being good friends be moves to , i thought i would never hear from him again.
reading about and talking to people from different countries is always an option.
i used the computer in the dark so now i need contacts.
dear , the things we learn at such a young age really need to be changed.
so, i am here with my parents because of a computer.
this can help you in sports and give you fast reflexes.
the computer be fun but its always important to get outside and enjoy nature.
the music we listen to can get really intense.
it is simple, if you do not like a certain genre of magazines or books, do not read them.
however, subjects such as slavery, the , and other controversial topics must be known about.
even just typing is interesting for younger kids.
these sites are not boring.
you could pick a book up learn about it and how to deal with it.
after months, the fit and healthy became obese.
i have read many books that have inappropriate words in them.
my parents tried to shield me from the bad news and creeps in society.
it could be their passion to write, so why would you want to take that away.
no matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it
there will definitely be some people like that.
it is a really irritating agent, which get people danger up.
so computers lets us do anything and everything.
the is all people use to write on their paper, and doodle on the back round.
the next day she is on happy you are connected.
he believed he was seeing mirages and he was afraid he was going to swallow a stone because he might hit a bump.
you can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects.
living things exist with sun – light.
the setting of this story greatly affected the cyclist.
so, who are we supposed to believe?
also, at my school you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz.
never again will work be so difficult.
also your students computers get viruses because of inappropriate sites.
elders have better knowledge than us.
this shows the correction between the plant and the narrator and the hardships of each.
it was a great experience for me.
books and magazines should be allowed in the public library even if they feel offended.
some games allow you design and play as a character you created.
he went in drank cool water and then on used his own map, rather than old guys.
it protects its master’s property as its own.
he should devote time to every subject.
for example he had no water so he was parched.
the also spoke about his parents and there life.
they could even have stuff that the young minds should not read.
music will always be out there.
some of us swam and dived in the cold water.
here the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, form the backdrop to life in a warm home.
printed materials are the hardest to censor.
after a few years, had passed by she had finally got the nerve to go on a hunt for father.
i can even type my name in a research bar and find me and anybody else with the excel same name as me!
when the cyclist began his journey he was confident in succeeding.
and will forever be an on growing matter in problems around the .
i remember one morning, when i was rushing before school, i had no idea what type of outfit to wear.
how would you explain why it was offensive?
it effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology.
the author did not create any kind of mood that interested me to keep reading of this topic.
school libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literate and media content.
the matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, but what happens when a natural disaster strikes like in or ?
computers are one of these great benefits.
another girl with her computer, talks to her friends.
so this are my reasons to support my opinion.
books, movies, plays, games, magazines, all things of that sort are for our entertainment.
some music be offensive to other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library?
my first reason has to do with the knowledge that the computer possesses.
in the world today there are so many laws, regulations, and even authorities protecting our rights.
thank you for taking your time reading this and i hope you do agree with me.
someone else say that what you find offensive, is no where near offensive to them.
if internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future.
to finish this letter, i want to say that ) computers allow people to learn. )
the dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen.
i had an experience similar to this with my friend.
the of was created to insure that the government could not attempt to control what they had no right to control.
instead of going on computers.
because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side.
they also be a role model which is not always good for some people.
camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends.
reading this material give off bad information to a child.
they can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility.
dear staff, are computers helpful to us regularly?
is in the highest reading level you can be in, in first grade.
every person has an opinion, which is allowed to have by freedom.
everybody has their likes and dislikes with music, books, movies, magazines, etc.
like i am into all kind of sex books.
back to my experience with the books, you read stories that are based off of her life and relationship with her daughter.
we have a small market near our house it is our local market.
they never gave up but instead kept going to try and give there children a better life than they would have had.
as you can tell, computers have affected our lives in a great way.
the girl says this because just like the plant coming back to life and starting over, she will start over too.
to begin, computers help you learn new things.
this is the harvesting season.
the author constantly talks about how his home was a wonderful place and a happy environment to live in.
the music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it.
there are books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
someone never give up and do what he wishes to do.
but there are a certain type of guests who are unwelcome.
long distance friends can view photos, information, videos, and chat from far away.
this is what the tone of this memoir is.
personally books are made for a reason, whether some people like it or not.
whenever a teacher need an assignment typed, you can type it on your computer and have it ready the next day.
if the material is offensive to someone they can report it but the people that work at the library might not do anything about it.
i got most things done and in a matter of time.
in my opinion, everybody should be a part of some physical activity.
the third reason why i think using a computer is a good because this allows you to talk online with other people.
everyone knows the basic learning you get in school, which is extremely .
i can say i am in to abnormal stories.
our society could continue to greatly advance with the help computers.
meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another.
reading and watching a certain movie is all up to you not what others say.
i let them tell me what they think would look better or would give more points.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for various reasons.
is there a place out there that you really want to know more about, that you hope to someday visit?
we could use energy for more important things that people any need.
when i listened to music or watched movies, i got the same ideas as other kids my age and younger.
features of the setting could affect the cyclist.
but also people who listen to that type of music might be disappointed.
the rule should apply for magazines, music, and movies.
computers are a waste of time and they keep family and friends from spending time together.
first of all computers are a big help when it comes to a computer class at your school.
they act hyper and mean to other people or even other children.
can books, music, movies, and other materials be perfect for everyone?
i think censorship is corrupting our society.
in almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative.
for starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming.
then we can learn fast without a book.
more than of give all of their information away about it on these websites and child predators have looked at them.
not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people.
whenever you watch television you see a commercial about online colleges because they are trying to tell you to go to school online.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
while they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday.
in example use for projects.
take for example, a child that is six years old, and can do whatever he or she wants.
just because you do not like something does not mean someone else also can not like it.
this shows or explains that the going could get a little tougher now because he will have to be riding up hills and he is almost out of water.
therefore, books that are classified for one age group, not be appropriate for another age group.
what be a bad and vulgar book in our opinion not be bad in others opinionated views.
computers are real useful.
secondly, i would talk about people who talk online way too much.
after an hour’s drive, we reached the zoo.
when a movie is made and it is ' ' or is offensive to someone then people just do not go and see that movie.
they have become more popular than the library and text books combined.
there was a specific reason as to why the author concluded the story with that quote.
but after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her.
they give up everything they had just so he could have more than his parents did.
it is a carnivorous animal and its long mane gives it a handsome and proud look.
and you would be lonely because you gave up your family just so you can play a game on the computer.
we do not need anymore reasons for people to judge someone based on something that they read.
newspapers are useful to everybody.
but it is quite different from the mother planet.
book fairs are organized in all important countries to make the public aware of the new frontiers of knowledge.
the distraction of offensive materials are not needed in a library.
like people on the other side of the state or country.
computers learning by let vast of information being available.
when i have children i will make sure that they are reading materials that fit them.
the rough road made it harder for him to pedal; therefore, he was working harder and getting thirsty.
if they have access to it then they are going to take it and borrow it.
if a teacher assigns a book to read and your child does not feel comfortable with it, then take it up with the teacher.
i love saving time, and computers help me do that.
in the memoir of , the author shows a lot of mood throughout the story.
this is an over whelming feeling because you can die from dehydration.
if you think it is good for little kids to be learning about bullying you are wrong!
do you see why the computers a good way of calming down?
he reaches for his duty at right time.
for some people books are a great past time.
there are many people that think certain books, music, movies, and magazines are offensive and should be taken off the shelves at libraries.
magazines also are sometimes good because they teach good things and keep you updated about whats going on around the world.
other than winding you down on a rough day at work, on the computer allow you to communicate with friends and family.
it was very cold at night.
anything about a family coming together is loving.
you can still talk and communicate with each other.
there is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning.
basically she did as the geese by lifting her head watching as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance.
i love to go to the market as my mother busy me goodies like candies and cakes.
the author concludes the story to show that there is hope for the future and that she is not going to give up.
are people today spending to much time on computers.
well, according to over billion people use a computer worldwide.
and they can look up whatever they like.
some kids today though, are very attentive to those subjects.
also got a good sense of family.
another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right.
so the sun was able to effect him a couple of ways.
on the other hand the computer does have cons.
so computers do have a positive effect on people.
secondly, you would spend less time with your family.
computers are like chocolate.
so we wait for the postman eagerly.
i know this because my librarian told me this one day.
a third reason i feel that computers are beneficial to society is because you can order a product over the internet form shop websites.
if it were not for books and novels from the past, the current generations would have no clue of what history was about.
computers are good for school uses, skills, and just for fun.
my mother , brother, and myself visited the library one evening.
they are entertaining, keeps in contact, and helpful with homework.
they do not play or buy anything from the canteen.
computers have caused many people money, friends and time.
that could turn many people away from reading certain books, or even going to the store where they even purchased those materials.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
open your laptop for easy translation.
anything you can get on any other technologies.
all authors write for a purpose, whether it be to teach, entertain, or persuade an audience.
the more we all get used to it , the less many people will actually run into items that offend them.
such as exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most importantly interacting with family and friends.
in a profanity is good for movies it gives it action and drama.
he went on the computer and researched culture, so that he can be prepared.
also you cant understand what there saying half the time.
if so, i doubt many people would find it interesting.
censorship takes away from the enjoyment of reading.
is much more beneficial than learning how to type, or talking to your friends.
only people would think its fun to home and go on the computer for no reason.
i have deaf parents, so we always have the captions on in our house.
in this time i hope you have learned more about the computer and have changed your mind.
dear newspaper: i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
it is a great thing to have some people say but others think it is a hazard to health.
the point the author wanted to get across was that the hibiscus gave courage and hope to retake her drivers test and continue surviving in .
these are only a few of the reasons i think computers are great.
they teach positive things for people to learn.
letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong
popular sites like , , , and so on make a good way to keep in touch with friends from your past, or even make new ones.
my censorship on materials that show offense in libraries is they should not be taking off the shelves.
so, i ask you to consider the benefits of computers; but also look for the negative effects.
there are many possibilities of keeping this kind of reading material away from children.
with just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology.
in my opinion i think computers do.
taking away books of a certain subject could upset people that like that type of book or it could even pertain to their everyday lives.
one you can use to learn, two some hard care gaming, and three just talk to friends.
so what you choose pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer.
when you are walking around you, you should not be scared to walk by yourself with out getting attacked.
but i was unable to get over my fear.
we had dinner at the platform.
this represents his knowledge and experience in the matter, and showed that he was adapt to his environment through experience.
also all he could do was a water depleting .
along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information!
well it is because has a big role in our lives.
getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore.
some people are assigned projects for either their job or for school work.
dear local news paper, computers is a good idea because every developed country uses computers.
if you take that word away from the book, you lose some history of the old south.
if you have any arguments or questions you can surely contact me
most adults have been through school and are educated but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc.
each and every person has a different opinion on what is offensive or not, so to censor books be to censor all individual mentality.
your honor, i have my proof right here.
in conclusion, you need to get a computer!!
she still has hope of passing the drivers test.
for instance somebody goes home and checks their email.
just think you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored out you mind and have no thing to do.
i watched it and about halfway through it i saw my face!
finally, from what you experienced.
perhaps some day your child will get a job working in on office where they must use computers all day long.
most of these books resulting to violence.
so should offensive materials be removed from the shelves?
at one point in the story, she cries out of mourning for her grandmother because the hibiscus plants bring back aware of memories.
in the text it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
secondly, movies on computers can be a real time if you want to around.
so if you are ever wondering weather or not to buy a computer i suggest you get one!
many people base their actions on their own views.
she said her parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love for cooking that is still me today.
computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information.
people that do not think they are offensive will read them.
computers save time and does a lot of work.
the only other access to typing is a type writer.
also, there is no one around to help him if he gets lost.
people can do grocery shopping from the home they can order pizza online and they can go shopping online.
the mood is a very happy one.
if we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books.
here are some reasons why.
the reason why i think it is good is because you can contact someone that you know and talk to them whenever you want.
have you ever heard of computer camps.
if he were in the city, for example, he would not get lost and stranded, and therefore would have no story.
dear local newspaper, you know, people are starting to buy and own computers.
she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
this quote explains how the lack of water was a problem.
this can lead to obesity or other weight issues.
but interacting with family and friends, learning about things around the world and your education depends on computers.
sometimes it can be come a competition to see who has the most pictures, or the most friends.
without them, society would forget about the past events that shaped and molded our world into the world it is today.
people go to the library because they want to either get away, or just to be free and grab a nice book.
therefore, we can protect their innocence and fellow youth.
birdie and i have become real good friends.
they even lose their kid or the house that they live in because someone wanted to act all big and bad to be popular in school.
another example of his gratitude towards his parents is on paragraph .
the song was by a band named .
computers also have their flaws.
the same goes with family.
if we get rid of certain books we get rid of certain history as well.
when colour enlivens our environment, depression drifts away.
i wish everyone a merry christmas.
if books were censored, literature would have an immediate downfall.
but that it is why these books are created for older people to read.
computers and internet are a recent innovation.
this is a very good thing.
it is one of the wonders of the world.
after reading this, i am sure you will agree.
the text says,a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth.
you could do that too!
some people like these kinds of things with bad actions in them!
although many people think that a certain book is appropriate, others disagree.
in my opinion i say that , computers do have and effect on us but a good reason.
then you go to search and put in then all this of him comes out.
this is a very hot time of the year in such a desert location.
we used to see each other from time to time and talk on the phone about once a week.
and, you can talk online.
computers can also be used for research.
this was quite a challenge because a desert is very hot and dry, plus the author was riding his bike, making himself more thirsty and hot.
however, this does not mean that the libraries of should get rid of these books, videos, etc.
it would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left.
first family friends can communicate from a far distance.
thank you for accepting my .
lastly, games and sports teach you to accept both victories and defeat equally well with a happy face.
if you use the computer for educational purposes like games, you could really learn a lot.
if we start taking off book that we find offensive, there will be none left.
the diversity of the world makes it rather difficult to please every person all of the time.
, computers have great benefits to our society.
many people hear that sentence more than once everyday.
but, the books, movies, music, or magazines that are felt like they are offensive should be move to a certain area in the library
people should have the right to be able to look at anything that they want in the library
they help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words.
which country has more than million fast food, restaurants currently functioning?
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
tell them, or let them read the books you always censor at the libraries so that they know.
families separated by thousands of miles now have the ability to email, chat or even video chat with far away relatives and friends.
i personally believe that the use of computer technology is a good thing.
he thought he was let down.
for example using email, and video chat for example i have a friend who moved away and now we email back and forth to keep in touch.
movies are a whole different thing now the things that happen on the movies get away with it mostly because they have money to get away with.
it causes him to dehydrate and have a need for water.
censorship is the most foul and terrifying part of society.
is this good for our country?
some of these books present great learning opportunities to students.
i surveyed kids and said that computers are there main source of communication.
sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay.
the cyclist got to the second town on his journey and he had been drinking his water all day and was about out.
dear newspaper, or to whom this article concern.
my mother has to yell at me to have my lunch.
which could be very bad if you think about it.
he said they showed him their lives and those teachings have been the basis of his life.
they are all happy because they can be together and have a grate time.
the features of the setting cause the cyclist two main problems: doubt and dehydration.
thank you for your time
that is where places are trying to clean things up.
if that book is taken off the shelf, it is restricting other people, such as , who would like to learn or read about that specific subject.
the problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need.
the reason for that is because everyone finds certain thing offensive.
my mother had completely got cored.
what organizational tool could help me in this situation?
different types of books explain different types of things.
by doing this you become closer as a family, and it could help you make healthier choices keep exercise.
she tells people never to give up through this method because she realizes at the end, she will be prepared.
but also you can play a lot of different games and also type on an notepad.
when we get hurt, he takes us to the school doctor.
well when you talk to them on the you can do other things.
that candy could have been the guest favorite.
i remember going to the library all the time when i was younger.
kids and adults alike are not bored.
that one should never give up.
you realize that exploring nature is better than just watching it.
it also helps you do many stuff for your own future: not just to play around with some new friends.
first comes censorship along with its totalitarian prowess, second comes the downfall of humanity.
limiting the age on books will stop younger audiences from viewing them.
kids and parents should only be aloud on the computer then go outside.
if you are trying to keep things from them that will only make them want it more.
if you take off one book, you might as well take off the rest.
it has golden fur on
are you a person who likes to enjoy nature?
first the cyclist asks directions from a guy that never left his house in decades this creates, doubt.
in the spring she will have a piece of her homeland blooming and she will be warm again.
it would not be fair or right to remove books from the library
people could act like someone else.
everyone has an opinion.
as you tell, i am against censoring our libraries.
the last paragraph its like a symbol for starting fresh.
the setting of the area where the cyclist was biking effects him because it makes him weaker.
i mean i love romance and scary books, and someone else might dislike them both.
if students never know how will they live.
after the fork he kept going and he then faced another problem.
firstly, the computer allows your children who are also students to do better on their projects and reports.
i suggest that you will agree on my opinion'.
the author also gives a sad mood at the memoir.
a woman should not have to go to a library and come across a book stating her religion is an waste and stupid.
as you can see from these examples, the memoir had a very thankful and gracious mood to it.
computers help people with their job.
eighth grade teacher.
middle school student.
have you ever picked up a piece of material while in a library and it offended you?
these technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well need in any given situation.
instead of being on a computer for or hours or maybe even all day getting fat.
just set a little time aside daily to observe these aspects of life.
i shall take an interest in my work.
music could also be a bad influence on kids.
computers have benefited society in many ways.
also dreams can some true for people that never have the chance to follow .
the media is a way for some people to get out and reach others.
the camel is a large animal.
writing is a way to show a persons expressions and what they stand for although it not be pleasing to me or any other person.
first the setting does not look like what the cyclist has been told it lacks like.
make use of that thought i just told you.
i say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate.
second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world.
this quote shows that he would do almost anything to keep going.
almost every library is very organized into categories.
the town hills helped the cyclist.
not only is it students but most people get news from the internet.
for example, all the children magazines should go with the children books.
computers are very helpful and they are easy to use.
the man started becoming very unsure.
his duties are very hard.
a slanging match started.
if a book, song, or video is offensive then the parents should take that up with their children.
and you can pay your bills on the computer.
if you are trying to get work done or learn and there are distracting items on the shelves then it make things more difficult.
finally, they could be shut out from the world if everything is kept from them because of censorship.
this reminds me of the time when are of my idols died.
writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle.
lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be.
censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views.
you can search up your friends name and magic!
some people might not like some things because of what they have in it or on them, but most of it is history.
there are many kinds of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library.
programs such as , which teaches people how to speak a language, are available on the computer.
when you play those games you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen.
they help students do there school work.
for instance these games consisted of violence, sex, drugs, and foul language.
further more, computers cut into quality time with friends and family.
do a fairly good job of placing warning in the form of ' ' sticks on their covers.
was very proud of where he lived even though his house was not a mansion or even close to a big house.
bad things will always be put in front of you as an obstacle to make the right choice.
can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime.
as you can see, this is why the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and inviting.
second, this can be there for purpose.
computers are very useful.
the mood the author created is very grateful.
i think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed.
the choice is yours.
and does offend most people should be set aside and putting in a different shelving area away from the others.
the mood that author has created in this memoir was a happy feeling because this is proud of his culture.
computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use.
have you ever started a conversation with someone and realized you have been talking for an hour and a half?
he works day and night.
people have friends, and it is only human to want to keep in close contact with them.
its a debate that has gone through several libraries over the content of the material.
recently, it has been bought to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
i am a reader my self and i like to read in peace.
you should have all the materials that a child should be interested in.
and he thought he was seeing things good thing he checked it out.
when i was looking, i saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians.
dear local newspaper, experts should not be concerned about other people that stay on the computer for a while.
is time running out for your project to be do?
in this memoir author creates a very specific mood that is the same throughout the memoir.
others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising.
therefore computers must have a positive effect on people.
another example would be the series.
sometimes it is harder to ignore.
if one was to go through the library and burn every book they did not like, there would be scarcely anything left.
more jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching.
computers are very environmental friendly and so are people today.
you can also hook other gaming system up to your computer to play with other people and even yet hints and cheats too.
next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill.
you should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen.
one reason computers are good, is the communication.
this way the only access to the books would be to get a key from a librarian.
somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen.
last weekend, my father wanted to take us out somewhere.
my second reason is if you have a computer you can look up questions that you would have.
the computer shows what man kind is capable of doing.
kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it.
when she says in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
but many of us will.
at first, when the author sees the abandoned first town he is not too worried about it and moves on.
a lot of the people in underdeveloped countries go with their starving cries unheard.
yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool.
technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations.
certain readings, and types of entertainment have already begun to disappear one by one.
instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer.
we have had seen censorship in our history.
they can go on the internet and get information on with just a couple clicks of the mouse.
the five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call.
adults, and even some teenagers have jobs in.
search engines let us type in keywords and find multiple websites on that topic.
sight is, most of the time your most important sense.
when you type up words it teaches you to see better with your eyes.
the reader feels this love when reading the line.
please take them into consideration.
we have the right to take down the books but why should we.
i believe there is no harm in libraries, it is a place where you go to get all the information you can.
shows or even movies.
when your were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer?
it seem like i am on a lot, but really i have something.
overall, my opinion on if censorship in libraries should be extinguished.
they turned their house into a hotel for people who needed help until they were ready to go.
this also will make the librarians job much harder than what it should be.
make an alternative section for all the offensive material in the library instead of taking it out completely.
censoring our libraries creates an illusion of a perfect .
i would do it on the computers if i miss it.
people are mature enough to be able to handle offensive material.
he shows his loss of hope again when he talks about how hes going to die.
because they are all ways to express ourselves.
by saying this creates a warm calm mood inviting you (figuratively) into his home and childhood.
i agree and disagree with the prompt.
next, the fact that there were no buildings, houses or anything in sight affected him.
on certain websites you can see something that can teach you.
in my opinion, i believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too.
the last reason why we should have computer.
everyone has their favorite music they listen to or their favorite book to read even if it does offend a certain group or type of people.
i feel that certain materials that young people see in books, music, and movies are at the library.
the feature of the setting affect the cyclist by one, the conditions of the road were awful.
the prides itself on that children are the future, well, why not put in the effort to prevent the from seeing what the see or read?
do you think that libraries should remove certain materials off the shelves?
it flew higher and higher.
we learned a lot from this fair.
instead seeing the through their own eyes they are seeing it on videos or in on the internet.
from my own experiences i know that it is a growing problem.
instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers.
you can not take everything out to please one person, because it could make another person mad
the narrator says, she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance (ho ).
the theme of the story is when life seems hard take a new approach.
the computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more of people around the world.
you could also learn about news faster without writing for it to come on the news channel.
all of us dream of becoming famous when we grow up.
there is a reason that libraries are called .
one day, her mother bought her a laptop.
how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family.
the greatest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom allowed in the .
it takes one person to make the difference.
our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology.
there are a lot of other kids that do this as well, it really is very helpful.
these are some of the important arguments put forward by him.
where would we be in the world if no one encouraged or pushed someone else to do what they wanted?
some do not believe that is an opinion.
they teach you how to use a computer.
there are books that children or young adult should read and should not read.
the water was icy cold, and made my fingers numb.
now people can simply type up an email and hit send.
these issues above are serious health problems if not treated.
the government of a country is there for keeping an order.
children can also read or listen about gun violence.
in all the students in grade ten just got done reading ' of .'
if one person does not like a particular book or magazine, they should search somewhere else for what they want.
the only time that this cyclist found water was when it and tasting of battery acid.
every kid gets bored when its a rainy day.
that is the mood of the memoir throughout the whole passage.
a second reason why the author created does mood because in the place were the author lived there were many different people from different places.
also the roads were long and very bumpy and windy.
if you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, than limit what your child reads and watches.
also, the same with magazines and music.
the librarian directed me to there new best seller and said addressed it and said it was as hard to put down as a lollipop.
dear , i have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers.
i once knew a woman who would never allow her son to watch the series because of the use of sorcery.
this is why the mood created in the memoir is proud.
was the author of this book and i thought she did an excellent job of writing this piece of literature.
example, my uncle lives in .
children are curious little beings.
computer help society learn about all this.
the speaker said that he could have died from heatstroke.
the computer makes you better at this.
many of these books have images of how do this and that.
he runs out of water.
all in all ,that ending paragraph reveals these specific messages
well its the same thing when people want to censor the libraries.
please listen to why i disagree here are some reason why.
first off they can be dangerous.
these social networking allow teens to talk with there friends.
computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn.
no, i sure hope you would not, but to some they see that as their one resolution.
this show is an example of what could happen if you become exactly like her.
censorship should be applied to libraries.
these kind of game also bring people to dangerous.
but is it good for you?
i hate cheats and fair-weather friends.
i can think of many books that could be taken offensively that are still on many school library and public library shelves.
censorship is one of them.
in my point of view strongly believe that it could have been form working at the some sandy desert for seeds a long period of time.
and as time goes on it can only get worse.
it goes along with me in the morning.
if someone finds it offensive, they should simply not read it
people who things and world famous people from back then compared to famous people now.
the mood created by the author is a happy reflective memoir on the family life of the author growing up.
they follow what technology to make life .
computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet.
but shell be more prepared.
,' required by state standards for one possible choice of reading assigned to us by my teacher, describes book burning and utmost uniformity between citizens.
libraries are meant to provide information anyways.
they are just not old enough or mature to be seeing or reading those things in books or magazines.
finally, she vows that she will take her drivers test again.
i want the libraries to think this over ; because it is not fair to adults or older children.
in the story she says then i will take the test again.
i do believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelf.
now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people.
i strongly believe that material should be censored in the way that those who should not see it, can not see it.
next reasons, i can do my homework on i can write a big letter on i can do a lot of work in the computer is and easy.
you need to be jumping around, dancing, walking with your friends, something!
plus there is not a bad book that your kids will find at school any way.
an orange tree needs a dry climate to grow and bear fruits.
if books would have to be remove from the library then everybody would start taking all the books out.
in conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside, or hanging out with friends?
dear newspaper, has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow.
firstly, people are spending too much their time surfing the net.
there are ratings on movies, and books are written for a certain age limit so everything should be placed accordingly.
i believe these people reserve the right to view and listen to what they would like but they should be censored in a public library.
this explains that the man could not get water or a ride from anywhere around, because there was nothing out there to at.
most importantly they are a vital source of communication.
we need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear.
this memoir is inspirational.
things that offend people: for instance, a book about or natives and how they were treated so poorly.
i spend two hours daily in my garden.
what if at you job you need the internet.
he aces the reports, and continues to use this method.
so by these examples you can see that the mood of the memoir is happy and joyful.
from the mans point of view, he probably thought civilization was many more miles away and he probably could not make it that for.
people can learn various facts right from their computers.
high school student.
movies would be boring, stories would be interesting, and there would be no music.
only adults could watch.
another opinion is that i think people should not spend most of there time on the computer.
online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly.
another thing you can do it get online for how to stay healthy and exercise!
the story is about overcoming obstacles and adjusting to change.
libraries are government funded organizations.
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she is giving herself hope on passing her test.
it lets you learn new things and research.
as far as music, movies, and magazines go that could be a different story.
this also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email.
they both are search engines.
one little law change in could cause great negative changes in the future.
as you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life.
also in paragraph it says.
now it would be a different story if we never had music, movies, and all that other good stuff.
there, he was expected to stay for about a fortnight.
throughout the story you could always sense the love and caring she had.
of kids in my school own a computer.
so, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on or .
in this memoir, the author creates a very nice mood.
if people are against , they need to worry about themselves and just leave alone.
they must learn how to become successful in life.
i will be talking about how computers give people good typing skills, how they give information to people, and how they allow us to socialize.
i know that everyone is not the same and feel the same about everything.
people all around the world think differently about music, books, and movies.
compare a person with a laptop to one without.
he is also cycling up and down curry, hilly back roads.
these are the moods the author creates throughout the memoir.
in elementary school libraries, i think it would be appropriate to censor the books that are bought, and used in the library.
i urge you to use your computer less and exercise, see family, and enjoy nature.
please , we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have.
they should just get rid of it.
when talking to your friends why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go do something fun?
while many of the ideas contained within the book are horribly offensive, it still should not be censored.
computers have made a big change to everyday life.
people need to within families because it decrease interaction with.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
why are the discouraged people reading books that are setting bad examples?
that is why i think computers are a great exercise for your well being and personality.
the first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills.
it turns out to be not only his last hope for water, but an abandoned grape juice factory.
one reason why i think there should be censorship is because of minors that want to see things that not be suitable for them.
they changed the way people think and how they look at the world.
i know that when i have time to go on the computer, i am not looking up things to learn.
now go and get a to.
me personally am faster at than writing.
most works, even the more crude pieces, have some sort of educational value.
also they can spend more time doing things with their kids.
i mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate.
i will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is needed by stating these three reason.
you feel their pain.
so you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy.
i believe that book should be kept in order of age.
this tells that the computer is just good at all.
the author had very incredible parents that he is very grateful for.
some people think the type of words used in a book make it bad, but to others that is what makes the book.
books should be censored at all.
for some, this is their only way of communication.
without any of these enjoyments what would people do with their free time?
other people like the book you hate.
there are a lot of people around the world who know what they believe is good and bad.
to make it worst, she failed the drivers test.
and people have slowly began to deal with it.
the moment of breakdown was as she got the flower.
this is one reason why i think that computer have a positive effect on people.
you can talk to people from far away by using chat or the webcam.
like i said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful.
in my opinion, censorship of literature has crossed the line.
to communicate with my family in i use a webcam.
some examples of these are , and , respectively.
the internet can be a very good source for students.
i have a little library of my own at home.
i know that one of my favorite books, the , would offend some people because it has murder in it.
so not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also.
he searches for a place to rest where there be water but he is not able to.
out of people do this in everyday.
what then will you do?
dear newspaper , are you aware that more than of families have ownership to a computer?
dear local newspaper, i think spending to much time on a computer is bad.
the flower is the piece of confidence she needs to feel at home and even pass her drivers test.
say you need clothes or shoes or maybe even games.
leave the libraries as they are, as the monuments to the preservation and progression of knowledge and wisdom.
she has learned that if a delicate flower like the hibiscus can make it through rough times she can too.
i always thought that was part of our constitutional right.
after i found out what the words meant, i finished my homework in about five minutes.
on the other hand they attract the readers attention.
their house was permanently open to whoever needed it, and his parents would feed and be overall kind to them.
they are also a great way to learn.
exercise is important to your body and computers are not.
you just stare at the screen, which is not good for your eyes.
there is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music.
if you needed to contact somebody you could do it using a computer.
also, if you have family that lives far away or someone in college you can send them an email to keep in touch.
to help this, i type almost all of my papers.
nothing good comes from making people feel bad.
this words use figurative language because the geese reminded her of herself, almost familiar to her now.
when her mother says this, she feels that she has let her mother down.
i saw the front page talking about computer.
i do not believe that anything that contains certain contents should be removed from the shelves.
is right, we can also be aware of the environment.
in , of course we have the freedom to do what we want.
, the author makes him seem proud of himself.
a big question i ask is why?
gives the reader a feeling that the character is in danger.
the hibiscus dies off over the winter and starts budding again in the spring, this shows that winter is its weakness.
as you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries.
individuals might disagree with certain beliefs concerning their lifestyle and what they believe.
when the children are on the computer, they do not want to leave.
he is a good sportsman.
going on the computer can also be very addicting.
', my name is and this is my daughter she is six years old.
last one not story this lets the reader know that she believes in something that gives her hope and that will make her so well
obviously someone has to read, listen, or watch it.
always be aware of what your getting your self into and know the outcome of the decisions you make.
censorship is when a group of people agree that a certain book, song, movie, or magazine is found offensive in any way.
the author set a great mood of love and gratefulness in this memoir.
i have little brothers, and they are , , .
because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them.
the library would have books of all kinds.
finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends.
computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life.
the setting is an excellent way to portray his feelings of hopelessness, despair, and fatigue.
until he found hope and seeing a man in a chair
some have different opinions then others on a certain item in the library which will lead to argument and possible violence.
you have a web cam you can see family members from different states and see the face and talk to them like you are talking in person.
things that children would like to read, listen or watch about.
just simply pick up another book and read .
without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in many ways.
the cyclist only packed enough water for the intended trip.
some books that are found offensive by one person might not offend another.
another reason to keep all books in the library is to be informed of history.
being influential is one of the main priorities of most reading materials.
no one would no about it and we would most likely repeat the holocaust.
the overall mood created by the author in the memoir is happiness.
for example would rather spend her day on the computer than enjoying the amazing nature we have around us.
this also shows that the mood is happy because the author is grateful.
if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes.
not all music or movies are offensive.
the author writes to tell people a story whether good or bad, he or she wanted to get that story out there to inform people.
you can learn so much more information faster.
music is used for so many different things.
a good way it to watch the movie and learned from it.
with that being said, children of all ages come into the library all the time and pick all kinds of material.
we are not like a video game that has seconds lives
if there had been building he could have stopped and asked for more water and rested.
this is my view on censorship in libraries
what you can do is you can contact them over the computer (webcam).
that is meaning they will accept anyone that is interested in looking at there stuff.
this final paragraph draws together and unites all the final paragraph on concluding idea.
homes offer security and feel affection for human life and it is one of the most important things.
also of students say that they usually go online to study or get the pages for homework.
that use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project.
this is only one reason why i think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society.
out of people work out home.
whatever you do just get off your computer and go outside or the gym for exercise!
they all sing about gangs, narcotics, alcohol, and using women for favors.
thank you for listening to what i had to say
today, libraries have sections dedicated to different genres of materials.
that would not be fair to everyone else that goes to that library.
the mood that the author created in the memoir was grateful and happy for what he had.
the mood of this memoir is warming and of family.
instead getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk.
now imagine all of those gone from the one place you can get away from screaming children or annoying neighbors: the library.
you can also build new things.
this memoir is representing good moods and happiness.
this means that the heat is a treat to him and would cause him to become dehydrated and have heatstroke.
it’s difficult to find a house without a cat.
its all about how you look at books, movies, music, etc.
eventually, everyone sees or hears offensive things.
we as a country were built off the radical and offensive things written about the .
this can be a wonderful thing unless used in the wrong way.
they know better than to start fights or cuss in school.
some books say sexual things in them that offend a race of some type or a gender.
some people say computers cost too much.
its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family.
those are some reasons why the mood of the memoir is grateful.
i already know what the words are so why censor it.
this made him happy because he knew that he was safe and loved with these people.
she is not fair and as well as no dark.
yes computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you you things while you are getting fit.
you should go hangout outside.
you can drive a person crazy.
story is not about sex, but about feelings of entrapment and the relationships one has with other people.
libraries have always been an outstanding source for information.
my first reason that computers are a positive device to have is they can give you extra knowledge.
i will not waste money in buying cakes and arranging big parties to celebrate my birthday.
the light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging.
in a senior high school students should have a right to read whatever type of book they please.
when people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life.
in the story the author described many features from the setting which all greatly effected the cyclist.
the author shows the love of his culture, home, and family.
our earth is one of them.
be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds.
it is very unlikely a child would ever see the materials in question.
one is that people are not spending any time in nature!
i am also afraid to tell you that i have seen a censorship problem with our public libraries.
but when it does come to the pornography that should not be exposed in a public place such as a library.
this is what we are putting into our movies and books and magazines, and putting into the children of heads.
i conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is.
so all the people of keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology.
what the country finds, however, is that it cannot effectively memorialize the tragedies.
for a cyclist every thing becomes more serious.
they could choose to stay away from that sort of thing.
which caused him to get very thirsty and drink all his water.
if computers are so great now, just imagine what they will be like in or years.
for all she knows, the people could be living in igloos.
freedom to chose is something every person can have, such as what type of clothes you wear.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
i think has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers.
this would mainly be because you would only have one point of view, the point of view that is perfect for everybody.
the words that they say in songs, the things we see in movies, and the picture we see in magazines are getting out of hand.
today, computers are helping the world in many ways.
i strongly believe we should take magazines off the shelves.
with a computer with a dose drive, you can watch any .
computers also help you with your school work by helping you with homework.
like i said before, when you use the computer you use it for an extended amount of time.
but it also allows us to communicate with the people online.
music is a freeing way to express oneself in a not so violent way.
parents and other people have been concerned about the censorship of libraries.
this shows that his parents taught his something important without telling him by showing him.
the heat made him get dehydrated faster while he was using energy.
lastly, with computers you can talk to people around the world.
if you just sit there moving your hand you are not really burning calories.
computers are a serious issue.
based on the memoir, the mood created by the author is one of friendliness, thankfulness, and caring.
the cyclist could get caught in a sudden heat wave to drop in temperature.
television will block out things such as language, nudity, alcohol, drugs, and things of that nature.
they can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together.
the internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas.
can you see now why i believe that having computers around is good.
with a good strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym.
they can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family and receive news about what is happening around the world.
did you know that of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online.
he had to travel a lot further then he had planned to.
books will take a few days and you only have days to research, create, and organize your project and data.
i think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising.
while you are on the computer you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and find out if you have any homework.
i can connect to this because i had a relative, who admitted that he gained at least five pounds.
he has been thinking about the problem for years.
becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences.
the computer is a good way to contact family and friend.
many abandoned factories, the cyclist tried many methods to decrease his thirst including sucking on stones.
it gets shipped to our house in less than a week.
the setting with no one around make him lose a lot of confidence.
when people use it they could just use it to play this cool new video game they got.
also in paragraph its a paragraph dedicated to his parents.
typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain.
kids in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments and they learn new stuff about people and things in the world.
if you force something upon a society of readers, then what will they have left for their own minds' freedom?
ignore the adds on the television or computers that have more than what you need to know in them or if they make you feel uncomfortable watching them.
having a computer helps people to keep distant friends and family close in touch.
time my computers crashed and i had a report due but all the books were gone.
if a person wants to check out a book or movie that some people think is offensive, so be it.
picking a book or film to checkout from a library is a small choice, but it is our choice to choose what we can handle.
authors try to get you to understand the world around you, not by trying to offend you in anyway.
when this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight.
do you like your computer?
thank you again for your time spent reading this.
this is how society works today and it is not just because we were brought up that way; this is how we think and how we act.
as to remove books should not be allowed no matter how or what the content of the book be.
the feature of the setting greatly affect the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit.
that is how the area the cyclist enters affects him.
my opinion is that computers do benefit society.
the library should be a place that consist of love, peace and harmony.
the mood of the story is happy.
although i see why some people oppose to computer, i completely and utterly disagree.
there was darkness everywhere.
taking away all of these things, i think, is a mistake.
i literally knew nothing about them and i failed to bring home my book.
do i think that certain materials that are offensive to other people be removed from the libraries?
it is our way of expressing freedom of speech, and that is an integral part of our country and our culture
what would you say to them?
he had no other way of figuring out about how to handle fights, drugs, and alcohol unless he read about them in a book.
if you have you are aware that there are some ideas in this book that bring up many controversies.
i think they need to be removed from shelves or put away.
kids can use computers to find information they need quickly.
they just ignore it, the world needs more people like that.
computers make life so much easier.
like i said you can do anything.
they spend their pocket money and relish sweet dishes.
everything is new again.
arguing just decreases the social time spent.
you can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard.
many things interest different people.
to me censorship laws in libraries are not needed.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
since some internet sources are very social, and not all people are kind, mean and inappropriate articles and language could be read.
we also use the computers for the programs they have.
i strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us.
these are the reasons why the computers is a bad thing, so remember these tips, take this article into consideration.
this sentence puts me in a really excited mood because it reminds me of when my own house is filled with loud music during the summertime.
let us allow our words to flow freely.
so for the censorship towards different groups of people, there will have to be some tolerance.
censorship in the libraries.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
we should plant more trees to keep the air fresh.
should libraries ban certain books just because of some contend on one page?
likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing.
for ' for example was banned in public schools for some reason.
although it has many recreational purposes as well, it also can be very helpful in your life.
one person can slowly make a difference, person by person; that is exactly what this family did.
that person should clearly just not read the book or let their children read the book.
for example, toddlers and children can use programs such as ().
they should not remove the books completely they should just warn people of the language.
none was poor and none was unfortunate.
most people who are and again.
my opinion on this matter is that agree that computer are bad and people are spending.
if someone wants to read a book or watch a video, they should be able to.
another way of communication is through email.
so click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email.
this shows that no matter what will his parents.
you can play all the music you want.
computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge.
do you see much difference?
so nothing should be banned and just keep it and everything will still be the same.
many parents of young kids are always wondering what their kids are doing at school.
therefore, the setting of the story affect affects the conflict and the solution.
another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users.
first, computers need electricity to run.
the human imagination can create beautiful works of literary art and music, but it can also create material not suitable for every age group.
we should always think carefully before acting.
i will teach the poor children without only charge.
spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer.
also he runs out of water very quickly because of being dehydrated in the heat.
this would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem.
sometimes it helps show what mood the reader has in the story.
he could not get any water or any directions.
in conclusion even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects which can cause serious problems.
these are reasons why i think they should be able to censor books, music, movies, and also magazines.
that affected him because he would have been more exhausted from peddling.
i hope you have enjoyed reading this and hope to see you on my side toward this topic.
this can lead them into getting obese.
it is disappointing to think that people nowadays focus on the graphic scenes in a novel, versus the exceptional writing style.
unfortunately, it is not always easy to cater to every single persons individual takes on the world.
they need to get outside get some exercise.
with freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want.
so they can write an essay in text language and when typing it over students choose what they mean from spellcheck and move on.
it was very hard to bike in these conditions, and is important to always be prepared and know were you are going.
dear local newspaper i think some peoples are not to much on the computers.
no people in sight lacked security and water, also no buildings.
, i can tell you reason why.
the censorship on books can also be completely outrageous too.
the world will never be perfect!
if people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease.
lastly, the mood is one of caring and welcome to friends and neighbors they considered family.
they told me about my mother living in .
need to go outside more and be active.
a picture on a computer cannot even compare to what it is really like.
your body need water to work right.
the internet is also not a very safe place.
the shocking part was that almost the whole school was reading that book.
all information is helpful in some way.
we learn and understand at different rates.
there are many forms of entertainment in the world today.
so if you ever consider getting a computer the answer is yes because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility.
so please keep reading my letter and i will tell you the side effects of the computer.
, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come.
if the library took these kinds of materials off of their shelves then they would lose business.
if you buy computer games like a cooking game you can learn how to cook.
i began breaking the ride down into distress i could make it test for.
there are many things we can do to stop our children from watching, listening, and learning about these negative things in life.
take my word for it.
it also lets you communicate with your family, friends, or other people you need to communicate with.
why waste your time?
the reason being on why i stopped being his friend was he to get mad if i come over there to ask if he can come outside.
you just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life.
when these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to eliminate unreliability and danger of the computer.
if our society cannot even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other type?
if i was going to take music off the shelf it would only be the ones with a lot of bad language.
which i really miss her.
do you want that or slow information found in a boring book?
in conclusion i believe that the materials that show offense to certain people should stay.
the author concludes the last paragraph to show that after a time period you can come back and try something again.
do you want to decide for yourself or have some one with you every step of the way.
this is why i explain the mood as happy, enjoyable, and worth living.
you gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills.
it has all facilities a good school should have-well furnished classrooms, laboratories, library, and playground.
, computers offer many learning opportunities.
but it is the misuse of time.
my second reason that computers are extremely good for us is that they are entertaining.
the library is a place for all people no matter who you are, how old or ugly.
you are probably thinking, computers sound so childish and infantile.
mostly teenagers have this problem.
back in my military days, nothing helped better than talking.
in conclusion i think it all depends on what kinds of kids are going into the library.
many people use computers.
he was excited to know that he knows where hes heading too.
banning books in libraries needs to change.
but i hope to find some good home again.
imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an a in that class.
eight out of ten surveyed by the national nature admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer.
it also make them think that there ideas would not matter and no one would be able to appreciate them.
in my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item.
any article, song, or film could be offensive.
i came on family and many families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with father or brother or whole or cousin.
no little kid should be looking at or saying those things.
as you can see jobs use the computer.
there is all different kinds of stuff in there.
not everything in our lives has to be controlled by someone, so people should lighten up and give some freedom of choice.
these are the various moods that the author had in the memoir.
they would start a conversation with you like they would ask you for your name and where you live.
certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy.
many people, a days work at home, they have their own office.
so whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online!
many people want to go to places but they do not know what the place looks like or where it is.
they say this because a computer screen catches peoples attention.
this quote show the love and warmth of everyone in the family and how a house can bring people together.
there are many possibilities as to why the author ended her story, winter hibiscus, in the way that she did.
i strongly disagree that books should be removed if they are found offensive to a specific group, person, or community.
yet if this is truly the case, why does the censorship debate still rage?
finally, the bait store gave him the relief that he needed at the end of his trip.
as one kept her and culture alive through memories, she would continue a successful life and pass her test.
another mood this memoir gives is gratefulness and gratitude to the authors family and home.
when he finds no one to help & nothing around him he sucks on a pebble to keep his mouth hydrated.
and is most certainly not fair to the reader who is reading the book.
on that long bike ride the cyclist was affected by the setting.
and everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you could be qualified in?
luckily by next day my temperature came down to normal.
now would you want that?
we need these books for future generations so that we are able to teach and guide them.
is one of the moods because all every one in the neighbor hood got along.
any one has the right to anything.
this shows how the author grew up helping people.
if people were not allowed to take risks, what would become of our society?
many students around the country forget homework once in a while, because of helpful computers they can fix their problems easily.
these two things consist of the signs.
i think every should be like this, it would help make the world a better place
everyone thinks different and have their own opinions therefore, they should all be able to listen to whatever.
they also have the right to not read the book at all.
some elder people were sitting on the other side.
plus computers help people make money.
we returned home tired but very happy.
you can' look for that trip of a lifetime in a book.
some say kids are like sponges.
we would also have less censorship for people who only try to spread there ideas.
the mood created by the author is welcoming and warm.
most of all wont you miss your friends?
a heat stroke can be fatal to anyone, especially those with heart problems.
when getting rid of offensive books, we remove history.
there is a chance to move on there is hope.
next i believe that computers benefit society because keeps people organized.
i do not want to be the same as everybody else.
they make collections in the name of relief and misappropriate for personal benefit.
during the you can go to the beach with your friends.
dear , you know that in every families own a computer?
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
everyone needs to hear it because true.
it is only natural to disagree with someone.
these are or the many problems computers cause.
, his view on things.
in this way, shell always have a little piece of her past with her.
not two miles into the next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing, reveals the cyclist.
should censorship be allowed in libraries?
the wildlife also had an impact on him.
they should be mature enough to get through a book that has name calling and uses the profanity without laughing or taking it offensive.
because of that, i feel that there should not be a restriction on what books a library puts on their shelves.
others think library censorship is wrong, that people should have access to whatever material they please.
it holds information and has website when the internet they.
many families have different values they want to pass on to their children, morals they hope to teach them.
in the final paragraph, she vows to take the test again when the hibiscus buds.
the postman collects these letters and sends them to their destination.
the more smart you become overall.
but then again, a parent could bring their kids into those sections so they can find their books without leaving their child unattended.
it is needed has many advantages.
the paragraph helps bring a sense of closure to the story.
all magazines can be offensive to people just by looking at the cover and who the cover person is.
libraries need to take control of this issue the right way.
i strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers.
a joke not suitable for a child under to read, hear, or watch.
to the grandmother, is offensive.
the authors parents risked so much for their son.
and he looks at them.
will create fewer arguments between adults and set an example for younger children who are observing their parents behaviors.
that gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world.
the features of the setting can physically exhaust and mentally strain the cyclist, which makes it harder for him or her to keep going
the setting greatly affects the cyclist and his mindset.
being lucky for what you have also is a synonym for grateful, meaning that the mood of this memoir was grateful.
if it is educational, it be useful to some people.
shows that of people in the go on the computer for help with their.
another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now.
people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients.
in such ways, this can show anger.
either that, of the towns said to be, a ghost town.
also, technology is rapidly advancing, and sometime in the future, i think libraries will become extinct.
my suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books.
with five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy.
computers are and best way to do a project.
it teaches you thing but not every thing it teaches is good.
books have information about people doing things to other people just because of their race.
hospitality is one of the best qualities you need to make a house a home and the author really stretches that.
he often mentions fears of dropping dead, being eaten by vultures, and, at one point, even wishing death upon himself via choking albeit jokingly.
recently people are trying to censorship libraries for what they seen what their kids are reading or have been acting lately.
although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people.
some say that computers are bad for you but they can really benefit society.
children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way.
but it is the reading which brings perfection about the subject of concern.
another reason why i think children should have the right to the computer is because of the information they learn and discover.
but i feel that we can find a balance between the two views.
a lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers.
please use computers to help our everyday routine.
the area that i would be most concerned with would be the young adult section.
dear , the effects computers have on people can be hurting our society or it can also be helping society.
if you take these things away certain people will not have the entertainment they have enjoyed with the things they have read or things could possibly read
libraries should not censor them.
let it go and stick to what you know and like.
we all have our opinions and we can speak our minds, but sometimes we do not get want we always want.
three features i found were the lack of the water, the heat and the conditions and limits of the road.
therefore there is plenty of variety in these libraries.
she stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five to get her away from her computer.
it would be terrible, but if you looked it up on the internet, you would know the truth about it.
what if you would like to buy a plane ticket to to help?
when parents get movies they try and keep those scenes hidden from their children.
traveling on a flat road requires much less effort then climbing hills.
lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research.
that sentence indicates how much he loved his parents for doing that.
many things about the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
will take a few hours, but you will be educated.
i always thought how the human body works is incredible.
business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything?
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for a couple of different reasons.
hard truth of responsible people turning into betrayers is depicted quite efficiently in this movie.
research, communication act.
inside the museum, he showed me many things.
is very important to spend time with your family.
everyone has a book they have read that does that to them.
computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you.
another example is the singer .
items like these are meant for adults only.
first, they can help you learn about new subjects.
these are poetry, music, excursions, meeting people and reading thought provoking books and magazines.
this is problem in the country because if we become lazy then we could ruin our country.
first, computers have bad effects on people because it makes you unhealthy.
this complicated device can also save files and documents by typing them in so that if it is lost you could just reprint it out.
should offensive material be censored?
communication with people around the world is a huge advantage.
computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society.
i was able to talk with my classmate and ask her questions online.
not all use an email, some use instant messaging.
a setting the cyclist faces is that its so hot he keeps taking (drinking) water, and worrying that he is going to run out.
she really likes the hibiscus and when the hibiscus goes back to life in the spring, she will have new energy to take the test again.
what would happen to us with out this wonderful invention?
lastly, censorship is a communist trend.
and that brings us to music.
fresh air is very important for plants and animals too.
first of these is the blazing heat.
they also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away.
people these days read magazines that can be completely harmless but come with an ad.
a college university took poll one time.
i am proud of my friend.
but most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done.
these people brain wash people, convince them to meet, and rape and kill them.
the computer is a great, easy way to keep organized.
please take this letter into consideration.
also, libraries can do many things so that certain contents not be near others.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
the one without the computer needs to go to the library.
one of the features was the lack of water.
you just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you.
this is why i believe the author ended with this paragraph.
having to computers can help students to learn.
sometimes people will do anything to get help or go anywhere to find it.
there is no point in removing any material from libraries because you would accomplish nothing.
i would like to that the i for sitting and reading my essay.
finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean.
but she is able to realize that this is her new home and everything is becoming more familiar to her.
that is why i think the computer has a great effect on people.
they get easy money by begging.
on a computer you can also learn about historic and famous people.
you could also meet new people.
if you let a child grow up to listen and watch what they want the odds they might not do good in school.
will just take up all of your time.
man can live a happy life only if he plants more trees.
websites that are colorful and fun can teach kids how to multiply and read.
there are more reasons how people are being affected by computers, but these are the most common.
books, music, and other offensive stuff in libraries are minor compared to the internet.
the winter is a symbol of the hardships she has and will continue to go through.
with the new computers, people are able to talk with people all over the world.
i learned to get my voice heard, i needed to do it in an appropriate manner.
do you see the difference?
there where a computer can help you.
we have learned to accept everybody no matter what color they are.
most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
another reason why computers are a good things is because you can catch up on all of the recent stories.
if there was a type of censorship, it would be taking away what some person would like to enjoy.
instead you could be on the computer the whole time playing games of some sort.
however, the public needs to be educated on the cultures of different people.
the other callers were saying that she needed to get out of our country, and were cursing at her.
there are so many different types and styles of music.
that way the people who like that kind of stuff can still get to it but the children can not.
have you ever wanted to play outside but it was raining or your friends were not around.
authors have the right to write what they want.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is happy and grateful.
this gives me the feeling of thankfulness and to really admire what my parents have done for me.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in several ways.
i know not a book, but to the computer.
i was addicted to it.
well, i sure think using a computer has a great effect on people.
these are all things you would not like your children to use, see, or do.
who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes?
one reason i do not believe that there should be censorship in libraries is that tons of good books are lost because of it.
the first reason why believe computers are good is because many kids in school will need them.
inside the forest, there was very little sunlight.
making a section for adults would help stop kids from reading adult material.
man does not live by bread alone.
computer games distract from kids learning.
if literature keeps being censored, there will be none left for future generations to enjoy.
readers the computer can help you in your school work.
as i was reading, i began to have a deep hatred of the main character.
there will always be certain books that some of us find offensive.
then he takes rest for some time under a shady tree.
the concluding paragraph in the story winter hibiscus portrays the powerful massage of change from a cold, distant failure to adapt, to a new life.
the cyclist although thirsty and tired is determined to get through and find a town.
maintenance of law is his duty.
books can not be taken off the shelf just for their content.
fresh air is good for you, you.
those are some features of the setting that affected the cyclist on his journey.
most of the time, you not even know who it is your speaking with.
but how do you get to your boss?
without computers people could not learn new things.
you would get addicted to being on the computer all the time.
one of them is books i hate them with all of my heart.
the hibiscus also reminds her of her home.
however, i tend to believe that the computer is not necessary.
that is how the mood is created by the author.
new is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town.
by allowing the censoring of libraries it would decrease the amount of information available to the public.
people can use , , and etc.
adults who go to work everyday really need to use computers!
they use their computers for work and games children use the computer to learn.
computers are good because they help kids learn, communicate with others, and help teach responsibility.
i believe the same thing goes for movies and magazines.
the match was played in the playgrounds of our school.
that their child watches, change it!
the budding of plant and spring represent new life.
about of collage students go online and do challenge.
they lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community.
in my opinion, i think that some people use and rely on computers too much.
they make the hearts of the people melt.
but should those materials be removed from the library?
one person deem inappropriate could be viewed as totally fine with another person.
censorship solves no problems, but it makes everyone unhappy.
it is our choice to watch the movie without no one telling us if we should or not.
as well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it.
then maybe the library should consider removing the item.
this is great, its so convenient to be to go an instant message.
he became dehydrated.
computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home.
last but not least you could just enjoy it.
they help education make everything and traveling is .
like i said everyone is different.
she talks about how things should be taken of the shelf to prevent the children from seeing it.
it all right there, together.
it is grateful in a few ways.
it can help you find a job.
the people would not be the only thing out of hand.
instead if i was to use the it would take days.
if you ask me, there are a lot more offensive things on the then there are in books.
that could be taken as brainwashing!
online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others.
everyone should have computers, because you can search different things.
furthermore, on the computer you and all you clients can hold a conference call.
also, you must have a membership to that department.
if every single person was able to ban one book in the , what would we have left?
this whole journey was all mental.
i see those books as our history, those topics are taught to us in school and we will most likely hear about such things as we grow up.
it would be hard to get the right kind of information off the internet because not everything is correct on there.
there are many forms of entertainment that could be taken the wrong way and be offensive to people.
also you can get information on places you will visit.
next computers help us with our school work.
on there you can fin what ever your looking for.
there is a lot of offensive music too.
in the everyday world people who break the law are put into jails and prisons.
there have been a couple of times where i have walked in a library where i found a couple of books that was offensive towards me.
another reason that the materials should stay on the shelf is because many people like different things.
we should not give anything to those beggars who are healthy but they don’t want to.
the only problem is finding appropriate books that are both compelling and enthralling.
this would help the readers realize what time a day it was and how hot it was.
should not be removed from the shelves just because certain people find them offensive.
i am sending this letter to you about my views on censorship in libraries.
the society as a whole had lost human emotions and became submissive to the government.
i used to have a very close friends, but after we switched schools i never heard from her.
our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons.
the only thing she knew of was a flower that grew wild where she lived.
do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone?
in conclusion censoring libraries is a bad idea.
the pain will always be there.
the world is full of possibilities though, anything could happen.
if its there to read then let it be read instead of hiding it from them it only makes children more anxious to read or see it.
if someone lives to far away and their is something important then the is great.
is a huge thing to worry about kids all over are on their computer than outside.
the strenuous activity of biking combine d with the scorching heat of the desert began to take effect.
that is the sound of your family members trying to talk to you when your on the computer.
children can find out the password and net around .
she finally had something from home that she could hold.
in the short story, do not exceed posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in the story.
for example, there is a song by the band .
if you need to know something you can just type it in and, boom!
they can get this practice from exercise catching ball, threading a needle, or using a computer.
not looking at a computer screen.
he had lack of water, and the water he did have tasted like battery acid.
you can never say that anyone thing is offensive to everyone because no one person can be everyone.
and lastly, the readers, who can do all of the above and read!
computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles.
you could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps make learning about other countries easier.
like i said in my first paragraph, everywhere you go you see somebody wired into an electronic device.
kids will become overweight.
the coolies were moving about carrying luggage on their heads.
in my conclusion using a computer is very useful and very important nowadays.
so, as you can see technology, benefits our society in a big way.
i think if your child checks a book out from the library he or she should return it in a week.
a library is a family place not a fun zone for adults.
you can as almost every question and a computer will have it.
computers encourage users to be more organized!
i know that i have made friends over the years that have moved away and that i have lost touch with.
thanks to the computer we found a doctor to help my dad get fixed.
i hope you understand this better.
this quote proves that the heat of the desert is taking a toll on him.
this can not only take up their time outside, but it can ruin their life.
should taking books, music, and movies off shelves of libraries even be questioned?
so she took it home and showed her mom, then her mom look at her weird, because in the story it said that you what?
they enjoy simple dress and adorn their houses with necessary furniture.
my last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running.
censorship holds back many artists true potential.
they are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh.
more and more movies are advertising sex and drugs in their movies.
books and music should be removed if not used for something that is in good use.
everyone has a different view on things.
the newspaper should also have a very strict code of ethics to which it should conscientiously adhere to.
people use computers for fun!
in conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people.
because then things can get out of control.
a computer also has many great sources you can learn from, like an online website that has fun called .
therefore, to allow books to be read, music listened to, and movies watched is to allow everyone the freedom of writing down their thoughts or stances.
now you, can d everything from your computer.
is this the right thing to do?
the flower was creatively used by ho.
so then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives.
that she could just walk knowing that somewhere out there in the world that her father would be waiting for her.
having many different kinds of people sharing this material, the libraries must try to have material to please everyone.
we can also search any topic from a computer anywhere.
it should not be on the shelf of any book store i think if the grow up does read it no child should have the right to.
dear , i am writing this letter to state my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
i think the use of computers is very good things in the present day .
my last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education.
first, we can learn about the places we want to go to.
i for one think computers benefit society today, and those people who think otherwise should look into it one move step.
when he wrote his tales, he made the high class people sort of mean while he made the lower caste people on the humbler side.
the feeling could be described as homey.
while others disagree.
people can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them.
instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on you can make a decision simply to watch that kind of show.
he weakening as he pedaled along the changing terrain as he was trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
another reason why i believe books should not be censored is because without offensive books, we would never learn from terrible mistakes.
at first when he sees the tall pines and the river he is calm: and chilled out.
both of these people are good with their hands and they could of become that way by using computers.
people meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.
dear editor, name is and i am a year old girl; yet active in reading the daily newspaper.
i think that there could be some things adults can read and some things kids can read.
she is ready for spring to be here, so that she can study and pass the test, and work at the flower .
each person has had topics that offend them but the libraries can not make all happy.
some reasons include: the put down on races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and who it was written towards.
if we made the change the age limited on movie we might be even better off .
the fun messages are what makes everything so great.
if a book is too explicit for children, simply place the book in another section.
if a book or movie was offensive to a group of people, then they burned the books.
it seems you cannot always make everyone happy.
parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or out with friends.
that someone else happiness is the true gift of life.
people are very easily distracted on computers, it wastes time, and it causes stress.
i know for a fact us teens watch funny movies to make our rough day turn into a better day , well that is what i do at least.
the mood is basically is being happy with what you have.
eight out of ten people talk to another person almost every day on the computer.
the author does a good job showing the readers how the setting affects the cyclist.
mid way through i came to the understanding that the book was truly about a young girl my age being raped.
dear , people these days rely too much on technology.
this is because we all have to go through some point in school where we find something offensive for example wars, slavery, and politics.
‘clean management’ makes the benefits go to all in the from of comforts.
he says the sun began taking harder ran and the terrain turned into short rolling hills.
adults should be able to watch all movies.
wedding are grand affairs.
like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her.
you could talk to your friends online about something in school or whatever.
in the memoir there is more the one mood, but this is the main one.
family to take time from away from us.
family to him that he be learned is not just his parents, sisters and brothers.
there is simply some material that is not appropriate for children, and it should not be put in our public libraries.
some site like allow you to instant message your friends.
the heat because it drains your energy quick.
thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
books are our best companions as we never feel alone in the company of books.
some of the literature and other material you find in libraries however, are not intended for certain people, such as young children.
i think if you are reading or watching it, then it is at your own fault if you are offended by it.
are very commonly asked questions, and should have attention put toward them.
another reason is just so that they know what is going on around them and so that the individual is informed.
first, we can talk to people in different countries.
in conclusion computers are the best thing that has been introduced to man kind so far in this world.
they want to know about everything and they will ask as many questions as they can.
owners can now have businesses all over the world.
we ignore it and watch or read something that we do not find offensive.
parents can censor what their kids read if they want.
many people was able to flee the city before that happened.
in endemic areas people are prepared.
first off i would like to say the computer is a good source of information.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes.
say growing up your favorite books were the .
it is very important to always be prepared with enough food and water to sustain yourself through an event such as being last.
if the worry is concerning youth, parental guidance should be in affect.
but its also making there life very in healthy.
another feature of the setting that affects the cyclist, is that he is out in the middle of nowhere.
the feeling of generosity comes from the selflessness the parents had for their kids, friends, and family.
i do believe however the reason why every book should be in a library is because all of them are different.
i do not think that a random stranger should have the right to decide what books to allow in a public library.
we as have the right to freely state our opinions and what we believe.
the setting he was in made him a little more wise.
for example, there are books out there that talk about the .
i could not help but ask, why he was taking such pains.
not everyone gets offended by the same things, or the same material.
many of these people better understand others, promoting tolerance.
when your on a computer, are you running?
everyone should not live offended by anything or anyone.
one feature would be the dryness of the land.
there is anther feature the effects the cyclist, and that is no one is around for miles.
new, some people think that all kids are going to do is sit in front of the computer and play games.
some view the library as a place to go and learn and to express yourself and be free.
you will miss out on exercising, nature and especially family and friends.
without computers life as we know it would probably be way different.
i mean that he always had something to do.
the speed limit was and he was going so it must have been hard to get over all the bumps.
an additional part of the setting which caused major doubt was that he was in a deserted desert.
for example, in video stores they have and adult section that only adults enter not children.
since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese.
the small engine ran on the narrow rail tracks.
have you ever wanted to know what the capital of is, or what the weather is in ?
also explains about his community and the diversity there.
the setting effects the cyclist very much.
computers are growing daily.
there are so many things that effect our opinions.
that shows her important computers are and how convenient.
lastly there was a mood of family.
an example firm the texted is i noticed that terrain changing.
offensive material will be out in the world.
in the memoir it says that the parents let friends and family stay with them until they got back on their feet.
although they is struggling but they are have happiness.
it clearly helps the workplace get attention.
if we were to censor books then there would be nothing to read in libraries.
something seem offensive to one person but someone else find that interesting.
that could waste a lot of time.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, or music should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
in the memoir the author creates many moods with in it.
also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
everyone knows about hackers, and so we avoid them.
sheltering things from kids prevents them from maturing, and discovering the real world.
personally i think they are the worst of all.
many things are offensive, but then again much of life offensive.
i think that it is important that know a meteor is about to strike the world no?
a family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career.
this is what i think of this essay it will be up to the people to choose what they want the listen and hear too.
this affected him because he had no water to drink from.
many people would not approve of having offensive materials in their library.
with the advent of social media, we now have thriving communities of people that want their voice to be heard, and people are listening.
well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside.
well a lot things are but this happens to online chatters.
one more detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make about moving to .
whenever someone is upset it is easy to give up.
so what is my opinion on offensive materials getting removed?
so, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps kids and adults everywhere to get information fast.
another example is this.
yet, look at all of the advantages to a computer.
although the is a government run facility, many people will go elsewhere to find the materials wanted to view the censored media.
i would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence.
children are the future and they need to be taught the right way.
if you ever wanted to go bowling but you never had the time you could play a game online.
i also said rough terrain because he could fall and get hurt with no one around to help.
even though many restrictions put in place, there are still some faults to the system.
i do not believe that certain materials (books, movies, and magazines.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
also it symbolizes rebirth.
but most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you.
not only has this computer crashed once, but twice!
but the only people that actually benefits in life are the website owners.
also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them?
it is not illegal for a library to have a rated movie.
if people really understood what that quote really means then they would have a better understanding of what books actually mean in life.
the fact that if he stops at all, ever, then a snake could easily bite him and that would be the end of it.
so i will say again to consider my ideas.
that road was replaced by a host rolling hills.
with dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go to the with them.
the individual does not need edited objects, or music to listen to the music or other objects without being offended.
i myself love to use the computer, but i make sure to get off after about an hour.
someone who has been a write their whole lives checks out the question, and answers ion great detail.
computer very helpful when social life.
watch all children around the magazines or look at the magazines before allowing them to read it.
people should be aware of their world in which they live.
the computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away.
theirs always something to do or a place to go.
the mood that was created by the author is loving.
at first the mood the author created was .
for example: , he is a very popular author to many different viewing audiences.
the landscape seems to get more threatening too, a ridiculously large shake.
these websites help keep in touch to, with family.
ho ends her story in hope of a new beginning.
also there was nowhere that he could get water around him.
the lack of exercise is increasing fast.
you could use google to search of selling homes in a certain location.
family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it.
the adult books and magazines that might be offensive for children should be in a section in a separate room, or on a different level of the building.
he then felt a little disturbed and worried.
exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person.
a hobby is taken up in spare time.
personally, i hate rap.
a lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine.
it should not be allowed in public where innocent children will be exposed to it.
the main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy.
she listened to the doctor and it took her about three months to get back to the fun she used to be.
this quote means that his parents mood was careful and do anything for people if they needed help.
there is another reason why people go to the library.
it purifies my blood.
in , children spent of their day in front of a computer and outside.
i can connect to that because i used to be a user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me because of it.
unlike an advertisement that might accost us unawares, we must pick up a book and open it to receive its guidance.
studies show that playing a high action game hrs a day will improve eyesight more than eating serving carrots a day.
suppose books be even further distinguished by the location within a library.
having a computer also helps people in need and also inform people about far away places in the the world.
i think it is a bad thing to have them on the shelf in a library.
another reason that no books should be removed is simply because everyone has unique preferences.
or try it for themselves.
they want to because they are inappropriate, but the thing is, they are not inappropriate to everyone.
that book might of also been in there family for a really long time and they want everyone in there family to enjoy that book.
you still have commercials, billboards, etc.
so learn, experience, and express.
would you be hurt and taken back?
when really, protecting them could be harmful.
either way there will be angry people and people that will be bursting with joy.
you can go on the computer and buy a ticket at your convenience.
it should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can.
imagine a world where the government let the media say whatever they want.
if scientists are going to complain about computers than why do they use them?
it relaxes you, pumps you up, it is used for parties, events, and so many other things.
many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising.
some of the older people think different and others they think the same.
i have three reasons to support this statement.
most use this account to talk to their friends online.
everything in the story is about to change.
after reading all the facts surely one would agree that a is a great tool that should be used.
this shows the hospitality of the neighborhood and how caring it was.
in the same store there is a music section and there are children in it all the time.
no one should be denied the chance to learn.
when was the last time you need a computer to help you look up something or someone?
people need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer.
computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much.
the speed limit is also affect the cyclist.
second, people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills.
the peacock can spread the tail like a huge fan.
i particularly enjoyed this memoir.
also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher.
they can find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse.
she has set a goal to accept it.
we as take it very offensive when they are called someone in our own race a .
users of the computer can get feedback from essays, support to something new, and even boost self confidence.
be like me and get rid of your computer.
if you want information its just about typing some keys and a click of a button.
instead of sitting at the computer all people should be out getting exercise.
then you would have to make the graph by hand making sure not to mess up.
new technology like computers can change the world and help things faster.
in our world today, there is a way to find anything that you could ever want under one roof.
this is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites.
or not all day on the computer.
these computers are crazy expensive.
well, with a computer you can look up almost anything with just few clicks of a button.
with computers you can contact people in different parts of the .
generally to keep my attention, i like to read books with a lot of action and an intense plot.
i want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry.
my first reason why i think computers are bad for our society is people are spending to much time on them.
and only occasionally would he get an or two from his asking how his days was.
as i anxiously started reading my book, i found language, drug abuse, and sexual content.
if libraries were to start censoring their books, then the result would be a small selection of drab, emotionless materials.
i feel we all have the right o make own decisions and that we have the right to read or watch what ever we choose.
the new technology is helping people interact over the.
we all sat together listening to her.
computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society.
everybody might not agree on different subject and they would want a certain book, music, movie or magazine censored.
pedophiles use the internet to trick children in to giving their address.
we should be able to read what ever we want.
this are my three ideas to the news paper article.
i know your probably thinking huh?
the computer can do many things you can play online games and chat with friends.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being together.
he later runs out of water, and becomes hopeless.
then at the end in seven his tone is once again loving and grateful.
riding hills hard, but ridding hills with our knowing of something good waiting for you on the other side of the hills.
that is all i am going to tell you.
for example, if you have something really big to say to someone you might want to write on email.
in the memoir the authors tone is loving.
for example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like.
for example i stopped watching the movie, and i stopped reading the book that bothered me.
they are able to make everyday life easier.
people yell at first.
she could even contact her doctors to see her condition after.
as you can see, offensive materials should not be in libraries.
even if some people get offended.
she is convinced that by spring she will be able to overcome this obstacle and have the confidence to pursue any that will arise in her future.
computer, a survey conducted by grade , showed that out of have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain.
he realizes his luck and therefore his memoir is very upbeat and shows that even in hard times, you can live life to its full extent.
i worked hard all night to get it done.
if a library had high censorship and everything was taken off the shelf what is the point of going to the library, it would be an empty room.
sometimes, your letter is even lost, and these is no way of finding out.
i walk barefoot on the grass.
he is preparing for the matriculation examination.
sometimes my little naughty brother tries to pluck the flowers.
i play lots of sports and i love them all.
i hope it all makes sense about how i feel and how i think about things.
there needs to be a limitations to keep certain things away from certain age groups.
helping people is very important in this day an age.
i believe that she feels better because at the end of the paragraph she sounds sure of herself.
researching on the internet.
is what i thought the author in the memoir mood was.
the second reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes not all of the items in the library are put in the right place.
at the same time though many of these books do contain curse words, some sexual scenes, partying, drinking, and doing drugs.
so then you spend nights in bed tossing and turning.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
every book, music or movie will be offensive to some other person and if we take all the offensive stuff out there will be nothing left to read.
firstly, its very educational.
sometimes it is just not enough, children are still getting addicted to some materials at a very early age.
i understand censoring songs and movies, though, so that they be played on the radio and in the theaters.
the mood kind of shows his attitude of hope and that his parent hardships created a good life for him.
halfway through his trip the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
i do not believe that these types of books should be taken off of the shelves.
they even decided to check the magazine out.
so the mood of this memoir is , struggle or not so good and .
everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful.
its cool to not have to even got up to get what you want.
if kids were reading books that the author found offensive, they should get rid of them.
a computer gives you any learn something.
muslim people celebrate ramzan at the end of the fasting period.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of he setting affect how the author feels.
from my experience it did not turn out so good because my mother believed in physical discipline.
statistically, the is the most overweight country.
these materials people find offensive have no reason to be banned.
to most people they are going to want to take those kinds of books off of the shelf.
however, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs.
there are many game , such as come or cam that can be a lot of fun.
other offensive material some adults enjoy reading or watching.
therefore, books that be offensive are listed as such, but are still available to those who want to read them.
it was real troublesome.
there are a lot of positive and negative things about computers.
is an overall mediocre idea, with some exceptions.
he was in the desert and anything could happen.
in the desert his water tasted like the flavor of battery acid.
i think that we should not take them out if they are offensive.
alcohol is the same way.
there are many sick people in the world, and many of them use the internet to find people.
this means he was running out of water too fast for the amount of land he was covering.
as i got ready while my position paper this year.
they have so much information that if you were to go to the library, you would be there all day.
traveling by bus in an enjoyable experience and i prefer traveling by my car.
they give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people.
people would be to similar and have little to no differences to themselves from others.
well now this is more than possible through the advances in technology.
some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists.
so i decided to stop.
they need to make a living on the street.
apparently that is not a message worth teaching the youth of .
although some experts say that computers do us no good, computers benefit our society very much.
you just simply have to grab a new book.
it is easy for the children to look at books for them and for adults to do the same.
my advice, computers are terrible.
if censorship is allowed, what is to come is frightening.
when we got to the library, things got worse.
without knowing how to type you not get any top class jobs.
no body ever said that they had to buy what the person in front of you is buying.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy because you take the time looking up information for school projects.
some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else.
many features of the story effected the mood of the story.
libraries across the world are facing the obstacle of censorship.
of kids that spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for test.
remain on the shelf?
but on one afternoon, something felt wrong.
we need to protect our freedoms, but also protect our children.
we come in contact with other people traveling.
oftentimes parallels can be drawn between the wild and the tamed.
the reader feels a sense of comfort.
computers help in a positive way.
this takes time to learn but out over internet i learned it quickly.
i once spent hours on my computer on .
computers also play in a social role.
a lot of people go online and play games on numerous websites.
the articles would probably be after the events occur.
the people who want to see the latest movies that just came out, are usually going to see some type of violence.
in conclusion, it is a good idea to keep computers to use.
computers are the greatest tool mankind has.
also state that the other of fortune companies plan to switch to computer based operations by the end of .
we live in a world where people are influenced by the things they read, watch, and listen to.
know anything about the sport know how to dress for it to keep their body at a comfortable temperature but sometimes the weather plays tricks on us.
as you can see having a computer can be fun, but its not the only thing to do on a computer.
is sort of cruel in one way but the topic the author is trying to get across is not.
there should only be book and movies where you a re able to learn something in your local library.
while these examples seem relatively innocent, there are many cases where they can be found very offensive.
in the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think.
they let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly.
without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read.
like the program excel, created this to make a simple way to organize data.
but if a book talks about certain things it should be banned, such as hate against other races, or it talks negatively about someones religion.
the second master loved pets.
every human in the is entitled to their own choice of religion.
movies are rated by the language and content they have in it.
as , we are entitled to both freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
since there was rolling now, the cyclist had to keep cycling and drinking his water until he could find a place to stop.
also, the sign advertising grape juice probably made him feel life was even crueler with its sadistic irony.
says about the internet site .
there are so many things that little kids can see.
it also starts to get hotter and he gets thirsty more often.
should certain materials in libraries be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
so having music at libraries is just giving them a free way to get it.
this is why computers can make you not exercise.
you go to a library to read books, music, and magazines, but soon you find out that there are very offensive books.
friend was getting very upset at this point.
finally is the tumbleweeds.
according to a study done by the , the largest cause obesity is actually computers!
without computers life would be harder and boring!
if censorship continues, the future of literature is doomed.
i wanted to be brave and be strong.
a man tells many lies and tries to prove that he following the path of truth.
you can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library.
as a teenager each book i look at its always about sex or gang violence.
the author creates a grateful mood.
the computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies.
the present world is a fast running one.
that is why there should be censorship of certain materials, to a certain degree.
music is something that mostly everyone listens to.
with all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it?
lastly, health issues are raising rapidly!
in my opinion, i think the computer does benefit society in many ways.
he appreciates what his parents have done for him.
show or you can watch music videos.
(unless you have a bad internet connection) you think these reasons are making a good argument?
there is just to name a few.
this made the trip harder for him because now he was focused on finding water and not on his ride.
of people that use the almost everyday are students.
in this period, they do not eat at the day time.
for example, my aunt, uncle and cousin in .
get this need of life, invest in a computer!
his name is ram lal.
yes i agree, every material has something in it that another person does not like.
everyone is an individual and is different in their own way.
cycling is a vigorous exercise and can take much strength out of a rider.
there should be an age limit on some materials however.
if you had a friend or family member move away, computers are an easy way to contact them.
does using a computer mess up your life in some ways i would say no.
once you read this letter, then you will understand my reasoning.
i believe that no one should decide for us
we do have books here that are kept behind the librarians desk that if you really wanted to read that book its behind her desk.
i think that these are all very important.
so as you can tell the features of the scenery road affected him greatly.
the help us in many other ways too.
if the music is rap, pop, or country they could just get it from instead of the library providing it.
features of the setting affect the cyclist in a great way his journey would not be as difficult if these factors had not crossed his path.
you become more if you go more it gives you a chance to hang out with some neighborhood kids.
instead of instant messaging call them.
do you like learning about faraway exotic land and animals?
next reason is to go outside, you can enjoy more stuff like sports, tag, and other activities.
studies show that computer games are better at preparing a child for school than textbooks and worksheets.
so we need to act now limit compute usage!
the libraries being a place to study and learn should have a bus load different things even if some take offensive to it.
i think you should have to have permission from a parent, or guardian if the material is explicit.
media can range from newspapers, to magazines, to the radio, and through the television.
this makes the author need more water than he normally would.
the setting of the desert is a hard setting to be in with no water or help.
i think this is the mood the author used in the memoir.
it all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are.
there are some things that can be offensive in a library like prejudice books or music.
this information is very harmful and should not be allowed to children.
i think that censorship deals with an age group and the permission of the parent(s) or guardian(s).
would you give them the right to keep it from you?
that shows the fall of man.
the internet was an amazing idea.
my opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and i support this technology.
they can also help us keep in touch with our loved ones.
my first reason is that they give you information about a place that you might be interested to see or know their culture.
this lowers your ability to do on the test.
no, having experiences is only half the point of living; sharing it is the rest.
the cyclist begins to get thirsty when he comes upon a water pump.
so the heat gone drive you insane and make you thirty and you have a bite.
dear, newspaper i would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would fall apart.
computers have a positive effect on people.
they allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant.
should be removed for profanity and drugs.
movies that can teach them history although there is very graphic content.
about their kids, what happens if they want to playing they have nothing also to do card their?
she would also take the test because it is comforting to her and reminds her of home
just go on your computer and play some game or just find some activities you whole family could do.
he tells his parents this to let them know how brave he thinks they are.
the cyclist is in the worst mental state in this place.
not all things online are like that though.
when the cyclist did approach a town, it was abandoned.
the rolling hills where he had to pedal up and down and the desert with no water in sight just dry land.
where can you learn these?
though certain books or magazines have offensive subjects or materials in them, if they were to be removed, how would we learn?
the cyclist is constantly worried about passing out and dying of dehydration.
everyone loves staying on the computer.
interpretation of great scriptures, classics and literature, autobiographies of great men, history etc.
where would businesses be without computers?
computers keep children inside all day.
though people check these books out, many others find them either offensive or think they should not mix with every day books.
also, people could learn about amazing places.
children today are exposed to more explicit topics, but i doubt they would want to read a book about them.
also, computers' prices are constantly rising.
the flower, outside in the cold, must adapt to its surroundings in order to survive.
the censorship of that society had gone so far that no one did anything, they just sat at home and watched the television all day.
and hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society.
it rids patrons of their right to choose and their freedom.
in this story, the features of the setting heavily affect the cyclist.
however, is not the only one that has gained hand eye coordination from computers.
libraries are a place for learning and work.
the computer can be used in many ways.
fake and dangerous info when we have book.
looking at places far away is always an option.
only fun and energized people get out and get active.
being in the intense heat and with know water he never gives up and knows he can make it to the park safely.
so what are you doing readers?
it teaches us about everything & everything.
they can be good, but too much is a bad thing.
the books that interest me the most are fiction books.
it would of taken me forever to there, so instead i went online and talked to him.
now i talk to him all the time.
however the adult magazines should not be showing people with barely any clothes on, or any sexual scenes, and neither should teenage magazines.
other opinions wont matter.
some people take offense to them.
i think that since he talks about his friends and neighbors so well that it is a happy neighborhood.
machine designed to do a lot of difficult work for us.
you can even get to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you not have knew how to sound out.
his parents made it into a home with loving memories and his family moments.
in the beginning he had a positive attitude but once he arrived at the first town his attitude started to go down from there.
but bad books poison our minds.
it gives them great pleasure to see them happy and satisfied.
i believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people.
social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past.
now you know why computers help people develop better hand eye coordination.
a rider should make a plan and use determination to get to where they need to go.
let them make money, they can sell whatever they want.
recently she has been getting off the computer and making more time with family and friends.
they live in a beautiful house that has bedrooms.
it is denying the composers their right to freedom of speech.
the mood is a mixture of both happy and sad because of the way the author states his ideas.
we are all the same deep down inside.
we learn about the things we do in life because the state has requirements that have to be passed.
in this memoir it talks about what the true meaning of selflessness and a home really is.
in addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing.
one setting that affected him was the first setting.
some people like the content it shows.
the library would lose people because of books being censored.
when you could simply go online and look it up on the computer?
i have an opinion about this and it might not effect everyone in the world but i do hope so.
it was describing how old it was then the cyclist got some out but it tasted like old battery acid.
they have to say it.
now does some of those books seem a little better now?
the problem i think is people not think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it mean.
there were even doctor books with graphic images.
everything and everyone has to be perfect.
some magazines that contain graphic material are very educational, such as .
education is the most important thing you need in your life.
first, the lack of civilization contributes to an uneasy feeling and an inability to refill his water bottle.
of all, cherished every moment lived.
i think that these website are dangers because somebody can hack in to your file and they can try to talk to you like their your friend.
this is why the author concluded that way.
in emails you can attach pictures and files with text to communicate.
well those are my thoughts on rather or not you should remove materials that some people find offensive.
they can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong.
by saying she would try to pass the test again in the spring is showing she is confident and is looking for a new beginning to come then.
she thinks that once she forgets all of the bad things she went through the previous year.
you want to be know for destroying an important part of history
in fact the are the best bet for a better future.
it was nothing cool about it.
they try to do a better job of cleaning it up in the sense of picture, censoring out body parts and on the worldwide coverage stations their mouths.
every story has a unique style, which appeal to some and not to others.
the guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk.
there should be a huge meeting.
it wanders about in the plants.
due to seeing this they get bad ideas and possibly lead them the wrong way in life.
you be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing.
this be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper.
there is no way to censor the universal language that music provides.
you to watch popular with today.
in the story, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
the setting affected the cyclist greatly.
those websites could help a lot in our education.
i believe that there are certain movies, music, and other things that are bothering parents.
while someone dislike a teen magazine because of how it effects youth, another find it inspiring.
hopefully with this essay, i have persuaded you or at least informed you on the cons of censorship in libraries
computers allow use to play games, and learn about almost anything.
they are too coming back, getting ready to start their new life.
we must change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy appliance we call a computer.
i remember when i was twelve, the news was saying that a school was taking books off the shelf because it offended one person in the school.
and i hope it sticks around for a long time.
the will always be thankful to her parents for that reason.
if the materials propose things like racism, i would like those items taken off the shelves.
furthermore, computers are making people lazier.
students use computers for information on school reports in , , , or .
instead, my father called using .
if she will stick through it or not.
just for a moment, think what would the world be like without computers.
you disconnect yourself from your family.
computers have a positive effect on people because it helps learn about places, talk to their family, and keep track of their job.
you just need to get used to their surroundings.
he realized this was going to be hard.
online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone.
first off, one contributing factor is that computers help us keep in contact.
people would start to cut down on the amount of time they spend on their computers and start to live.
if things offend you, how would the next person learn?
my second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other.
the created by the author in this story is a couple different types of moods.
dear newspaper staff, is i to i am in the grade.
now in our present day with all of our new technology many people use computers to communicate with friends or family.
it is understandable that young children should not read or be associated with these kind of materials such as: books, magazines, poems, movies, songs.
if you find a book or anything like that hard to deal with it is crazy.
she gives off a calm relaxed feeling.
she was alone, living with her husband, who was not well, and confined to bed.
this form of bulling has happened to many and we have lost many to it.
first of all, he describes the selflessness of his parents.
people have had serious injuries and scams placed on them because the internet.
everyone could express themselves everyday, in their own way
take a magazine for instance, one reader could look like that beautiful women in that magazine and feel great about themselves.
he is grateful of his friends and family.
it helps to make people more social, by chatting with their friends.
but she never punishes them.
computers benefit society more than you would think.
they benefit not only the community but the whole world!
they are so independent they do when they go home from school is eat and play on the computer.
however, believe that being on a computer can negative effects to you like lack of exercise, in perspective.
by her saying this and talking about how she failed her driving test come spring she can change.
computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things.
these advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives.
many people can be smeared on the internet as well.
his father is a doctor.
these are the books i remember.
the author also put the paragraph to show how much her character has grow.
also with hand & eye coordination.
all his fruits are very fresh and juicy.
it would have been to worry about those things these are all things that affect the cyclist.
when parents are that strict, it usually makes the kids want to do whatever they tell them not to do.
what would you say if your library was censored?
many books are an authors experience, so they are meant for high school age.
movies are greatly responsible to make many people take the path of crime by making crimes attractive.
hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday.
his hope was dwindling because of this.
he is very popular among students.
the computer helps the world.
in conclusions computers have people.
if libraries continue to keep these items out of reach of children, then there should be no censorship in libraries.
dear , some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm.
many local sports have lost teammates due to lack of desire for physical activities because of computers.
parents will eventually find out what you doing behind close doors, they been through everything you doing or trying to do now.
you should have a section for children in libraries.
i actually think its a good idea about people being on their computers.
to this off, it would be nice for people to take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long.
we need the different opinions in life.
people are using computers to an extent to which it is bad for their health.
you can get addicted to one subject until you lose everything else you have.
it reminds her of her home and her past so it plays an important role.
with video chat, you can show off new , or newborn baby.
secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online.
there are quite are quite a few who take to begging because of it.
our libraries would be emptied, the classrooms would not have books, and the stores would not have anything.
this quote describes the feelings the cyclist has towards the old men.
i mean would you rather have friends or be lonely.
it gives a deeper look into information about these things.
without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far.
the authors have the right of freedom of speech but it can go the other way around too.
a good idea for them to do is to move all of them to an section for adults so the children will not be able to see them.
with this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up .
so i think computers are a great machine for people to have.
i also feel like censorship is making people soft because everything is censored and when people get into the real world they get hit hard.
i hope one day we can all turn off out computers for good.
dear , in a pole conducted by the () people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library.
before computers kids played outside running and playing around.
also people have the right to go get whatever book, or movie they want.
my first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class.
i have a feeling that person is not going to be happy and you will have some explaining to do.
every book in one way or another would offend someone.
the rainy days that follow are a blessing.
every person should have that right.
sometime those things are peoples life and all they do.
just because someone else find those materials offensive is no reasons to take them off the shelf.
i think it would be a crime against to censor things in libraries.
books are suppose to be about learning.
these things are necessities to the world.
he just feared the water and stated that it tasted like battery acid.
people need computers to get updated on important issues, contact others and learn new information.
another detail is that the computer messes up your eyes by staring at that type of screen.
it seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive.
some of our family or friends live in far away places so we use the computer to talk.
almost every family has one, some people even have more than .
give your computer a break.
people these days are taking things way to far with their opinions.
you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over.
a complete citizens and drives them from family and friends.
it charges a nominal amount for carrying our letters and parcels from one place to the other.
do you have a project where you to learn about another country or another explorer?
so i hope you have been i know i would have and there is no doubt is my you will make the right choice.
basically it is somewhat.
what i mean is, if we censor one offensive book then we have to censor every book that someone finds offensive.
dear newspaper, people should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time.
a few agreed, others left.
the author found a bait shop and got water
the first thing the cyclist encounters is a rusty pump & old shed.
also by saying which is still with me today and i am grateful.
censorship is healthy for children, but restricting in adults.
you would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts.
my class room is in the second floor.
i think will help her do better on the test.
the if you missed it.
so would you rather be stuck in a library looking up information forever or out enjoying your life because you saved all that time by going on the computer?
first thing we should discover is how many people like books, movies, or music like that.
you start to panic and lose control over yourself.
if they decide to take books off the shelves, why not just have an adult section in the library?
we need to keep all books in the libraries no matter how explicit they are.
that also can help make projects.
because more they age the more there going to know whats going on in life.
he is also using energy which is making him sweat and drink more water.
taking them off our shelves will only make us a nicer community, yea i know what your thinking, why not do that?
the internet hold false information and can be a waste peoples time.
those are the reasons that point to the mood of this excerpt being grateful, or gratefulness.
the rain caused water logging everywhere.
their are some books that should not be removed from libraries do to censorship.
how can your music get banned in the land of the free.
nature is so beautiful but its being destroyed and we do nothing.
the person has that ability to read that book or not.
by removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society begin to the pain for reform.
a library should be a place of balance.
moving to from about , computers have greatly helped and i stay halfway country.
she is also describing that they will start over when spring comes.
( ) you can tell a lot about his parents by those two sentences.
all books should remain on the shelves.
, you should be able to read any book, listen to any music and watch any movie you want right?
when you start to remove books from libraries you are taking away the chance for a student to learn a certain moral from that book.
there is a banana plant also in my garden.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
computers also help us learn.
they had to leave their country, their friends and family, and they had to pretty much start their lives over again.
an ideal citizen knows his rights and responsibilities.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects that computers have on people is that more and more obese people.
the movie had some disturbing scenes in it, but i had to watch it for school.
it shows her blossoming because she changes from a negative mood to a positive one, after seeing the flower from her childhood memory.
my concern is for the children who get a hold of these books.
thank you for your time
by writing the story, the author created a mood full of warmth and comfort.
that was the mood that was conveyed in the memoir.
what about your health?
computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult.
he thank them for teaching him so many things as a child and the environment he grew up in.
that’s why we consider them as a visible god.
teens want to be able to read about they can relate to, but some of the things in the book can be offensive maybe.
many people go on the internet and are so fascinated that, that is how they spend their free time.
(to make sure they are who you think!)
of people by the computer people spend and friends.
reading, and writing is a wonderful thing to do and has been around longer than any human will ever know.
they are very convenient.
over one million people on the computer daily.
all this at a push of a button, and a click of the mouse.
libraries are public for a reason, and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment.
getting information has never been so easy.
if the library were to have not kept the magazine, it never would have happened.
staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong.
dear local newspaper, have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer.
music is an expression of life and censoring that would be like censoring emotion.
in the memoir the author creates a mood that is calm and comfortable.
the old man say that the towns are going to be there and they are just not functioning towns.
social was made to reconnect with friends far away, not across the street.
computers actually help you with sports in a way.
they can keep in touch by using webcam and etc.
instead of running over to the library and wasting your time with a book.
many people go to libraries; such as children, parents, and grandparents.
another reason why this paragraph concludes the story is to show that life does go on in toughest situation.
either way there is always going to be something that someone finds offensive.
the determination to win and be the best even if it kills you.
no this would not happen just because someone hates or dislikes something it could very well be something someone loves and enjoys.
of all teenagers like watching music videos.
they help people of all ages.
the cyclist becomes sure that he is going to die of lack of water when he stumbles across a bait store.
who had the right to tell me i could read?
most times i will ignore it and move on to a better book or movie.
i think the opposite.
certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising.
the geese and snow she admits are the things that were strange before [and] had become familiar to her now.
when i found out enough information i would then be able to find the ten year old.
it put out a sense of family in the story.
when you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen.
some people say that computers make you not be able to see while.
censorship in libraries takes away from individual freedom every day.
instead of finding the birth date of , she found a book making fun of and calling them inappropriate names.
its also good for business men because they count on computers for all there files.
i also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too.
seeing the geese fly reminds her of her home.
for example my teacher asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters.
saying that, people are neglecting to exercise and eat right.
they gave up a lot and he recognize that.
if the libraries take away the offensive material is just like talking a good book from you.
he uses our telephone freely.
it also has a number of storybooks and magazines.
with rules and conditions the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone.
the parent, in shock, could sue the library for having such an offensive book.
he plays games the time.
dear local newspaper, you know that more than half the students in the world use the computer to study.
this answers the question because it shows how the setting leads to his feeling of hopelessness.
for sometime, they forget about studies.
you can even find out how much an average family pays - every year.
now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer.
throughout time, fellow people have struggled to censor or ban material that they consider offensive.
i had to go to the to get it.
some of the material in the libraries are very graphic and sometimes quite a bit offensive.
i am sure most of the things you have to type for are written using a computer.
teen often go to the library to meet up with friends, or start on homework.
some books have been previously censored, but became uncensored and brought back to libraries.
we should be permitted to say anything we want, even though in our hearts, we should know what is right and wrong.
also you can look up the answer online, the internet is a beautifully smart device.
the social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the plant must survive the winter and come back in the spring.
yes, there should computer are good things and are good help.
study show that an average spends in total hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it.
many kids do not do any type of athletic sport.
she too can make it through the cold months.
so people think they do a lot better around the computer or they do there best work online.
sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see the things we as people but in books and movies
the censorship of any work is unconstitutional because as citizens of the we have total freedom of the press.
computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe.
taking things off shelves also has a good side to it.
you could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them.
would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!
in the memoir the reader expresses the love and gratitude towards his parents.
the heat and uninhabited canal was the biggest struggle for the cyclist.
in conclusion, this would be your choice.
from ants to its all there.
that young child would see things that were not meant for that child to see.
through most the story, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a more negative way.
lastly, you can talk online with other people.
you take it as it is, being independent.
as days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems.
my mom always says that that is how she stays close to her friends and that is the same with me.
she means that when everything returns and proves they survive, she will too.
little kids like fantasy and picture books, teenagers like romance, and others like nonfiction.
the author concludes the winter hibiscus with that paragraph to show the narrator realizes that even though shes in a new country, some things are still the same.
the air, mixing with aromas of the kitchen.
these people can have views and values of their own, formed by, among other factors, influential books they have read throughout their life.
secondly, talk to family and friends without having to spend money.
i think the author used what she remembers about her country and what she now knows of the new country and puts them together.
the children could lean about different countries far away.
when we have any problem, books give us the correct advice.
she is finally settling into her new life and says that many of the things she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
on the other hand, whose job is it to decide what is offensive and what is not?
it does this because while playing games, people watch the screen, and click with their hands.
is grateful that he had the parents he did.
now, it can also give you facts opinions, pictures, videos, and movies about faraway places.
in addition, my neighbor, had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teenagers.
book censorship censorship in libraries are a major problem in the .
father explained that her mother needed her there to look after her because, her was into some heavy drugs at the time.
those children will either listen to their or not.
this shows that it symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it will help her overcome this test.
but, there will always be a crowd it appeals to.
i do, and are why i learn about places before i go is by looking that particular place up on the internet.
our connection with nature was strong.
lots of kids and teens go online to make new friends.
all the facts of life and the world are put into it.
i find ' in the ' to be dangerously inappropriate.
when the part we live faces the sun, it is daytime for us.
in the story, the setting greatly effects the attitude of the cyclist.
censoring of media for kids should be the responsibility of the parents.
they might even have a movie to go with the book the reader has read, but some people are more visual with the movie.
in the text it states through the quiet repetition of season upon season, almost familiar to her now.
to say that music, magazines, books, and more should be banned is to say that throwing an flag on the floor is just okay.
is keeping these things from our children lying to them?
no, nobody wants that.
when they are expected, they do not cause much harm.
one person tries to make tomorrow a better place but the next tries to demoralize it.
scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school.
a matter of fact, computers have a bad effect.
i don’t allow anyone to pluck flowers from my garden.
the fact that they put these things in a library shocks me greatly.
about of kids and adults go on these online pages every day its time they stayed going on their computer more time on outside or hangout with their friends.
first off, computers help technology so much.
working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs!
dear local , i think that computers are on positive effect on people.
i believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways.
the mood the author is putting sad and happy stories at the same time.
but if the state had not allowed these books to be taken off of the shelves then we would not have had this problem.
( ) the author explains to us how peaceful and happy his home was.
if someone wants to view something that is against a certain religion, so be it.
i agree that computers do benefit society because every one uses one or has one it helps you with important stuff the computer makes things easy.
first i would like to tell about the things you can do you can play basketball, handball, hang with your friends.
i believe that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
the child started dancing with the fairies.
for this reason, these offensive materials should be removed from libraries.
on the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered.
computers can be great things.
computers also help you learn new things like typing skills.
it is no different with books.
the mood created by the author is outstanding.
less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day.
that is what makes freedom of speech so important to the world.
until recently we had the freedom to convey our thoughts, no matter what those thoughts were, in any form of media.
this is how kids are helped out by computers.
so, which would you choose - losing your family relations or keeping in touch via email and computer applications?
lastly, computers can be helpful with homework.
but i think that is wrong.
friends and family are special gifts.
he began to ride again.
this is because the information all to unknown people.
i think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology.
i used the computer just i typed up all of my homework except for my math.
flowers were blooming.
i will get the music and movies i enjoy and find age appropriate.
the only way you can get tickets is if you go onto the internet.
he took it out on the water in , at our home, and the engine and motor were broken.
imagine how much less forceful an angry character would be without a few curses every now and then.
he finally found hope.
many people have different views on censorship.
learning and studying new and important things.
a second productive task can help us with is learning .
an instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved.
with each passing day, computers help advance the future and help make the world a better place.
in the story rough road ahead the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
most the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies.
these books, in my opinion, can only help them.
when you type, you start of looking at the keys but eventually you memorize all the locations of the keys.
news sites broadcast its social networking sites such as talked about it, and people talked to each other online about it.
just get outside and do something.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive.
there are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn.
the sad truth is that too many people are wasting their time inside on their computers, rather than enjoying the day.
there are features such as blazing heat coming off the sun, short, rolling hills, and no water.
no piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world.
what is the big issue over censoring movies, disks, books, and magazines.
and its whatever they believe in is how it should go.
gives me a way to talk to, photos with and leave videos for my friends.
i believe that computers do not benefit society of all!
his hope and enjoyment finally returned to him after he saw the sign for the bait.
the computer can also effect you mentally and socially.
, that last paragraph shows that she has emotion.
the author concludes the story wt this passage because its symbolic.
time flew, very soon the two hours were over.
these health risks are a concern, but peoples safety is on bigger issue.
when you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it more times?
one person can learn so much with a computer.
then on he wised up, and took no more directions from old men who knew little to nothing about cycling.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
also could not think for themselves because the censored everything you could think of.
she looked up to see many birds flying overhead and she realized that she has adapted to her life in .
therefore, i strongly believe that computers are great for people and do benefit the society.
and if we were to take all of those movies and books off of the shelf then there would be very few subjects and title to read and watch.
good, because people start to read better after reading a lot, and bad because a lot of people dislike to read.
libraries always need advice.
professor states that of passing college students are earning their degree online.
i hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers.
some classics are also being speculated against.
computer are all the time.
next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family.
so, when she saw that winter hibiscus she felt as if she found something to help her feel at home or at ease almost.
when i visit a library, these items are very out of reach for children.
now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people.
not to mention, you can even make new friends.
for example by on the computer, scientist can develop new theories did uncover things!
for example, once my friend, , was planning on going to for a business trip, but had no idea how to speak the language.
finally, should we do this, it will not solve anything.
also, the movies rented out of the libraries today are very offensive.
authors should be able to write about whatever they choose to write about.
fairs and festivals are held in every town and village of india.
it is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways.
students at schools, elementary through college, are able to connect with much more information than without computers.
additionally, the whole fact of contacting others around the globe, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable.
reading is a magical thing that should not be held back from adults who are prepared to experience it to its fullest.
writing is something you do when you want to express how you feel, or tell a story about yourself or someone else.
most movies these days are very gory or offensive in many aspects.
if someone finds something particularly offensive, i believe they just should not view it
movies are also carried in some library, but not every library carries a movie.
making the family feel back at home made them feel happy.
there is no reason in the world that there should not be able to be a variety types of books out.
they get the cramps form typing to fast, hard and too long.
i would be grateful also.
heat, dessert, humidity all are things that affect the cyclist as on his journey.
but with new computers they strive to meet every goal.
one of the features of the dessert like, which is the setting, is the dry air and hot temperatures.
all the feature of the area have a have a big affect on the cyclist.
they have created a rating system to try give the audience a fair warning heads up, so that the audience knows what to suspect in the movie.
originally thought to spread ideas and faraway places, computers have been proven to do quick the contrary.
not only does it entertain, but also there is so much vocab you pick up on from these books.
they teach hand eye coordination, saves trees, and allows people to learn about everything.
advice and invite him to take part in every social work.
its lack of water, dry air, and punishing heat are enough to kill even the hardiest creature.
is clearly a debilitating factor as is direct sunlight and humidity.
the parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child.
if we take action rashly or foolishly, it may ruin us.
i think we would all believe the same way when we say that kids do not need to be seeing these things.
i often find books, movies, or magazines offending another race.
me and him meet only once a year.
it makes you think of your own family.
people need to realize these bad effects, and majorly decrease their computer usage.
the library staff could put those books in the alternative section.
however, these are three things the computer does very well.
believe it or not, there are ways to have fun and get a good message across at the same time!
she failed the grade.
if a person thinks that a book is offensive then they should just walk away and find a different book.
there are many ways to do this.
always open, cozy, and loving.
for example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life.
he was, trying to keep balance in my dehydrated state.
another example is mail sent to different countries.
imagine you doing a report on life in .
what are you waiting for?
with a computer these are some things that you will be able to do.
readers of the , censorship in libraries should never be an issue.
the last reason for censorship is it keeps people interested.
she cant wait until winter is over and is just waiting for the spring to come.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
and everyone needs to get past the offensive side and get to a level where everyone sees eye to eye.
during the whole memoir, the designer is happy.
as a result, the british have to give freedom to india.
i believe it is unfair that his paper was rejected.
one fairy came to me and greeted me with a sweet smile.
the material should be removed if they offend their gender.
or get email with is like getting real mail but from an computer.
these were some reason why you should not use the computer.
she loved her old home, but she realized it was time to move on.
and try to be like , because this world needs .
its a library, a place where people go to get information.
the author uses symbolism when, he talks about the hibiscus because it is a strong plant just like the girl needs to be to pass the driving test.
these are all changes the author uses to connect to the theme.
one of which, that my teacher picked up, was ' right ' by .
of the population of said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen.
businesses thrive in foreign countries, so we must be able to read some books about them, even if they seem offensive.
so we decided to go to the zoo.
the books were block because they had witchcraft and they were scared that people were going to start trying to do it.
he is riding in the desert where there is low to rain.
again, this argument might go both ways, meaning one less book would be off the shelf, or many would be newly stacked aside from the others.
one of the many times i went to the library i was looking for a book i had read before but i could not find it.
i do think the books should be removed from the shelves, but put somewhere else where a child could find it.
no one should be judged by which sex they like.
in society people are going to talk, to write, to sing, to listen.
everyone in the world has different opinions.
books are bad, and good.
his parents also sound loving to him because they were brave and sacrificed a lot for him.
they are easy to learn how to use and are in a variety of forms.
also i would not care if the policy in the library was not the right way to run it.
a young boy jumped into the house and took out the crying child.
i was born in a hotel kitchen.
secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them.
libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information.
because of computers people are not exercising as much as they should, which is of crucial importance.
because computers give you the ability to talk to friends, family, and other people it is a positive thing because it is important to do so.
if a teen goes to a library and can not find what they want at that location, they will simply move on to another location.
all sense of innocence is destroyed and children are not children anymore
also with no water he could pass out & get dehydrated.
some people agrees that it benefit the society and others disagree.
profanity, nudity, and crude humor, as well as many other things, are all over the media, including books.
there has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society.
you can learn from the computer.
like stop going outside and getting fresh air.
movies and music are a great way to kick back and relax after a long day, unless your kids are around.
some play until their entire lives are devoted to playing.
to take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives.
i think that if the material is not taken off of the shelves, then it should at least be marked as offensive.
there is no doubt that health is wealth.
the flower was too much of a memory.
also they help with your school and job work.
happy because he loved his family, his culture, and his home.
and become skinny with no worries.
music used to be a beautiful form of art, but now when you turn on your radio, do you hear?
while some jobs involve computers, most do not.
why hide things that are real?
i also saw their coins and other articles.
the mood was very important to really feel the message of the memoir.
everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end.
i would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much.
no, i do not think they should be removed.
sure, i could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof!
a recent study showed that of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet.
well i have good reasons as to why computers are good technology.
in all, the idea of censoring libraries is a negative proposal.
the example that i can think of is a movie that is rated.
like if you have to do research on a certain project or subject the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need.
doing so would, could, and be harmful and dangerous depending on the act made by the child.
the computer give you the wrong info.
it is important for readers to be exposed to a broad spectrum of reading materials.
what ever you want you got it.
everyone do have their own right but some like offended things.
finally, in paragraph it talks about how their arms and doors were open to anyone who needed them.
as the cyclist continued on a setting of a bait store came and the cyclist felt relief because now she could get water.
even though some of these books still lay on the shelves of the schools.
we use that to talk to our friend and family.
instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities.
it just means they have different beliefs.
are promoting it basically.
the first reason why computers are bad because cause addition to your child.
i believe there should be a national rating system for books like there is in the movie industry.
the first reason being what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
dear , are you always telling your kids to do their homework and get off the computer?
this means that he felt he was close enough to everybody in his community it was like family.
although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you.
and that is why we have fights over a book.
in conclusion is a very useful thing.
people overusing their computer is also a big problem.
it also sometimes goes by what you are looking for.
it is all about choices.
then there are online geeks, who like to get online for video games.
i think there needs to be some kind of organization set up to go around and help censor libraries.
i have found that things have been removed from your shelves due to its content.
throughout his trip, the author does not after come desert civilization.
this is why i think computers are very positive.
for example, lets say you went on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to go outside and stay fit!
there are eight planets in our solar system.
why would you take a book off of a shelf because it offends one or a couple people?
like the examples in the passage above.
they are too busy with computers.
the computer has internet and that like billions of facts and much more information about every thing.
slowly gaining elevation while losing hope.
the children were very happy.
without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year!
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
the hibiscus has to survive the winter until spring were it can bloom and became big and beautiful.
our minds are exposed to so much immorality and violence, so we think it is okay to do.
and if we put a book about drugs on the shelve those kids will read it.
they did so much for the author.
i implore the citizens of the area to cut down on internet time and go outside to enjoy nature.
the author had to slow down on his bike and find a safe way around it so he could get past.
people who spend that much time on the computer miss things.
even though the computer has lots of things, and it is very interesting.
most of the books were too mature of a read for me anyways, butt i still looked through them all.
i book should not be taking off the shelf is someone finds that offensive.
i know if i was a parent i would not want my young child reading of a violent murder, or gangs.
they have such a diversity because everyone has a different opinion of the lyrics, covers, styles, and plots.
dear editors, i was planning on taking a trip to .
i could teach our children stuff that they are not yet ready to learn about.
i think that have never really had a choice in matters that affects them directly, and i think we should.
dear , i think some people are overreacting, its not really going to kill you.
and ' did they let my child check that out?'
even your front yard is full of nature, and you will be getting some (not all) exercise at the same time.
the subject race might come into play in some books in libraries.
computer make things a lot easier for us!
critics think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family.
have you ever seen a child watch a scary movie that was ?
but do not censor everything so that people who do enjoy these materials can no longer easily access them
if i have to write a science report, then i can go on the internet and collect research.
as he approaches towns, his hope increases but soon fades due to the realization that the town will be unable of giving him relief.
in conclusion, that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
they say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much!
to censor books and televisions would be like claiming nothing bad happens.
further more, not everything that you speculate as bad has to be bad just because you say it so.
someday when i have kids, i will never let them go to certain sections of the library with this material.
most people rather stay on the computer than spend time working out.
it would not be fair.
all activities came to a standstill.
in the technology is a huge part of society.
some of us carried fruits, some carried cakes, and some carried snacks.
this includes pictures, blogs, comments and.
all of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking.
he is one of the brightest students of our school.
many people have dream to one day build a computer or make new programs.
it deals with the techniques of
also, you can back hotels and look at live pictures with more than just .
she had to take a test but failed it.
well i am saying you should go on it and search were you want to go.
with our library being censored i do not feel that the public library should be.
dear newspaper readers, computers have really change the way people use technology.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i support the advances in technology.
, , while growing up had poor influences all around him.
some of you might think computers have misleading information.
your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself.
my second reason why i think this is because when your having a party and you need invitations the computer can help you.
censorship was originally started during the ' ' in with the .
but, if people had the right to remove books or anything that is offensive towards them, then there would literally be no books left in the libraries.
while found disgusting to look at, my head was in the book because was fascinating.
in the novel ' ' by , the censorship of books has gone so far that all the great literary works of the world are banned.
it will also allow connection with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment to all who would like.
also, in the desert some animals can be very dangerous on the cyclist journey, he saw a poisonous snake.
when it comes to these technological devices there are pros but there the cons can easily outweigh them.
people need to know the true meaning of what is being said.
this could make the cyclist thirsty.
people are so caught up with computers, their desire for starts to fall.
computers help people through there trouble.
on the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world.
a book or magazine is also made to catch the reader attention.
you can talk to relatives in far away places but to travel with this.
to stay on playing mindless games, or randomly searching the web.
i do believe they are very handy.
it is because the sea is the source of all the water they use.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
these apps are the basic to starting up a business or promoting an invention.
computers have gone from the size of a room to twelve inch flat screen monitors.
it smoothing up the vibe and if you be and a bad mood that music you like claim you down in put you and a better one.
we all get affected by the advertisements in the magazines and on radio and television.
than it keeps that mood going when he tells us about all the people that come over regularly for dinner.
i see the little plants grow.
i think there could be many changes in the library systems it is your choice if you want to change them or not
if some one wants to read a book with curse words in it or anything like that then let them.
it can not strictly be controlled by censoring libraries; it is also in the hands of authors and readers everywhere.
for example, what if you were into rap, or the hip hop culture, and someone finds that offensive?
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
but all of a sudden the second car took the lead.
so computers bad for society, think again and listen closely.
his perseverance paid off.
the flowers take her to a happy peace and make her feel at home.
it is also a good way to communicate with you friends.
plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space.
i then formed my own personal opinions on what i gathered from the books.
a is a place for people of all ages to come and get a book, magazine, music, movies and much more.
in the essay, do not exceed posted speed limit there are many features of the setting that greatly affect the cyclist.
also, i hope people can still have their rights and not let a couple people take it away from them.
so why should you pull something off the shelf in stores or libraries just because its offensive to one person
like books, music, movies, and magazines should be censored, too.
he also fells alone i toiled on at some point tumbleweed crossed my path he also.
for example, the author said in the story that the flower bring her comfort i think being comfortable is the best way to succeed and pass the test.
materials in libraries are for the public and should not be taken away just because a few find it offensive.
this in turn helps to keep our minds healthy.
a lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside.
he said i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
in conclusion, books, music, movies, and magazines should or should not be censored or removed based on the subject.
you will never see the world for what it is.
nobody is forcing you to view it, but on the other hand nobody can force you to stay away from it.
five correct explains everything about his home that made him who he is today.
now if were arguing about the computer then we have a huge problem.
also, computers make life a whole lot easier.
there are many reasons how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
but why should we have to have movies, books and etc censored, cause their little children every where.
with all of the problems in the setting the cyclist still comes through to end his journey.
i believe that if you do not like the books then stay away from them.
yellow journalism will never appeal to the baser instincts of people.
was killed by a speeding car, and , wife, was not even shocked to hear it.
the author is very happy his parents did this for him.
i feel this way because of when you see stuff that is offensive, most people are willing to buy.
anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer!
even though it is a really good book and a lot of read it.
so go outside and explore you will never know what you will find.
she i nostalgic for her past and when she sees the plant it gives her a sense of comfort like she is home.
this winter, i experienced the coldest night of the season.
the internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world.
the author wrote it for a reason and it should be open to those who want to read it.
my point is that there is a whole world outside of we only got off our computers and played outside.
the mood that the author created throughout the course of the memoir was a sense of happiness but also family.
libraries are a place to feel safe and relaxed.
in other words, computers are pleasurable.
for me, censorship could go both ways.
the features of the setting greatly effected the cyclist.
to many children take the movies to the extreme and try and act like the actors or actresses, and the children end up getting hurt from these actions.
for the reason that anyone can be offended, so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad.
libraries are one of the best places to find those materials.
in conclusion the author ended the story with that to teach the reader a lesson to let change occur and time does heal.
the chances seem bleak.
there were times when tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
the cyclist is alone and there is nothing in sight.
the library is open to anyone and anyone could see the material.
once they lose hope they wont try as hard to keep going and they will lose some of their strength.
next point shows that people are not enjoying nature.
students of all classes visit the library as per schedule.
many people have papers and of important information and it could be lost in a blink of an eye.
it helps you learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano.
books being taken off shelves could turn into all books being taken off shelves which means no education or learning.
people have the freedom of speech to say whatever they want to say, whether that be in written form or verbally said.
the whole memoir is about how his parents showed him the meaning of family and to be open to friends and neighbors.
computers almost anything possible.
the computer is a very enhanced tool to enrich ones life.
she longed for her natural home and familiarity.
my view opposes the open distribution of certain newspaper articles.
the memory of many souls working together despite radical racism in that time really gives the memoir a communal sense.
the others are either buying things or playing games.
many people might say we could all just write it out.
in this book, the population is forbidden from having any kind of book.
so they can live in a house.
all materials in a library are for the public.
that also shows how grateful the author is because it says how he is gracious for his neighborhood and the many things he learned.
my initial reason why i agree is because most kids never spend time with their families.
the libraries have bigger issues to worry about then your personal taste of music.
why would you want to try to remove something when it is already known?
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
if parents monitor their children closer they will be able to control what they are doing.
next, is that you could be outside enjoying nature.
for example if you are listening to a sad song, you feel sad or depressed.
this understanding that was taught to him had a large impact on his life at that time.
the changes in his environment directly affect the completion of his journey and his health.
it would just be a click away.
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
they usually stay up all night playing games or going on .
that is my reasons i think you should exercise then stare at the computer screen.
the computer also helps out with adults and their jobs.
the reasons listed above tell you why i believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose.
i hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society.
yes, we have freedom of speech and can say anything we want, but i think it should only go so far and then should be stopped.
the books on the shelf are arranged or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
where he is riding there is up and down hills also the road is very rough.
i bought a magazine.
the overall mood created by the author of this memoir is one of complete gratefulness.
the computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous.
the first thing that affects him is the heat.
he arranges the letters in order.
then the flat road is replaced with rough road so his mood goes down more.
she felt that life was full of hope again.
we pulled up to the library and he took off running to the doors.
in the beginning, when it was not as hot and he had plenty of water, the cyclist was absolutely fine.
by using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money.
computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like .
son of a poor farmer.
my main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book.
so you go online and learn everything and anything about .
we can make and distribute item much faster.
as people develop their own opinions and views overtime they begin to distinguish the difference between right and wrong.
the cyclist continued on his spirits as well as her water supply going down.
with computers you store all and files neatly.
another mood the set was being proud.
i believe that computers are a great invention.
we respect the teachers because they make us what we want to become in life.
when a disagreement arises, no matter what the topic, one group of people wants to basically control what everyone else can or cannot do.
four of us reached there, three gents and one lady.
dear local newspaper, the effects computers have an people are not good.
it benefits society for certain reasons it depends.
this would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into.
generally, school children should have ambitions.
republic day and independence day function at national and regional levels are also shown on television.
there are many reasons why censorship is pointless and wrong.
maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write the things on what people want to hear, or see.
so removing any sort of material from our libraries is a horrible idea.
in conclusion, computers have no benefits on people.
do not get the book, other people might like it, its just for entertainment.
the i think that is because when your computer crashes or breaks you would most likely know what to do to fix it.
another one is that because there was nothing around him, he felt frustrated.
i want to talk about interacting with family and friends.
you might also learn about nature.
in the memoir the author creates a happy mood.
also if you having a piece of writing like your rough draft so why spend the time trying to write really neat and perfect?
in conclusion, computers have an effect on people.
if we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion, voiceless, and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward.
they can work on their homework, read a book, or do some studying for school.
while some books offend people, censoring a book can be just as offensive to other parties.
he always tries his best to improve the school.
i just do not think it is right for little kids to see that when there looking for a book or a book about their favorite animal.
also you can make plans with one of your friend on something if they live really far or something like that.
if your writing a paper and need an answer its all on the internet.
you can run a business from your very own living room.
but there are people who can help them see the world better.
the answer to solving this problem to me is black and white, children should just not pick up those types of materials end of case
know being safe is important.
and car are ran off of computers.
you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better.
when he talks about the love of culinary skills and cooking which is still with him today it creates a solemn mood that sets the tone of the story.
but by using the computer you can find endless information about , and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to.
it is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay.
know one can live with out computers.
that is called being selfless.
if censorship were to be enacted, a library could not provide new information if someone else did not like what was being taught.
people can look at information faster than ever with this device.
computers are also used to socialize.
grown ups need them to work.
the most wonderful thing in the world i say the second most wonderful to technology.
there are many reasons movies can be offensive.
and i know other people like to do that too.
they should be conscious about the essence of democracy.
many people believe computers are good for nothing.
there are thousands upon thousands of websites; all of which can teach people different things.
if we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets.
finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people.
he wanted to take me along.
upon seeing it, she is overcome with childhood memories and sentimentality.
spending to much time on their computers can strain your eyes.
its not like their being obliged by the .
now you can webcam people.
in our society, there should not be an image that our children should try and sustain.
she helps homeless teens find places to stay and she is always welcoming.
the library should allow people who use the library to take away things that are offensive to its customers.
if they do not like it then they should have never taken it home in the first place.
a boy can play football on line, then take what he learned and use that in a real football game.
teaching you parents how to use is a great responsibility for your actions.
any book store you walk into, you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even ',' which focuses on .
the examples of things that should be there are: all magazines, books, and service.
people can go to any library, from one in an elementary school to a public library, and you will always find at least one book about the .
and taking those things away from a library taking it away from adults as well as kids.
no water would come out of these pumps so he had no choice but to keep going water.
we have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life.
a sense of relief came to him, like that shop was his safe haven.
secondly the internet is very easier then books.
three reasons for opinion is .
dear , have you ever noticed how different our society is today, even from just ten years ago?
to make matters worse, the terrain changed from flat road to short, rolling hills.
in fact almost say they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else.
i think computer will help us learn, and do things faster.
the freedom of speech, and religion, and even what type of movies you want to watch.
i think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work.
they can be religion, race, or brought up in a different way.
i have actually had a real life situation were this has been a conflict.
and lastly do you want your put in danger by simply just using a at home.
they get the magazines and drool over how the center fold looks.
you can use computers for exercise then it is also up to the on limits.
would you rather have your children have a good education or not know how to read?
this memoir shows that because even with moving to a new country with new people the family still keeps his childhood filled with culture of who they are.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is in my opinion pure happiness and love.
there is an obvious pattern.
instead you can exercise.
he had immense patience and strove for perfection in everything.
with this system, everyone suffers.
is this good or bad?
the author clearly loved their childhood and was filled by great experiences and a loving background.
think about the point that the person who wrote or made the movie were trying to get across.
computers also help with making graphs and data tables for science lab reports.
if someone begins to dispose of books that they are not interested in the library will lose all of the visitors that do find that topic enjoyable.
i would not have found my love for reading if libraries were censored like they are.
by taking the advise of the old men and taking a short cut, the cyclist past through ghost towns with no water.
i strongly believe that people should be given the right to enjoy the materials they take an interest in.
well if you let me just sum it up for you.
which i mostly learned that from the state tractor pulling club.
this affected him because he got to a secure place and got proper directions and will learn from his mistake of listening to the older men at the beginning.
some even added fuel to fire by their comments.
how can one person say if something is wrong?
we can also use it to learn about news happening around the world.
personal and meaningful conversations sometimes be.
also, to conversations are fading.
the internet provides an efficient low casting, or even free, way to help any language learner.
you use your computer to much you can be at risk of becoming obese.
so its really confusing because he probably felt relived and mad at the same time.
as much as i would like to, just to prevent others from reading it, i cannot.
college students, teachers, and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music, and magazines.
off the shelves so a person cannot read or watch them, is a very positive thing.
with one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world.
no, you can go online to your schools website and click on your teachers names to see what you have for homework.
that is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again.
the mood created by the author in this memoir was happy, loving, and warm.
she was not happy at all, i had no clue what she was doing.
most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents.
computers allow this.
computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework.
whether it is a magazine, movie etc everyone in the world is going to see it some way or another.
meeting new people, and seeing different places all over.
if you know your over weight from the computer.
why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?
and all of them are offensive to someone.
well, you had a computer, you could go online to the news website and read more.
they also have music that has explicit lyrics on the .
overall, the sentence that the author eras with is used to show life as compared to the geese and hibiscus.
no one insight; not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
in places like libraries, you never know who might come in to check something out.
but if it is censored it should only be for a certain age group.
what is the first place you would go to talk to people online: .
secondly, the more time you spend cooped up inside the less time you get to enjoy nature.
whether it be going to the movies or just going to the library, children can see all the violence and misbehaving going on in the world today.
this sentence not only makes the reader happy for him, but they can see unity in his family.
i strongly feel that every book was created for people to read and gain knowledge, on what every aspect of what the book is.
you can learn about many new places with a .
you see how skinny she is.
so removing these books would be pointless because where ever you put them people will just go there to get the material they want to know about.
computers allow people to learn, they allow people communicate to family and friends, too.
in the it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press.
unlike the winter hibiscus, it took a while for the geese to become, through the quiet repetition of season upon season, almost familiar to her now.
he does this because he is so thankful to his parents because he loves them.
a household without a mother is not a household.
how to make this noble dream possible in the present day unrest?
at this point, it maybe too late.
that is just unfair, and unjust to some people.
in the long run there are many things we can do to prevent things like this from happening.
dear : people are skeptic on whether or not computers benefit people.
from out of our libraries for being offensive, where would we draw the line between offensive and not?
went from just living there to it being his home.
in my opinion, his mood is happy, and joyful, based on how much he talks about his home.
dear newspaper editor, i think that computers are for everyone.
for all the reasons above are reasons i think computers are an awesome =) and positive technology, i mean just look at all the reasons.
just recently there was an earthquake in and million of civilians died.
the internet is the best way to contact those people.
if the movie has content that any child under thirteen should not see, then the movie should be out.
they say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do.
that of people use the computer to chart with people.
computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment.
the visual, and nearly lyrical expression of the blooming hibiscus makes the reward and result of your struggles seem so much more beautiful
the last sentence in the story is significant.
have you ever wanted to see what looks like?
lastly, family parties and computers do not mix.
my dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him.
from this quote, i can gather that his parents were grateful.
by email, only a couple minutes so, you can see that computer also can provide some of safety everybody!
i have people who stay up for our their paper.
computers are a big part of my life and i still have time to do other things with my family, and friends.
students now easily forget to do homework.
teenagers well and do while playing game talking to.
() shows how her attitude changes from cynical to hopeful.
all of these features cause the cyclists to take one long, tiring journey through the desert.
examinations cannot thus be removed.
some ways that they handle this problem can get a little extreme.
none of these books really seemed offensive.
now is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time.
in conclusion, people might say that taking out book is better than keeping them.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
this shows that they care for one another contributes to the mood by showing love and warmth towards another person.
he gives us moral lessons.
dear local newspaper , i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
most content that some people find offensive is for adult audiences.
last, magazines, some magazines are just inappropriate.
online there is much more which often break up friendship.
the public has to accept those choices.
so, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?
they blame them for thing the forget to .
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
these machines help our world become an easier place to do.
i would be surprised if one does not.
thousands of professions require the limitless knowledge of the internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of living.
take for example a book about .
dear local you know long of time spent on technology could result in cancer?
the average spends hours on the computer everyday.
she knows that she will pass the test.
little kids see stuff that their peers are doing and want to be just like them so they do the same stuff.
i think those things affected the cyclist by dehydrating him.
and the people who write the books or write the lyrics for a song are just expressing themselves.
there were road lights near the towns.
accordingly, i do not believe this way.
i has so many information in it you wont even think a person it.
but tv has a lot of disadvantages too.
it seems like he had a good childhood.
the shelves of libraries will soon be empty if censorship continues.
that someone could be an educated person or a high school dropout.
then there is stuff that nobody should listen to, or for that matter even sing about like almost all music.
he then pedals on, but realizes his water is running low.
in conclusion, i think that books should be censored by parents and that is it.
this world is harsh and not easy at all times.
there are all kinds of different genre of music.
another example is a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
some books in libraries offend others.
or they could go put something up and make it where you know whats over there and if you do not like then do go in.
if we need to know what a homework assignment was we can just chat with a friend.
i think we should have it because it would make sure the kids wont look at them.
there are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves.
every reader seeks out a different style.
if you are riding, and begin to run low on water, your in trouble.
in the memoir, the author created the mood that made it had a close relationship.
every work would be remove because at least one person is offended every work of the sort.
(pg ) this shows her getting over her sorrow and becoming determined and looking forward and taking the test again.
people have come to rely too heavily on computers.
computers were mode to simply difficult situations, such as typing, finding, , and keeping a record of financial statuses.
the hibiscus reminds her of her homeland and gives her comfort.
books, music, movies, and magazines are all a form of expression.
image is the key to how people view society today.
there are even systems now that let you say something and will appear on the screen.
using computers can help enrich peoples minds.
i know i love reading sports magazines because i am a very true sports fan and sports are very important to me other than school.
this is first reason.
there are many setting that affect the cyclist.
of obesity is caused by the use of computers.
watching old reruns of the .
dear , i have found that there has been a strong censorship in the libraries and i would like to express my strong disagreement for these actions.
it is their right as an to buy what they want.
this is a very difficult topic to argue with.
the issue is further complicated by the concept of what is and is not appropriate for children.
she realized that there is a new rebirth in the spring.
then for young adults, i think that parents could try to look up somethings about the book.
as the setting changes in the story, so does the cyclists narrators mood.
that right for what they are think.
very big trees looked very small.
please read on to hear my story.
authors and media producers should take other people into consideration and put their efforts into raising awareness instead of offending.
those books, movies, and magazines that are offensive, are enjoyable to me.
do you ever spend time with your family?
censoring on some things like, sex scenes in movies, or maybe vulgar language in music is alright in my opinion.
i choose to visit the library in search for books i could use to gather more information.
you could be getting other tasks done.
furthermore, there are too many advertisements on tv.
also lots of people get offended with violence and lots of gore.
the movie makes fun of the bad guys.
teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story.
those are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
also being able to look up school work with.
through the around change need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is .
also, books pertaining to racism such as to a and books about slaves be offensive to the race that is being victimized in the book.
i check online for homework and in online shopping twenty minutes.
in conclusion, computers benefit us in so many ways.
the next mood conveyed by the author is gratitude and admiration for his parents.
my opinion on movies however are a little different.
children need to learn those things sometime in their life.
in conclusion i think that if a book is on a shelf, the book should be taken off if found offensive.
how about what reminds you of home.
this is one reason the computer is a good source.
some people like to play games.
to take advice from strangers and better yet he should use it.
i think that there is different levels of censorship that should be enforced depending on the library at which censorship is required.
you can connect with old friends, and talk to current ones.
in addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more.
the cyclist was all alone in the road with none around him either so into he passed out, no one could help him.
you can ask question and get an instant reply.
also, most teachers expect an essay to be neat possible.
my mother brought milk and biscuits for me.
this would not be possible without computers.
i wished i could join them.
i believe that is the reason people do not like certain books in libraries.
but computers cannot simulate fresh air and exercise.
music blocks out the words that need to be.
one time i played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds.
a computer has endless information on any topic unlike books.
we went to the hotel and went inside our rooms rested for a while and went shopping.
some of the reasons is that it creates a feeling of hope in the reader, tells us we always have another chance and the importance of persistence.
schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too.
he also talks about how his parents taught him how important family and friends were.
we should censor the libraries so that nobody gets hurt
an example of music not being censored would be rap.
the reason why i say that is because we should be able to but what ever in our books that expresses our feelings in any way shape or form.
artists are ones to take risks and so are writers.
it is also a good thing because if family moves away you can still talk to them from a computer.
i believe that some people use materials wrongly sometimes to get ahead and to make a name for themselves.
please read on to understand my reasons.
we have them at home, at or at our work.
dear newspaper, though computers have many benefits, they also have many faults too.
computers and technology benefit us in many ways.
the setting had a hot sun, no trees, and no water.
also, you could continue a conversation you had with a friend.
to me this is an image of selling sex.
this shows that she is realizing that she is used to the arrangement right now.
talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing.
two years ago there was a boy named .
if people listen to this they might want to try it and end up going down a wrong path from these words that are said.
without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences.
person in or , most of the games are safe and fun to play.
to me that is a heartwarming mood.
thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that i have to offer.
other people can find out about places they might go.
she vows to do so because she has gained faith from the flowers survival and her realization of important memories.
that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head.
just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer.
this is because it explains her love for her family and that is proud to call her family a family.
therefore, by letting someone else decide what is appropriate for you to read, you are giving up your freedom.
the author is thanking his parents for the numerous amount of things they have done for him, he is grateful.
dear newspaper, i heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society.
removing the offensive items from library shelves will only cause the people searching for these items to look elsewhere.
i myself have read plenty of things that would make some people cry or even get really mad or disgusted.
math game science game different games you what.
so, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people.
dear local newspaper, are computers a bad thing?
the word has greatly changed.
computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person.
but exams are needed to test the knowledge.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist.
every book, movie, , magazine, and any other thing, should be left for people to enjoy and hopefully you can find something you enjoy too
people must be able to communicate as well people do not communicate with each other.
then your friend said playing games.
ten , who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles , with no mail or telephone or whats over?
teaches me how to type.
i love being on the .
some music found in libraries can be somewhat offensive to some people.
we should help to educate and rehabilitate them.
there are not any kind of books that could be deemed offensive in any way to people these days.
how much hurt can someone take from a book, popular music, a movie, or even a magazine, etc.?
it interferes with social time, health, and physical activities.
although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful.
but at the same time there not so healthy to you and your family.
why would a book be published, or written for that matter, if we were not intended to read it?
when my mom saw the show, she immediately banned me from watching it because of its explicit content.
magazines should be censored in the same way as movies, by maturity level and age.
they have the right and freedom to not pay any attention to it.
well i have can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes.
that is about all i have to say on the topic.
my friends say that computers are a waste time.
delhi zoo is near purana quila.
that is what i think was the mood of the memoir created by the author is.
research as also easier than is to computers you can just about anything than to computers.
does that make them wrong?
i can understand why libraries would decide to keep certain books off their shelves.
for example, , a famous rapper.
the book offend one reader it could also inspire another as well.
reading these books, and listening to this kind of music, and watching these kinds of movies, takes a whole different point of view.
they might start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without the computer.
a computer also helps me through my daily life.
our library has books almost on all subjects.
then no one would be able to find books about their religion, and no one would benefit.
if anyone could do that would there ever be uniqueness in people?
those are only a few of the reasons why computers are good for society.
i know that i think they are a great to we are lucky to have them.
what is great about the library is that you have a huge selection of items to choose from.
i also have a religious view on all of this.
a person who leads a good life is a gentlemen.
you cannot control what other people do or say.
the author uses this paragraph to conclude to show shes going to give the test another try as well as her new surroundings.
out of all of the stuff in the world someone is going to find something offensive to them or other people.
considering that the author does not know the layout of this terrain very well, he begins to struggle.
this kid was only six years old, but he thought that playing with guns was safe because he saw them do it in the movies.
sometimes your children has a better time understanding then you did at their age.
google and is all you need.
if certain books are taken off the shelves of a library than books that are famous now have never have been read.
i obviously think that censorship is a good thing.
a library is built for the education of the public, not for the interests of one person.
also the geese left the home temporally because of snow.
so, the mood created by the author was happy and grateful.
people should stop spending so much time on computers.
so instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper.
there are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects.
their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet.
i hope you agree with me when i say computers are bad.
, there were hills that required more energy to get up.
it is an ideal school.
removing a book from a shelf just puts the craving in the hearts of certain people to read it; sometimes completely rebelliously.
sometimes, people just need to keep their opinions to themselves, agreed?
if you think about, almost all books can be offensive or hurt your feelings.
the thoughts of the youth is completely swayed after they watch, read, or listen to this.
i hope people can now be like and buy computers.
the computer is good for learning but you should also go out and got some fresh air.
i have tons of experiences of movies, books, music, and magazines that have offended me.
when people become civilized they realized the value of houses.
he fights for his country and people.
then last he is near no towns so he cant get anymore water, so the setting does effect the cyclist.
the mood was very serious and grateful.
if you find a movie, magazine, or even a book offensive then do not read it or do not watch it.
being able to talk with people online is a really great thing.
because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world.
so many people love to type on a keyboard as well, but so many different papers that you type could be lost.
my brother is still too young to go to school.
well you should know the computer is helpful in many ways, such learning, entertainment, and even weight.
letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right, plain and simple.
three fourths kids under age go online more than adults age because the interest in what is on it.
imagine a library without any materials that are considered offensive.
if few people disapprove of a particular material, the book remains in most shelves uncensored.
many people thought is was right.
it s twice as hot during the summer.
managers or owners if you get people coming in to tell you to read this book, watch this movie.
the mood the author set was warmth and happiness.
in the we have the freedom of speech and press.
children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight.
if they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy .
the hibiscus also represents something and has a reason for being included in the last paragraph.
computers are wonderful.
its like this everyone has their own taste on what they like.
it is the season of picnics and outings.
allowing a child not to read a book, such as ' ' is unpractical and harmful to the child.
the author reflects upon his experiences at home in a positive manner which expresses the fact that he is thankful for what he had.
so you and a lot of others payed for this book and now you want to wast that money.
censorship is really unavoidable, and it should not be an issue.
in conclusion i answer this question by saying no.
one reason i am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology.
honestly in my eyes its simple, if there is something you find offensive just stay away from it, because others enjoy it.
this contributes to the cyclist nagging sensation for a drink of water.
i think this because in the passage it says, i could drop from heatstroke.
much can be done as regards prevention, protection, immunisation etc.
censorship is a very sensitive topic.
home is where the heart is, many of said this and many more have meant it.
if you think that amazing then read this.
first off, there are many skills you can develop on the computer.
in one case a girl actually killed because of nasty messages posted about her.
yes, a dictionary helpful.
people who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there.
i walked outside to get the mail and newspaper.
there are all different kinds of .
they help us when we need something or have to do a report.
when they are out with their family they think of their computer.
therefore he was taught to become a king.
of all my reason that computers are bed, this is by far the most disturbing.
for instance, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles away from you, while still being a kid in , or set in your exercise adventure.
good manners are very important for a happy life.
they would feel a life threatening offense and want it to be removed from the shelves.
why would someone think we are spending too much time in the internet if we are being educated?
to get a feast of colours we should go to a well kept park.
libraries should not be censored.
if you think a subject might be offensive for you, you should not read it.
however, we can also improve and learn from them.
in many today experts like .
a way you can find out with your family come from is use a website to find where your family comes from.
so why should rap be banned just because it talks about killing, drugs, and drinking.
how about your newspaper company?
library is a good source for reading books, listening to music, or watching a movie.
to add one final thing, would you tell everything you know to a five year old if you knew they would retain every word?
you then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard.
the world needs its materials.
authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order to have their thoughts read, and such a motive should not be taken away from them.
just keep that in mind people.
i believe that if we make the sections have an age limit we can prevent children from finding bad information.
the surroundings have little effect on him.
this is why the story ends like that.
i went on the internet, typed in my question about reading, and two seconds later thousands of results up.
i go to sleep at ten o’clock.
if it survives she knows that she too will survive, and life goes on.
an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them.
these four boys, who are all around eleven years old, use curse words that some adults would be afraid to use in every day life.
weather they like it or not all books teach a lesson about life.
as a result, bonding with her mother erupted, and it brought another day of hope for her future in her new home.
writers reside in every part of the world composing works from complex life experiences to simple dreams.
but for you close family, you could be missing out on their lives and how they are doing.
it is important to know about the possible outcome and dangers before we say or do something.
many things were new to her.
i, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online.
then, once he got the advice and headed down the road he saw a ghost town which is never good.
probably angry or upset.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
dear , i believe that computers have a very positive effect on people.
additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet.
the very last line says i will take that test again.
one for , child, family, activity, romance, etc.
without books, people turned to electronics for entertainment.
dear , people are using technology.
therefore, i went to become a teacher.
but, there is also other reasons things that can be offense to others.
people should get to choice what they want to read or watch without others taking it away from them.
the tone adds to the theme of the story.
that is unjust, unfair, and unconstitutional.
they then want to play with toy guns and pretend that they are in a gang.
computers do benefit society.
ties back to censorship because of the way these kids were pressured into drinking.
we are all unique in our own ways.
in the end he was very relieved he found a fishing spot with a bathroom and fresh water.
learned a lot in this house and is very happy for that.
they made the cyclist scared and caused him to go around these things.
with this, their safety is at risk.
to show that the character has become a part of her new environment.
others have retorted to this statement by saying that if every book that is viewed as offensive is taken off the shelves, the shelves would be nearly empty.
he was wearing a worn out chappal and had a red scarf round his neck.
if they see someone doing drugs or having sex, they might think that it is cool.
i know that a lot more kids too because i was reading in a magazine that of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer.
they also are incredibly out of shape.
if you like to watch .
many people would be made mad if this did happen.
we are able to learn things quicker by using computers.
i know your thinking that computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun over anything else and i hoped this helped you realized that.
any materials that are found offensive should be placed in a special section of the adult area and customers should be warned in some way.
just because they do not like the content, does not exclude all others from enjoying it.
a is that everyone wants to share their event with the family.
, and other magazines like it, needs to be taken off the shelves as soon as possible.
or modern day without taking a step out of your house.
they contain many different styles and genres of books.
as you can see, coordination is essential to sports.
it also is to show she is adapting to her new home.
teachers are known to be the second parents.
all of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for .
in the it grants freedom of expression.
now, if they are not removed this is what can happen.
if i were to walk in a library and see those kind of things in a magazine i would suggest you to take it off the shelves.
some people ask, ' books should be censored from libraries?'
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever if you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
so, it is important to spend some time leisurely.
he talks about how his parents taught him how to cook.
also there are sites that allow you to learn how to use a keyboard, and work electronics like a computer!
many people try to shelter their kids from it but the truth is if the kids really want to look at it they are going to find a way.
if it is offensive in the first place then no one should be forced to read it.
computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
it prepares a man for the day’s work.
most kids would not be able to reach as high as a adult.
yet she learns that she needs to be determined to adapt and survive like hibiscus.
dear newspaper, in my opinion, i think computers do benefit society.
then the cyclist starts his journey with not a lot of water.
another issue too much computer time can cause, , are even more health issues.
culture would slowly wither and die, and our lives would become drab and essentially useless, for lack of a better term.
however, some people, myself included, have checked out or bought books and then realized what exactly was portrayed in those books.
i think that it is bad enough that a lot of teenagers have been exposed to a lot of these things already.
many argue that materials considered offensive are damaging to society, and should not be tolerated.
whose to say what is appropriate for whom?
also they should be able to do this and not learn how to be offensive to others.
this really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book.
they also allow communication with foreign countries.
i do not think certain things should be removed from the library.
, who trains the air force weighs in on the effects of computers.
if it had not been at the library, what would i have done?
the books, magazines, and movies that influence people to think differently about themselves need to go away for good.
if a little kid saw that stuff then they would learn bad things.
after two hours, we finally saw a sign for a nearby restaurant: peanut shade.
so, i think it depends on the situation.
well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message.
racism can cause people to feel very hurt also.
also abandoned buildings.
it makes them think of you dress like this when you get older you can get all the boys too.
she remembered how some of these plants grew wild in bushes or between cracks in the sidewalk.
are students in grade with a grade reading level.
the hibiscus is a reminder to hers of starting a new and adapting to society.
the girl also expresses somewhat how she feels about the geese and the plant.
it is, however, a dark omen of what is to come is censorship is freely given power.
she misses her homeland and everything there: gardens, grandparents etc.
sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips.
opinion is that once a person is an adult, they have the common sense and maturity to whatever they choose.
one decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit.
but you just can not for get about those books, you have to watch what they are reading.
did i convinced you yet?
that just does to show how different people have different opinions; some more strict than others.
we also get water from rains.
and how important he learned that family and friends are.
i think we should have computers because it would help us meet new people, seeing new places, and learn new things.
i believe that if we always resort to censoring books then we will become a less creative society.
aside from work, we use them in our everyday lives.
for example, the author states looked the majority of the pavement in front of me and ceased past tilling to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
also, when you meet up with them, you have more things to talk about.
now i will explain in further details.
my conclusion, is that you can always find ways to get the answer you need.
if they were to get one it would change so much.
some of the games are educational also.
everyone has heard this saying.
it is situated in south delhi.
they can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use for entertainment.
for they are very important.
being that it was dry and hot made his ride hard.
if there was nothing out there that offended anyone, how would younger generations learn how to decided what is right and wrong?
the features in the story changed the speakers mood throughout his journey.
you can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once.
if these authors, directors, and producers have their specific product taken off of the shelves it would be offensive to them.
after passing his matriculation, he went to england for higher studies.he returned from england as a lawyer.
if you have a bumpy ride, then the cyclist will have a harder time.
at the least, libraries and movie rental places could have a designated area for adult rated content to respect those who disagree.
now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online.
the books we read are the property of all humanity and should be read by all to educate us of our mistakes as well as our triumphs.
for example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash.
again, how could they not be positive.
if you said to all of these questions then using a computer is the way to go!
in which the kitchen is the heart of the home.
books were made to keeping people wondering, learning, and excited.
music be found most offending now days but, music is also away of getting emotions and freedom of speech out.
many of those books that many people read are those that others calls explicit.
my outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive.
they should be out getting fresh air and spending time with their family and friends.
also communication with people online can be dangerous because the person who you are messaging might not be who they say they are.
i was very happy to see them.
in almost every school all over the country, students use computers on a daily basis.
that is what i would do.
most people would be offended and complain.
also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings.
dear newspaper, do do when need to write a report?
so the cyclist is most likely begin to feel dizzy and begins to loose hope.
which person has the benefit in situation?
to a cyclist, the surrounding setting can either cause triumph or despair.
there are gang stories of terrifying people, such as .
the last bad thing is that you never want to spend time wit your family.
what better way to protect them than by removing their bad influences.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
sometimes you need a brake you cant stay on the computer all the time.
she encounters no buildings for a long time when she does encounter a building, it is abandoned and suggests that people left because of the landscape.
blogging is also a way of communication on a computer and gives you freedom to express your feeling on education on a certain topic.
if your tired of being home, then just go on the internet.
is very grateful for how things turned out.
whenever my mom would get rid of a doll she used to own some of them had eyes that would move.
everyone needs exercise.
that would just be a big to anybody who decides to pick it up and read it.
i mean everyone has the right to know about what is going on or what happened years and years ago.
in conclusion, the effects computers have on people are very negative.
that out of member of family learn thing from the computer.
i talk to family members.
this leads to a downward spiral of our society.
he wanted to reach there soon.
there will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects.
before the computer age, it was a lot more difficult to find information on a topic or place.
to me computers are positive.
it expands peoples interactive life, helping them make new friends.
these all gives off the soft sense, meaning nice and thankful
though out this story there is a certain of .
in conclusion, kids spend to much time on computers.
the hot sun glaring down at you just is killing you not to book a vacation to a tropical island!
people have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends.
all you have to do is put what you want to sell online or look online what you want to buy.
our kids and future kids do not need to be learning about these sort of things.
many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button.
, computers offices would crumble and students grades would drop.
as you can see, computers also help students education and just our everyday life.
a instance of this is i began breaking the ride down into distances.
people have learning, talking, and advances in technology with one click of a mouse.
some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising.
the weather was hot he had no water, he could have died.
at a local library you can find hundreds of books, all of different matter, a different style and of different stories.
the censorship of certain media is such a controversial topic.
when a person is typing they are using their hands to type while looking at the monitor for the letters.
people are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers.
removing items from shelves removes history.
if you find it offensive simply do not read it or listen to it.
people sometimes take it too seriously.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they change the cyclists mood towards the rider.
on the other hand, young children are in need of censorship.
should not be totally removed from a public library.
this is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them.
cultural books or magazines from other countries or of a certain topic can sometimes be very graphic and have language that is only appropriate for certain ages.
second, computers allow people to be able to learn about far away places and people.
someone could need to use a book that has something offensive in it, but they would all be taken away to somewhere else.
when it comes to censoring something based on how offensive something is, one always has to consider the gray areas that will be formed.
i am writing to the newspaper, about removing certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, and more.
when going to a library you expect to see various books, movies, music, magazines, and maybe other items.
thank you very much for your time and effort that you put in to listen to me.
an article said, too much computer using.
these are best portrayed in books that are sometimes removed from the shelves because of hard lessons or graphic words used.
that could make anyone feel uncomfortable.
the computer can teach you about any career, or regular job that you would need to learn about in just minutes, if needed?
in conclusion, computers do not help us.
the computer has a lot of fun games that you can play.
i would rather the world be an educated place with minor dangers, then a place where everything is kept secret and safe.
she will be ready to face the driving test with hope and support and because she adapted.
it is useful to interact with people of other nationalities.
the change from flat lands to hills made the ride more strenuous on the cyclist.
so, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people.
that is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world.
so he had to move around it.
people and politicians try to cash on the sufferings of people.
saying no to censorship.
people can go to those websites and organizations to know what they personally should check out from the library.
when five, my daddy used to tuck me into bed every night.
for example, you might love the computer but that love should not over power your time you spent with your family!
but i know that i was traumatized.
i would like to say computers are not interacting with family, friends, nature or anything of that sort.
movies use to be simple, they would have a simple plot, and everyone loved it.
materials like that can offend many people, so they should be removed from public shelves.
the mood of this story is happy in the author really shows how much of the love their parents and what they did for them.
of student study in computers and they learn about thing that they never knew.
i love her more than my life.
it makes me think that plans to start her life over in comparison with the hibiscus.
so is it worth it to you?
that book was specifically placed in the library for someone to read.
everyone cared for one other and they helped whoever was a need.
it was great to have the hot soup, as it made me feel warm.
you will still have to deal with people not wanting a certain kind of book, but those people will just have to deal with it.
if we were to take down all of the movies that are offensive to a person all the movies would be taken off.
the mood in this of writing was very happy.
i think we need our computers.
he ends up drinking all of the water he has, and needing to stop for some more.
features of the setting affect the cyclists moods in many ways.
keeping those historical facts poses an opportunity to teach and learn.
no one would be able to read and no one would be able to express themselves freely.
so by ending it with this and comparing to the geese, its showing that she is getting stronger.
computers are just plain bad.
making friends online is the unsafe thing to do on a computer.
there is no question that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our everyday lives.
computers are a nice device to have and are by far, used daily by almost everyone.
some books and music do have contents that are offensive to some readers and viewers.
computers have a large positive effect on our lifestyle.
i do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers.
my parents turned off graphic or violent television when i walked in the room.
the most widely used machine is the computer.
all of the books that were censored were meant to be enjoyed.
about of children are more attached to colorful objects than books with words in them.
there are lots of things that we cant do but reading should not be one of those things.
the people who are of proper age will be able to get the material, however.
on i can have up to people talk to whenever i want!
the author says vowed to express positive connotation in the paragraph.
limit your time to a half hour a day.
all in all, censorship is a horrid disease that slowly infects and consumes every part of our lives.
the thing is computers help us with our everyday life.
educational tours arranged by schools promote interstate and international goodwill.
maybe a newspaper talks about a great disaster and every one swarms the stand attacking each other.
i believe that this is one main reasons of obesity.
the reason love and kindness is the mood because he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so that he could grow up in the of .
the innocence of the youth today is slowly being destroyed by the subliminal messages found in music, magazines, and movies.
computers have proven to be a big role in job profiles all over the world.
the computer is an great place to look at updated pictures, and learn about your new hometown.
out of that end up getting better grades.
this evidence is located in paragraph .
both great resources for talking with others.
in conclusion computers are an easier way to get information.
now, an you can text people right from your computer!
but even though this could happen what type of free, run by the people for the people, group are we now.
but if you choose not to utilize the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning.
it became hilly and very inconsistent.
people should use a more often.
well i can, children today are learning nothing but violence and cursing these days.
they also publish important events.
he was getting more tired as he went along.
we should do thorough calculations and also we should do a thorough survey.
because once they are gone then some kids might not even attend the library anymore because of the books that they find interesting are gone.
in the world today, many teenagers and young adults are becoming more involved.
his spirits finally rise when he finds a store and drinks a good amount of water.
is a tool that of our nations used.
it will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about.
you can buy plan tickets.
this made him dehydrated.
we cannot let this continue.
i personally believe that there should be very strict restrictions on what children are allowed to watch, read, and listen to.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society.
his parents were kind suddhodana and queen mahamaya.
the reason why this story is caring is because they all the people stay there and they aid them until those people could move.
forgot to write down your homework?
that is why the author concludes that statement.
the experts say that people are spending less time with there friends and family then on the computer.
that does not mean that the item should be removed completely though.
to this day, his family is still united and they all still love each other.
all they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that.
this are three reason a think that.
libraries are one of the number one resources when researching, reading, or gaining information and knowledge.
if that song really, really offends they, they should just change the radio station and forget about it.
therefore, the author concludes this story with this paragraph to show how she will adapt to the change in her environment.
nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family.
they have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games.
having computer at home is not good specially to children.
this communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future.
the dry climate and lack of water affects him by having doubt.
of course every parent wants to protect their child, but eventually they are going to grow up and have to make their own choices.
my second reason is you can have fun.
libraries should be more aware of how people feel about the way they are set up and presented to the public.
i would have gotten stock in downpour without an umbrella!
some parents might not want there kids to be exposed to this.
he often told them of his admiration for their strength and perseverance, and he thanked them repeatedly.
radio stations play songs that talk about sex, drugs and violence but i believe that kids need to be associated with these things.
i love to play basketball outside.
many people use this device to book vacation, talk and build relationship people and to discover new ideas the world have to make the disagree strongly.
in this story the features of the setting dictates the actions of the cyclist in his quest to survive in the desert a lot.
yes computers are a great way to learn about things all over the world, but people have to worry about what is right in front of them.
we would have nothing and the libraries, movie stores and books would be empty.
finally in paragraph the author explains how he learned the true definition of family.
he also takes letters from the school to other nearby offices.
the example tells how she feels down about failing the test.
that is just to long to be on one website.
surprising enough a majority of the indecent language can be found in the young adult section.
these skills can also help us do more things at once.
i believe that the is the most important book in the world.
finally it makes you more social.
once because a co-possanger tried to relieve his sufferings by smoking.
who would want to go to a library with all the same books?
i think being on the computer is unhealthy.
we enjoyed the fair and returned home.
i walked into my living room.
i can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience.
in this memoir by , he explains and recalls the home he grew up in.
in fact, we are all called to share our ideas.
as very successful newspaper and people, i assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society.
it showed his small house and family and their interests and how they all acted together.
i think if they want adult type material they should have a section just for adults.
but some of these movies have offensive language and some appropriate scenes, that kids would want and learn how to do those type of things.
this story shows the love they have for each other and that even though they might go through some hard times.
meeting people from various professions is my another hobby.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
books help the mind to expand and gain a higher standard of learning.
lastly, there can be limits set so no more worrying about to much time spent on the computers.
this leads into taking a material or book they see, the wrong way and being offensive about it.
do you think that if certain books, music, movies, and magazines shout be removed from shelves because someone finds them offensive?
if you go on vacation and forget to turn off the lights, you can use your hand held computer to turn it off.
so many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me.
some of the movies and books people find offensive can be pretty bad and say nasty things and stuff like that.
this area could be created for adult or mature readers, viewers or listeners.
they benefit our society in many ways.
computers can give you the answer to any question.
she walks by a store and recognize a plant from her home.
i believe there is a meaningful reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
why not go out side and throw a ball to one another?
i stated all of my reasons why i support advances in technology.
everyone looks fresh and is full of energy.
i am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how i make friends.
censorship can include anything from photos, to language, to news reports.
you can email instead of using letters.
in this paragraph i will be explaining some features of the setting that affected the cyclist.
my computer helps me.
it really excites me when i think of flying like a bird in the sky.
lastly, they allow people to communicate quickly by an email or an .
also these are many hill making him have to use full force to get up them also making water a big deal.
nearly eight feet high.
also it could help you get a job.
just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles.
many use the internet in research other countries.
three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it.
first of all, you can learn about places that are around the world in a click.
first, instead of talking to people on the computer, go in person.
movies are enjoyable and you can also relate to some movies in your own way.
i think almost every movie might offend someone in some way, so if your wanting to take every movie off the shelf then go ahead.
finally, she is grateful when they are leaving their house.
on the world wide web you can meet some new people who not live in your state, or country.
they also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in .
the entire place was buzzing with people.
they are electronic, which means no paper.
and can only create a better person.
trees reduce pollution and increase rain.
the libraries and stores also should have the right to put whatever they want on their shelves.
do not exceed posted speed limit, represents how certain conditions of an environment can affect a cyclist.
movies today are all about special effects, love, sex, alcohol, parties, fighting, and the list could go on and on.
there have been a lot of books, teachers view as being educational books, that have been taken off of the shelves in libraries.
do people have the right to limit self expression?
it is never right to tell people what they can or can not know.
is also majorly grateful for their courage to come to a new world without knowing any of the language or culture just to give their children a better life.
many people know that children are most likely to want to do exactly the opposite of what they are told to do.
everyday when i come home from school, i find myself going straight inside and to the computer from there, i log into and .
the clown appears during the interval between one feat and the other and makes the spectators laugh heartily.
we can do this by helping to keep our sources of water clean.
people want to be able to do more than just talk.
if the parents explain, kids will understand why it is not good for them.
with them we can talk to others from far away, and fast.
for example your friend live the other side of the globe you an your computer and message so you can still talk to them all the time.
if you are a place of business you should not want things like that on your shelf.
he should love the younger students.
computers can affect the way people are and how they interact.
and all that good family comfort that we all crave at one time or another.
luckily, in our own era i do not believe we are censored from most things except of course politics going on between other countries.
as you can see the mood of the story is warm and tells us about how he had a good childhood
i am not complaining about this because i understand that schools have to be careful of what they are exposing students to.
the paragraph provides closure and a sense of hope, which is an excellent note to end on.
therefore the soldier is also an important person in society.
the cyclist was pedaling fine until these big hills came into affect and his energy was running lower as he went along.
books, movies, music, and magazines are made for people to look at, read, watch.
people think that this scene is to provocative and another person look at that and say there is nothing wrong.
some might say, ' means that the people of will be much more green!'
someone of an extremist religion group could be going there to read on something of their religion.
you can actually hear their voice and know its them on the other line!
a library is a place to go relax and read.
i believe if they put the books, movies, and other stuff on the shelf than it should be able to be read by children and others.
although i have all the right in the world to object to a book that i find inappropriate, somebody else might believe that that book is completely appropriate.
would this not get on your nerves?
in a library there are hundreds of materials that can be offensive to anyone.
get more copies of the book.
why go out to dinner when you can order it online?
besides education computers touch upon our economy as well.
the sheer delight of movement is enough to make the day.
helps you understand what the reader is feeling upon someone or thing.
dear newspaper, i am writing to you because think computers really effect people in a bad way.
so much so, that at times it is hard to find a common ground in a large group setting.
also, it is in the desert in the west, so there is a very warm climate already.
this feeling is without words.
along with websites, games and networks are also very popular and addictive.
the features of the setting in which the cyclist is in change his outlook on the trip.
there would be so many conflicts if this happened.
with a computer, you can find out all of that information.
it would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back.
instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them.
they could help by giving the people choices of what is right and what is wrong.
the parents accepted almost anybody into their home and they were very welcoming.
the issue to with is do you think that people are spending to much time on the computer or not.
the cyclist was becoming dehydrated, and began to lose hope.
i state this because the web has many things to do.
then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work.
one person find the book offensive and the next person not.
since we live in such a diverse community of religions, these pieces will never satisfy the audience.
the entire lunch period, we sat talking.
google, yahoo, and .
she means that even though she misses her homeland so much, she is slowly getting used to her new home, and her new life.
energy he barely has.
public libraries are a great help for the community.
but, you need to get up and exercise and computers are preventing people from doing so.
the sun is boiling down & water is running low.
even though these people think they are overused they still use them.
what has ever happened to freedom of speech?
for example, in , they sit on the floor they eat.
so use the time on the computer better.
so take a joy, eat a healthy, snack, and limit your time on the computer.
children read for many reasons, like to expand there minds and to enter a world where the book takes place.
maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review.
we all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of.
i believe that computers have a great effect effect on people.
for example if a man came in a library and asked the library to remove a book that is about murdering and has violence in it.
that any person finds offensive.
this is why libraries should have more than one copy.
it was very beautiful and peaceful.
lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework.
to conclude, the author creates a loving mood.
the feature of the setting greatly affected the cyclist.
do you prefer wealth to health?
you can look up a website that tells you about a word or a car that you need to learn about for school or work.
i guess if it really really bothered you, and there was a lot more people that felt the same way about the same thing then yes remove it.
he is a middle aged man.
readers could learn from the books how racism affects people, and why it is wrong.
you want to go and look you your favorite hockey player?
in the story many different settings affected the author in many different ways.
some people might not care about the things they see and some do.
plus while so much you will be prone to using in , thus you with, nothing but a bad grade.
the kids chose to read the book in the first place, so it would be their own doing if their life changed.
for example, say a young reader sees a book that they think looks interesting.
the cyclist is worried, he is not yet depressive and pessimistic.
i hope you liked my opinion about computers, remember, they are useful to some people, but not all.
people have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting.
exercise is important people let that bobby.
i understand that some teenagers can be offended to drugs or killings, in magazines or books, but some people like reading about that kind of stuff.
why should it change now?
when i first moved here i was a very shy person.
simply put a warning label on the book after a few complaints.
also, i think that anything citizens find offending should be hidden in some sort of area in a store or library.
all sort of people can be seen at a bus stop.
in high school we were told by our parents that we should not smoke do drugs or anything like that.
firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood.
like have sections for young kids then teens and then adults.
helps the environment.
whether your at your house, or on the go with your laptop, you can talk to people all over the world.
well, i strongly disagree with that statement.
many books have been on the banned book list.
sometimes they even ask if they can meet up face to face.
but until her flowers are gone, she will not worry about school.
before computers became popular, people had to work and look for .
you never know what people need to hear.
but if it offended someone, should he be allowed to remove it?
he killed many people, destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs.
say if you an your friend has the same computer which includes webcam, video messaging and more.
i am against any material that are offensive to someone or something else.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by the mood the cyclist and what happens as he journeys in the desert to a town.
tour guides who worked in , we being fired, due to less people wanting a tour, so less tour guides are needed.
i remember a time when my father traveled to on business.
books can be good things, but are they always good?
people all judge things differently.
is glorifying crimes is not a crime?
it was starting to become daylight and he had to walk miles to get to the next town.
the rolling hills, poisonous snake, and the conditions of the road worried her.
please take side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society.
many things that involve settings can affect other things.
every time you catch word on hope you become entitled to what could happen next and then feel sorry for the cyclist after having hope on multiple occasions.
as you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with family and talk to friends.
and it what his parents did for there children that they could have a better life in a new country.
it gives you a variety of things to look at or even check out.
most important a library is a place that you should not get offended in by what some one looks up, checks out or even says.
when the cyclist is biking it is very hot, he says in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
that is another feature that will affect him.
they are an advance in technology, and they have some positive effects.
the snake charmer sat on the ground, took his been and started playing on it.
it dose not really mater to me, we all have the wright to are one likes and dislikes.
the earth is a member of the solar system.
something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one.
these things are everywhere, and just taking these materials off the shelves are not going to solve the problem.
please when you are writing you article before and listen to my facts.
prince siddhartha married a very beautiful princess named yasodara.
in recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active.
my attentions for letting him read it are for all the right reasons.
everyone is cheering you on.
next, i believe movies should be censored because now a days we are letting are children watch every and anything they want too.
later on when the cyclist reaches the rough terrain, he starts feeling exhaustion as he depletes his water supply.
if you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries?
for example people such as .
i have a few relative in , .
advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer.
when kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing.
you can be facing serious danger, and your brain is not getting the exercise it needs.
you can buy many things on the internet the clothes on food.
i believe kids like me these day want to keep in touch with their friends.
the first reason is the books were written so they could be viewed by the public.
i live in melbourne, and basketball is a very popular game in australia.
many of the older people think that it is not fair for them.
just the other day i was in the library.
other people think computers are hurting the citizens.
i only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it.
exercising gives you energy and is good for you.
all of the previously listed things are rated.
books can be a way of learning how to deal with thing in a better way.
also, it brings us together to have a family movie night.
for example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park.
just like parents, librarians will try to find an educational book that the child enjoy.
if anything it will take away happiness in the world.
dear , i believe many people spend to much time on computers.
in my perspective, i just feel that the authors of these books are just writing and lets the creativeness take over.
last but not least, if we took out everything in libraries that are offensive, then we would know longer have libraries in our communities.
where going to talk about your you bring on the computer all you would with your family.
i say if someone spends there time and effort then it should be allowed for those who do enjoy it.
i enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone.
the children rush out of their classrooms.
therefore we get fresh
first, i believe there is absolutely no reason for any child to see explicit material.
the setting affected the cyclist because of the rode conditions.
i can tell he is very proud of his parents because they gave up everything to come to so their children could have better lives.
also of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects.
so they can play games with people from around the world using a computer.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
he is very intelligent.
everyone is faced with choices in life.
for other purposes like wanting to play online with fellow student or friends then you have to use computers.
he is basically in a desert and he is running low on water.
its not a pretty site, accept the things that we have now and use them to the best of your ability.
to get rice the farmers have to hull the paddy seeds.
you could pull up your browser and go on (a video site) and watch their wonderful variety of filling.
every person he asked told him is near, but from dehydration, it took him longer.
when the hibiscus will budding she will take the test again.
those sections were created for a reason.
keeping these stereotypes and harmful sayings off library shelves is a great business choice and will keep all customers happy.
in libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there.
those were the moods the set into this memoir.
for instance, if my sister needed help with science, she could go online, and learn more information about it.
dear , people owner either computers or laptops.
you cannot always trust internet sources.
when you walk into your local library there are thousands of books, magazines, movies, etc.
when the cyclist is going on his trip, he is riding through as desert.
our class was very surprised at the language and sexual innuendos involved.
do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate?
he admired their courage.
dad found out about and he decided to try it out.
people can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans.
do you like what i like?
books are what have taught all of us.
say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it.
dear newspaper, have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight?
i remember when she moved to .
have you looked outside lately?
so keep reading and think what you hear that could or has happened to you.
my grandpa was a veteran and he saw a bad and got so upset he cursed at the and almost threw the remote at it.
the scarcity of buildings in this dry desert terrain causes the cyclist to try every shack or building he comes across for water.
everyone can choose their own opinions.
almost anyone has access to movies, magazines, newspapers, music, books, television and radio.
a lot of today are censored because of the content in books, music, movies, and magazines.
so when some people are certain that a specific word or topic should be restricted, there will always be another person to say the exact opposite.
who knew that playing on the could get you so far in life?!
most people, like myself, do not agree with this idea.
supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon, and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out.
i would have very friendly relations with all the teachers.
then the girl went missing for about weeks.
it will also save you more money.
in conclusion experience with computers can benefit any one person and entire society all together.
they can play music.
with a computer it is much easier at your job or at school.
people take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but i doubt they ever realize how much we really need them.
the ability to learn about foreign countries is a big part in learning as a student.
he is a which means he managed portfolios.
we started crying; now we still best friends.
we rely on such things to get us through the day and teach us things we were never taught.
then decide whether or not it is offensive to even an adult audience.
with censorship you are only stripping the freedom of press away from people.
i have a hard time understanding why they do that but i guess they feel they have nothing else better to do.
there are too many of these tales to pick out even one.
like he starts off with strong less and a smile on his face.
cereals have a great nutritional value.
there even working with computers to make better bullet prove vest so they will be more lives saved in war.
another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture.
i you will come through to yourself and agree.
computer , they are the replacement.
i strongly suggest you look over my terms.
many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories.
they deserve more attention than a machine.
ends his memoir and proves to us how thankful he is.
this was affecting the cyclist because he was tired, hot, and getting dehydrated.
so school went by the bell rang it was time to go.
if we put out a warning system it is fair to everyone.
then came along and made me a somebody.
one of the of statements is of speech giving people the right to say and wright what they want.
this wonderful network is here in our computers.
the internet has over millions of websites for many reasons.
dear , i have been through some different libraries lately to see what other kind of information they had.
my first reason is freedom of speech.
the of this memoir creates a mood that is very touching and meaningful.
movies are the same way, they have ratings.
whenever wants to play hide and go seek with him he always finds a way out of playing with play computer.
therefore, those parents brought the books to the attention of the school board, who quickly removed the books from its library shelves.
we have to step up as the life goes.
is it right sending sheltered teens out in the world unable to fend for themselves?
this is about the geese and is referred back to when she vows to take the test.
due to his lack of water, he became dehydrated and really weak.
second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising.
any thing in moderation is okay.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have an effect on people.
so keep the books on the shelves even if children should not read them.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
it is their job to just offer information
computers have none of that.
i had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to !
truth is, someone, somewhere is going to take offense to the items in most libraries; you can never please everyone.
we have to stop this devastating pandemic!
of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help.
some people argue that these harmful materials are affecting how kids behave and act.
so if you wanted to learn a language then you would go to google or something and try to find a fast easy site.
those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder.
secondly, email has created a fast, easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas and even sales and specials offered by stores!
you lose relationships with your friends and family because you never get off the computer.
computers affect all of these areas of our lives.
i also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology.
like wise to the physical treatment, computers an relief.
if everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary.
dear newspaper, have you ever grabbed a nice cold cake and sat at your computer desk?
you learn so many good things from a libraries.
people are not being made to read and watch what offends them.
this fact itself proves our nearness to the animal kingdom or the animal world.
then, many words would be gone.
teenagers especially, they get ideas of the language and scenes from these sort of stuff.
thank you for taking your time and reading i really appreciate it.
one time i wanted to go on the web and look to see there was a in .
the communication is also great for businesses.
he should be humble and polite.
you would feel guilty if the child has problems for the rest of their life.
you can even take college online now!
books that are offensive should not be taken off the shelf all together, but should be put in a section made for adult readers only.
in conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways.
as a parent it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children are being shown.
it is clear the setting has affected the cyclist.
the library has over thousands of books and movies to choose from.
the reason why i believe they should not be removed because everybody is equal and not everybody likes to read the same books.
computers have been a huge convenience in a persons life by allowing all the information that was once in books to be contained throughout the internet.
whether we are reading a book, watching a motion picture, or even listening to a new music artist, our lives are being affected by such media.
i am apart of a generation that is being affected greatly by the world in a negative way.
if people buy the books that mean the libraries get money and the more books people buy the richer the libraries becomes.
so now students are pushed to use the web at home and at school.
if you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night.
if you want to learn something new or meet new people then i suggest you stop eating those chips, get off that couch and use the computer.
should this movie be taken of the shelves because it does use alcohol and drugs?
these probably exasperated the cyclist even more than he already was with the sun beating down on him.
some computers can help you, you can take school, learn how to write essays, learn how to read, and much more.
i think this because: you can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find.
students can be encouraged to do some kind of social work during holidays.
the sun had just set.
removing these things from the shelves can be taking some history right out of our lives.
if a piece of is particularly offensive; the piece should not be displayed.
if so many kids are getting hurt by the then why do we all keep using computers?
so i hope you take this in consideration that computer are great society.
my first reason i believe computers are good to have around is.
yes it dose have a positive effect on some people.
it keeps you and healthy.
for our sake , and our children .
people eventually will not be able to use libraries.
i support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the computer is defeating that purpose.
i also hope they people make the right vote.
computers are one way of communicating to loved ones in far away places.
sometimes adults find books that are not pleasing, why would we put them on a self to be publicly displayed?
but i am here to argue the .
he followed the short cut that some old men gave him, instead of taking the longer route.
in conclusion, computers have a far more positive influence on users than negatives.
there are many different things in the media that is shown everyday that is very offensive.
this has been a tricky question for years.
computers benefit society by using online.
many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer.
that was the mood i felt created by the author in the memoir.
where can you go wrong with that?
i can tell because every time the author speaks he is always happy, and i noticed not one negative thing was said during the story.
when does our first amendment right to free speech with censorship and too much censorship meet?
i do not believe that anybody should have the right to censor what content is provided in libraries.
this how computer help people talk with others around the world.
kids like to play with stuff they first see.
the cyclist pedaled through all types of different terrain.
the computer is the item that organizes it, for your entertainment.
dear have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer?
dear local newspaper, people think that computers educate people for the future but i think that they actually harm children and adults as well.
there are millions of people in the world.
this website is even more dangerous then or .
it makes him become very dehydrated.
being honest and hardworking are two qualities to have.
if there were no computers i would have to use a typewriter and if i made a mistake i would have to type the whole thing again.
this online behavior must stop people are getting addicted and gaining wait from the lock of physical activity.
if you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising.
some of the towns he was told of which turned out to be deserted, and as he could not find water there he soon because dehydrated.
this can bring you closer to the people you love, and help them get to know you a little better.
dear , people are using computers all the time but computers help us all the time in positive ways.
i strongly agree that we should have only two hours of the computer each night or have no computers at all.
one example of being offensive in a good way is the book '.'
read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effect.
if you were sitting near someone at a public library who was reading smut you could feel awkward.
we all sang songs of joy.
he tells that his family and friends are immigrants and how hard they worked to be free and give a better life to their families and children.
i believe that only by reading the literature on past situations and struggles can you avoid or overcome struggles you face or will face in your lifetime
they should be where the people that are or older get them but i still thing that they should not be and there.
at one point he says, the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed.
if it is winter, the least kids could do is go sledding.
what one person might not like the next person might love.
most of what i would take off the shelf would have to be about people being racist agents another person or people.
they might cause you to talk to your .
if this continued, we would have no books to read.
next, computers let you talk to friends.
instead of talking to people communicate.
my third reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives online games to little kids.
so, in my opinion computers do benefit society.
there is also extreme heat which causes him to sweat and even become even more thirsty.
there come a point when things just become too much.
in the memoir the mood that the author created is the memoir can be in two ways.
even if you are to have a high endurance.
he relieved because he can get something to drink.
but the more books read and understood, more books will be wrote and published.
the other mood that the author created in the memoir was gratitude in paragraph , this is shown.
there are negative and positive effects for each state.
i think its happy that he can express his feelings to us the reader.
i love them all very much.
if you do theirs something wrong with you.
if you can read you can do anything , you could be the one to run to whole world one day if you read things right.
my second reason for being is that it can help teach said and life skills.
last week i had my final examinations.
i think she is looking to start over and forget about failing.
further along, he said, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
we go to school for a vast amount of reasons.
regardless of who is reading it.
next this is good for buyers and sellers.
clearly, computers are more helpful to people than they are harmful.
according to a recent study, of citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet.
how do they learn from computers?
if a wants to see a rated movie or drink a beer that is the parents choice to let that see that movie not the person running the store.
it represents a hopeful tone, and symbols that relate to spring.
if they find something offensive about the material then they can just not look at.
this is my opinion expressed in words about how i feel about the whole topic.
the cyclist and his journey in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit were impacted by the setting.
and they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on.
in this time try and find a good action movie without cuss words in it.
to sum this all up i would like to tell you local news paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for the society!
in conclusion the authors sets a very sweet, inviting mood, by adding details of how joyful, and enjoyable his childhood was.
people spend too much time on their computers.
during the holidays, students are free from the burden of books.
it is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such.
lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing.
there is hardly any disease.
and it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis.
i know computers are but they do have a positive effect on people.
thru computers all around the world, and going on the computer can open you to the whole world.
computers offer numerous ways to chat online.
i was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter.
lastly, computers are doing more then good to everyone and they are becoming more and more unhealthy.
in my opinion that is just the authors way of how he or she wanted to do it.
with the next town miles away, the cyclist struggles to conserve his water to make it there.
or the big dragon came from .
reaching out to libraries about what they put on their shelves should be of their least concern compared to what is really out there in life.
it is a way for them to drown out the world and enjoy a good book.
the last one is magazines.
next year when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
this tells you that the road is very rough.
a main concern about computers is that no one will want to read books and anything else.
you will not want them listening, reading, or watching the things you watched as a child
nowadays, people just give out information to random people.
in conclusion to all of my facts, computers are good.
having trouble in school?
in history, we were doing research on the world hunger crisis in our allied countries.
the music some one could listen is also very bad, and your child could listen to that.
the internet is a good way to find out about a place.
you can become obese.
another example of the mood he creates is how he describes his relationship with other people.
the geese had become familiar over time, and finding the plant was simply comforting.
so does the heat from the sun.
censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not have it decided for them.
words like ramshackle and rusty.
this is why i think the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
friends more and go away but you can always chat it you need them.
this tells how the narrator is thankful.
responsible towns people are.
and every made in this world has internet capabilities.
he plans his lessons with great care.
genres were created for a reason.
there are other types of fruit trees as well.
you should talk to parents about getting their child an computer.
it is always good to discuss with others before we do anything.
they need the computer for that task.
a computer also new friends from other towns.
you can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house.
it shows her wilt and blossom again when she tells her mother the news about the test.
another can people computer spend less time with family and friends i was watching television and playing on the computer.
my friend was not happy.
this is where people bully kids over the internet.
they use it a little too often.
however, to absorb, you gain new knowledge, be it of a new culture or new person.
so is censorship wrong?
censorship in libraries is a big argument today.
today it seems as if anything you could imagine is out in the world somewhere, somehow.
its hardy and comes back.
in the parents thoughts, uncensored content should be kept away from children.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
people want to say whatever they want and they have the right to.
the great thing about you is you can find the information fast and easy.
was not afraid to displease the .
what do you do then?
they control and manage the traffic at road junctions and crossings.
they can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored.
in the past year, victim have committed suicide.
with computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away.
dear trained reader, !
ancient indian medicines prescribe cosmic colours to bring equilibrium in human cells.
computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things.
are many books, magazines, and movies out that contain content not necessarily appropriate for young children.
we pay for our room with no problem and we stand there patiently waiting for to step up and ask for a room.
to learn about far away places is great.
this is especially true in this case because of his lack of water.
although it made me very frightened, it taught me a very good lesson.
in my letter going to tell the bad stuff about computer and why there not good for society.
so many teens read that book and found it interesting.
alter playing computer games more and more the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and hit the mouse button is very important.
dear , i believe that computers do benefit society.
these are all the things that computers take away from people.
should books that seem offensive to you be put off of the selves?
another feature of the setting is very old and dirty.
so, computers betters society in many different ways.
last year, we had a science assignment to figure out how our heart beats faster.
the child goes to her older sister for help to find a different book.
we should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun!
in conclusion, if even more censorship was done to public libraries, libraries would be used less than they already are.
this shows instead of buying games online, your buying seeds to help the environment.
in the center, there is a carpet.
he had to attend many periods.
i had finished my syllabus, but i was still very worried.
dear , i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
first reason is that computers help people educate others.
censoring these people can and would be horrible.
they might start it lost minute.
there was no place to get water and he was becoming dehydrated the terrain was getting rougher.
this means that friendship will wont see each other if they spend all day on the mental health when they turn on the computer.
it can help you connect within your own family more.
there were some dwarfs sitting nearby.
in this i will tell you how the cyclist was being effected.
they think it is cool seeing someone else doing drugs, violence, or nudity.
plus, computers begin to consume the rest of peoples' lives.
different genres of music even send bad messages.
well not all magazines are rated , some have inappropriate material in them.
first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world.
in addition, most people use computers.
overall, censoring libraries ends up being more pain than it worth.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
most modern day businesses are run by computers.
computer give people the ability to learn about places faraway.
if this was done everyone would have a book to read a magazine to look at music to listen to and a movie to watch
i do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf.
but not the land has changed and the directions were wrong.
all major corporations use computers to invest, sell products, and store information.
it also helps keep everything organized that way.
second, when he ran out of water.
people are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising.
saying such, if someone finds a book offensive, they just should not pick it up.
people who spend more than one hour on the computer are involved in , , or playing a computer game.
the next big topic is .
so they will decide whether or not they should have books, magazines, or music removed from the shelves.
he does not pick up, so you walk to your clean, shiny black computer.
that is the top secret of the happy life of my home.
the author explains, throughout the memoir, how his parents were caring and loved to help others.
the third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want.
i believe that this should still happen.
if so, then maybe we should something.
if we took all of these books off the shelves, there would be nothing left to read.
computers can show you pictures of a place, but when you are actually there, it is really fascinating.
we should always think about the results before we say or do something.
dear newspaper my name is and i am a student that attends .
by making it attractive, a book-fair creates an awareness in those who don’t read habitually.
moving is very hard, you leave a place where you have so many friends to a place that is so new to you.
if you have kids you know you only want the best in their present & future.
they appear in films and books and now have invaded all walks of life.
i have never heard of a kid book that is terrible and that should be pulled off the shelf.
that is why i think that books need to get into the right hands and not into kids hands.
my mother goes there on some occasions, like, to get information from a book or a computer.
people were happy with the word change, but others felt that by censoring the word they were taking away a very vital part of the story.
we still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity.
soon after that, he did not see anything.
the path of the planets is known as an orbit.
i would want it to be read, seen, and heard.
he had no determination there because there was nothing he could do to better the situation in his cause.
dear people that read the news paper and that have that like to play the computer all day more.
having a computer is mandatory for school.
dear , , experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers, which is harmful to their health.
it is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on
there are also lot of different in what people want.
he is happy is parents worked so hard to get him to new jersey.
so far the cyclist had a great ride for about two miles into his journey after that it started to change.
pride, determination, relief all are things that the cyclist felt during his long bike ride.
over all, the setting caused the cyclist major problems, physically, and mentally.
books, although very rarely, have been banned from libraries and censored from the entire world.
that really concerns some people and can hurt the library that held the book, and they could begin losing customers.
censorship is simply a way of preventing knowledge from those who wish to learn more about worlds outside their own.
many people have varying opinions & beliefs, but i personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them.
many people are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face.
that is one reason i think the books should stay on the shelves.
for everything they did with him.
can one person eliminate more than one book just because it offensive to them?
if we all had the same opinions, we would not be ourselves in anyway.
dear local newspaper, i believe that people should stay with computers.
the title of the magazine was superstar.
she describes peaceful things in nature, like the geese and hibiscus, that she draws strength from because they remind her to her homeland.
the school can have a bad image from the students.
she felt a sense of security in conclusion the author ended with that sentence because its a new beginning for her and that hibiscus means a new start.
instead of being on computers, i think it would be best to spend time with your family.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented.
is it kissing that makes books and media offensive or is it curse words or fighting.
i my i can shut it .
secondly, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around the .
i also agree with that.
i like to read subjects such as murder files, drug bust, biographies, and autobiographies.
libraries are very educational.
they should also make it where you rate a book like you rate movies, video games and other things.
like how happy dose that makes that person that reads the books.
we have the freedom of speech in the .
some censorship is good, and a fact of life.
the dry, bland, and hilly terrain of the desert hindered his journey
i this because and family.
she asked the other students to be kind to me.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
int he library there are many magazines that are meant for adult eyes only.
most people think computers are unsafe, and that be partly true.
they always helped out people in need.
so do you over your own child.
most common type of music that you can find in the library is , , or music.
i saw my favorite actors on movie saying bad words, so i figured it was alright.
people need to communicate through computer a lot.
this is what i think the mood is in the memoir.
in the short story, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
which needs to end now these beautiful land marks across the world are being wasted because hardly any ones looking at them.
the writer of the book writes on his observations and his own personal experiences in life.
young children need books to help their imagination grow.
first of all, the author creates this mood that makes you want to cry.
in my conclusion, censorship is not good in our public libraries because it taking basic things out of the libraries and taking half of the reading from people.
this advantage is allowing friendships and relationships to continue, is that really bad?
did you know that the human body has only one liver!!
technology is all around us.
so i asked her if i could go tot the public library to get the book and she said that it had been removed from its shelves as well.
among the animals we can include goats, lambs, hares or rabbits also.
it has two big headlights.
one reason is the you could talk online with people.
now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for!
my ambition is to become a doctor.
do you think computers are helpful?
everyone has the right to say how they feel and not get in trouble for it.
everyone likes different things and has different views.
i can back that up as well.
when you go to the library, what kind of books do you look for?
but then they also have uncensored items.
how would we be call the land of the free if we are censoring everything.
also if kind of surgery on it and that will cause you from doing almost everything with that one hand.
in order to maintain healthy you have to eat right and good in riding a bike.
just like how they have an adult and children section.
a child looks at things like that they get ideas about what the book is talking about and try those things they read.
it is very caring of them because when they moved to not only did they look after their baby, but other people that needed help as well.
computers definitely have good effects on people!
one day my plea will be heard.
most libraries have a huge selection for all types of readers or people who would like to watch a movie.
the computers have gone to far now.
there are a few reasons for this.
every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject.
another element in the passage adds gratitude to the overall mood of the story.
maybe you could even make next about how resourceful, beneficial and social computers are!
if heavy censorship is allowed in libraries, then libraries will become diminished resources, only containing a few documents.
to help improve this people need practice.
if we start taking offensive books off the self then every body coming in would be taking books off the self.
the book tells the story of a young white boy running off with an older black man.
computers help us to find information we needed.
in that case, parents can feel more content with having their children read any material at the library.
today in the media there are many things that can be found offensive.
some young teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people went threw.
finally parents can set limits on what their own children read.
many parents are becoming upset because they think their children are viewing things that they should not.
other people sit at their and get mad or angry at .
in the book ' ', books are outlawed.
this also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time.
first, i will be talking about how people use computer too much.
the computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while.
so please take the violence off the shelf
computers can help you to learn faraway places like , , , and other faraway places.
it is taking away their life.
these computers helped to industrialize and grow our great superpower of a country.
i think that it would really suck and tons would agree with me.
censorship in the library is to find books for everyone to read.
the author created a feeling of homeliness and peace.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
the feeling that the uses to describe his house is the feeling that the whole memoir had.
i think people over react on some things.
is a computer going to benefit society, or will they have catastrophic results.
movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship.
there are online college and online high school.
the snake was big and the cyclist had to work his best to pass it while wobbling from dehydration.
i have, heard of many books.
this undeniable thankfulness is a large part of this memoir.
as you can see i need my computer for many things.
i am clearly in favor of owning and using computers.
doing when was easy you will also get a better grade.
items should not be removed from the shelves based on the fact that someone takes offense to it.
and i have to think, ' about the authors?'
just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand eye coordination.
this means they will be on them all the time, and never do other things like go outside.
in the story rough road ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit the setting of the story majorly affected the cyclist.
the only time he goes on it now is rainy days.
i thank that all of the books and movies and more should not be censorship because people have a right to no what they what to no or see.
lot about computers.
how would you feel if you were forced to only enjoy the exact things that everyone else enjoys?
yes we should keep the books,music,movies,an magazines.
every human being does not have the same taste in what they read, listen to, look at, and watch.
they make research easier and faster to find.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was in a very thankful mood.
advances in technology are amazing.
also, it is keen that libraries divide up the different resources into separate sections for children, young adults, and adults.
it makes it easier to work on projects.
computers have a positive influence on people.
a large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society.
some parents do not want their child to hearing or saying things like that.
i have a uncle that lives in .
your computer is making you stupid.
if we really have that freedom the censorship violates it completely.
before my uncle went to , he wanted to learn about their culture.
they are both rated differently on levels of age.
although this is not always the case, it does increase the chances of wrong decisions and it does have and influence on the younger minds.
another thing the computer can teach you is about animals.
has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school?
some of my friends spend hours on the computer a day that they could be playing.
burn the average person between the ages of and spend more then hours on a computer.
my own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away.
magazines like this should be put in an adult section where students cannot look at them.
for some reason some people went to stay inside on the computer but other go outside on a good warm day.
also if you do have one than reading this persuade you into getting one.
by taking the books off the shelves, i believe that that would be repressing their as .
the features of the surrounding landscape affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book.
you can go on game sites and play thousands of different games.
they sit in groups of three or four.
later in life when i have kids i would like them to dream about what they want to do in there life.
with the help of internet i was able to see a far away place and experience the country as if i was there.
he talked about the cheerful house, people and neighborhood.
so computers have a big effect on how these people live their lives.
it can be fun chatting, educational or hard working.
so, with this way i would really like if there was a scale, or organization of books.
nature is good smells good, looks good, and computers make people stay inside all day!
next the hills and roads, over one long, crippling hill.
they look for knowledge and taking away a persons' learning capacity can be harmful to everyone.
some of my friends to have started enjoying a reading book as much as i do.
the computer can explain cultures from any where in the world.
so by secluding the books, magazines, videos, etc.
have you ever read or seen something that u took offense to you or others?
action songs were sung.
computers are positive because of the new technology!
not to fear super duper computer is here.
it also helps in sports.
the is affected in many ways.
the author was speaking very proudly and happy about her parents.
the hills make him run out of water and energy even quicker.
with the invention of , and , can talk to friends that move out of town.
so the author of this article really shows how just the whole town had a sense of togetherness with the family.
there was many features that affected the cyclist such as heat and lack of water.
some people would get very upset about how it was wrong because they are teaching the kids wrong about religion.
should libraries be more careful about what they put out in their place of establishment?
i remember the times when i had a project due at school, and i guessed on.
the author sets a calm, kind and gentle mood by talking about family and friends.
dear people, computers have been here for not a very long time and everyday more people buy computers and everyday people use them.
when their playing tag and hide an go seek , so movies, books , music, and magazines play a big part on the way they behave.
if they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place.
she is also sad because she failed her driving test.
i believe all libraries should have to have censorship in their library
that is how the different settings effected the cyclist.
if the weather is cold and rainy the cyclist would not want to be riding.
computers have helped the modern world with questions, long distance friends, and entertainment.
so many kids could check things like that out, and not even know what it actually is!
lastly i think books that express violent and criminal acts should be censored from minors.
when people are on the computer they can learn about interesting far away lands.
computers, we use them everyday.
if all different races want censorship, then why would we censor to the liking of just one group of people?
today you just have to go onto and type it out.
only then will they defend their countries so they can preserve freedom.
that is for you to decide!
there are two books that i read called the and .
second, it helps us connect with, and meet new friend.
no, i think that if a person is offended by it then they should not get it.
i believe that there should be a very limited selection that children can see.
what would you say if there was nothing left on the shelves to read, listen to, or to watch?
a people, we are quickly learning that what was once so genius, is actually dangerous.
for example, you can talk to your friends and family to check in on them and see how their doing.
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries.
libraries must have many different kinds of materials in them to please everyone in the community.
if you like sports you can look on the internet and find pages about different sports.
have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that?
you can not removed that.
for example i have younger sisters and they love to go on the computer and some websites are not good for younger kids.
instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc.
he believes in simple before his students.
this system gives parents the ability to keep their children away from harmful material, without taking it out of the hands of adults.
the main conflict of the cyclist in this text is the lack of water.
in the memo i mentions how thankful truly is to his parents for giving him a life of family, and happiness, love etc.
all you have to do is type the place you want and boom there it is.
also, books are used to help people out and they make people more intelligent.
censorship in libraries.
both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then.
children need to be protected from materials that hurt them in some way.
the author created a very positive and optimistic mood in the memoir.
lastly my third and final reason on why i agree is because student absolutely do not exercise.
they are helpful for getting your local weather.
computers also let people learn new things.
makes you lazy and keeps you from you kids.
well i do not believe it is a good technology in our generation.
our body gets ultra-violet and infra-red treatment from sunlight.
music is sometimes said to help people cope with life problems.
because of the amount of heat the cyclist was enduring, he became weary and dehydrated.
this was how the the features and setting affects him in many ways.
almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time.
this makes the cyclist feel worried about getting dehydrated.
in case we get lost on the roads the computer can us get to out location.
the theme of this story is adjusting to things in life.
the human mindset can only be expressed through the art which the human creates.
they sacrifice their luxuries to provide food and education for us.
so, you want to have your news be the latest divorces and computer game high scores?
in the end, i think computers benefit people around the world.
if you find a book offensive put back on the shelf and leave be.
is also great way to meet new people.
in conclusion, i believe that the children now a days that are exposed to any type of offensive things should know the meaning behind it.
you are so excited until you realize you know nothing about .
if there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is.
when you are on your walk you find interesting new species.
as a western middle school students, i know the amount of projects and research we are required to do per class.
not every child learns the same way, nor are they interested in the same things.
it would take longer to get it from a computer than an activity.
among all other ties, friendship brings immens joy in our life.
he talks about family, love, and home.
for example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words.
by seeing all of those plants again especially the hibiscus she can draw strength from the memories she has.
i feel like censorship is wrong.
some people even go to school over the computer and get a degree in something.
i believe that drugs, alcohol, and curse words have a big influence on kids these days.
so, by behaving well, we can win the hearts of everyone.
instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster.
dear , would you want to do in your spare time?
they can do and research whatever they want.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy.
now tell me, who would want to be the unreasonable person and take that away from anyone who is interested?
we can also talk to our friends online.
what should be done about the books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some of the people?
to learn about these ideas, you usually read about or see them somewhere.
it should not be put into more mature movies and music, such as movies with adult content and rap.
they can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things.
computers almost makes anything possible.
as you can see these are the reasons i think it has good effect.
so if they had the right to remove that book i would have never got the chance to read that book.
addiction, online bullying, and becoming overweight is not the only problems of a , there are many more.
in society today, people take things in very many different ways.
you can learn about the history of presidents, countries, important people music,etc.
i remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was last day to do it.
the library is where they get the books from.
this is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to .
in addition to students, doctors also greatly benefit from computers.
this shows that there is no one around to help him if he falls down from a heat stroke or anything like that.
they also have several unhealthy diets that teenagers might try.
they never can do anything like going outside and doing sports.
so please make sure you try to spend time with your family.
you cannot sit there and waste your time on the computer.
a computer can also make signs for a business or business cards.
she maintains the library very well.
people use messaging and its also a way getting connected to others.
why a laptop of course!
so i hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.
he showed how happy everyone was to be together and nothing went wrong.
it ended in the same mood started in the middle of the passage, happy.
i believe that this quote concluded the story because it ashamed a tone and feeling of hope.
things like this although can be very offensive maybe to some people should be viewed because it can teach.
not all reading materials are dangerous to the mind and eyes of the youth.
ask yourself if you would react the same way to a person who uses offensive language what should we do then?
from three o'clock till ten o'clock playing chess with strangers from all over.
the geese represent the new place she is living in, and the hibiscus represents her old home.
also now they have online classes and you can learn their language before you go.
try and change what the reader might think about that time.
they can learn and even interact with.
she is determined to pass the test.
also in , the author talks about how he could not thank his parents enough for all they have done for him.
an advantage of using it in school, means so much to the people and there education, computers have changed the human race forever.
they will be happier, trust me.
lots of people find many pleasures to watching offensive things.
the valuable time of getting daily exercise is reduced, you will not see your family enough and some of the costs are outrageous!
doing that with their life.
then neither party is happy, because both of their books are gone.
computers are used by many people to interact with another.
he feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
that is why i say that how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
you guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing.
the librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it.
dear, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
in my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people.
computers are very helpful in many ways.
decides that he wants to learn, but he does not know how.
i think this for simple reasons, , you gain computer skills, which can help in other situations.
therefore, i believe censorship is wrong.
these are a few things you should consider when choosing a side on this debate.
lastly, a moderation could be extremely helpful for us today.
you really can not get away with out dealing with it
he even put pebbles in his mouth to suck on so he would be able to keep his mind off water.
the mood that is presented, is happiness
another setting i feature that affects the cyclist is the absence of any civilization on his cycling path.
more people should see computers as a positive effect on people.
there was always one book that i remember the most named, 'a light in the ' by .
if so then that person would never get any royalties for their story and no money to support themselves.
people have a craving for information, they like to learn and advance.
if its about adult relationships and the child takes it, then the parent should explain it all and tell them what is going on.
do you believe that books, music, movies, magazines, and articles should be taken off the shelves at stores just because people find it offensive?
i know that spending too much time on a computer is not all that great, but these are just of the benefits from it so please consider this.
one you can use them for almost everything.
this shows that the cyclist is at a high altitude, which makes breathing more difficult.
what need to is get together and unite.
they help people when they need it, it gives people entertainment.
the mood set for this story is loving.
the internet got for more technical in the past years.
because of the heat he was drinking his water regularly to stay hydrated.
was a topic that drew their attention, but not very appealing to me.
she ends it with this sentence because its a sign of new life.
they mostly were memories of good past times and how he grew up in a loving and caring family.
it can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts.
you can save over a year.
they are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it.
the libraries do all for money they make.
is exactly what the kid would say and show the book to their parent.
once a teenager or child view all the vibrant advertisements and beautiful models selling products, they begin to lose a sense of reality and childhood.
in total, computers cannot have a bad impact on people.
this is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way!
computers have become the number one source to find information.
however you do it the libraries will lose the little money they are getting from the people.
no one really goes for walks any more either.
a computer is more educational than what most people would think.
i firmly believe that this is correct.
people get addicted then they become lazy and eventually obese.
they hear things from older siblings, see uncensored programs on television, hear words in music, and even learn things from books.
computer usage has its ups and downs,but my point is safety, health, and education, one the main issues we face because of modern technology.
they made him begin to think he had taken the wrong route when he saw these things were outdated.
computers take away from friends and family time.
what so you think about this?
this a important skill because it helps with physical movements, using your hands for example.
they most likely have to have those materials on the shelve because that is whats required of them.
also the girl is getting happier at the end and that makes the reader happy.
so spend time with family and friends and go outside too!
but i would have to say that most people live off of or get entirely influenced by what they read or hear.
there are some material that have offense that seems life threatening.
it has grown extremely popular in chatting.
next you should post this out on you news paper.
maybe a near death experience causes someone to write a book.
it is much more fun to be with someone in real life, then to talk with them online.
some people think that computers take up too much time for the important things.
do you believe that certain materials; books, music, movies, and magazines should be removes from the shelf if it is offensive to some people?
besides interfering with our computers do the same with education.
so when it spring again and the hibiscus is fully bloomed that why she take the test again because she will feel more comfortable in and with her surroundings.
the rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing.
this is how the features affect the cyclist.
same with the magazines, movies and books they should all be in a room together away from all the rest of the items in the library.
there are many fun websites made for everyone.
dear , , walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screen i earning new and exciting, information they can everyday.
also if we can make something like computers imagine all the other possibilities of technology advancements.
computers have an effect on people but in a negative way.
there are most likely books that one person could find offensive, but others do not.
i come back home and finish my lessons.
back before the telephones was invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communications with where communication is important because it is the main source of communicating.
my parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them.
many books that people find as explicit content to them, not be to others.
like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else.
or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work?
such as staying organized, studies, and even entertainment.
also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper.
now lets talk about what we can learn about our planet.
is this you want for your self and generations to come?
it leaves many students uneducated about many things that they need to be educated about.
if you say good for you.
is it right to have all types of shown to all ages?
these great qualities computers have for people are fantastic.
but know a days there are so much stuff people can do to get all of things.
imagine your child or someone that is very close to you.
there is nobody to tell them what is wrong and right so some kids might not know.
secondly, students can listen to music.
removing information from the library because it is offensive is essentially depriving people solutions to problems.
what would we do without them.
you can also do things while your on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call.
then soon you can type with without looking.
censorship is a fine line, and everybody has a different place where they draw that line.
censorship in libraries is something good to have and something bad to have.
in my opinion, i do believe we should not have overly offensive materials on the shelves.
you see much of our population spends at least hours a ween on the computer.
that is why i think the memoir gives off loving and caring mood to the readers.
i found all i needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project.
there are even games for educational fun that many kids love.
that is not good for your health at all.
computers help us with many things but the most important is jobs.
i ' think that books should be censored.
some of these materials be books, magazines, movies, and music.
not everyone is the same, so not all people are going to think the same way.
being outside can be lots of fun too.
movies can also inspire different people to do different thing, such as become an actor also.
they provide books, movies, magazines, music, and computers for you to locate something you are looking for.
dear (newspaper), this is a very controversial topic.
going back to my introduction my first reason was you can find stuff online.
lastly, materials at a library should not be censored because each and every item there could help with some kind of research.
plus sex makes books better.
books are important to have.
libraries are fun to go to.
students would better understand the content they are and when they go to school, they would already know it.
all you need to do is print out the pictures!
my first reason is talking online.
these are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
the author takes this to heart including, more events which enhance this symbolized meaning.
computers can be real great and easy to use as you can see, for schoolwork.
would you want someone judging your belief or opinion?
this material can create a very ambitious young child.
i recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature.
one example would be our phenomenon search engine, google.
people bargain with him before buying things.
for example, since she has move to the united states, she feels homesick.
their job is to supply the community with books, movies, magazines, etc.
the computers are cool.
advantages and disadvantages of examinations
anything could happen, and your children need to be prepared.
others feel that sensitive audiences not be comfortable with the text.
he teaches us english.
one of them was pulling her eyes back (like someone would do if they were imitating an person) because they were itchy.
the cyclist traveled through the desert to get to his destination.
the bumpy road is hard to pedal over, and the endless stretches of land make him feel as if the next town is years away.
talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can get to know different people.
its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in.
one way was when he was describing the warmth, music and cooking in his house.
best of all, you will be able to talk to your friend and family online.
i for one do not like doing things, if they might offend someone.
to make things better, she bought a hibiscus that reminded her of her old home.
as you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages.
people choose whether or not to believe certain things for themselves, and with those come their personal opinions.
if advances continue that number will increase and other problems arise from it.
they will most certainly destroy you, readers.
there are also many more than what i listed.
it has changed the way we do almost everything today.
to begin, the books selected to advertise on the shelves of a library are not restricted for a certain age level.
among those effects are ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of find entertainment.
they are useful ways to make life easier.
in my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller.
over all computers have a positive effect on people.
as he began his journey, he had full confidence in the directions given given to him by the old men.
need an idea of where to go?
in the story winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with this paragraph for many reasons.
it is very difficult to have somewhere to go to read but there is nowhere to go.
also, if the terrain was flat and smooth, the cyclist had less problems making the long journey.
the hibiscus from her old home give her a sense of comfort.
you can not do the thing, in the pleasant air of nature.
the quote used for this essay explains this thought more thoroughly.
there are plenty of people that would like to have access to that information or entertainment.
first of all, computers help us a great deal with homework.
then the child started singing and dancing.
, in my opinion computers are good for people.
also, everyone has different interests.
in , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require.
without them it would take double to triple the amount of time to do something without them.
do you believe computers have a negative effect on people?
we should give alms only to the disables beggars.
many of the features of the setting effect the cyclist.
it teaches the reader that the heart felted sacrifice and hardship the parents endured is priceless and the love that an immigrant family has for one another is endless.
that way when you get bored there is always something to do, instead of being home all day.
my mom goes to school and she tells me how she never has time to study because she always on the internet.
this is the exact opposite of what a human should be doing.
this was a horrible action because the religion is an extremely interesting one and now many people will never know anything about it.
should people have the right to take down other people ideas?
libraries should be censored so that way everyone can enjoy themselves.
people grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep at the computer.
planes will fly near me and i can wave hands to pilot.
the internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there.
education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now.
it is a hard choice to make.
of use their computers to talk with others online.
this can prevent many problems.
a public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in.
or i can also talk to friends after a long day of school.
materials that are removed from the public are generally removed because of one specific group which complains about its content.
students in high school to the after school with friends and get in to see rated movies parents.
on television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff.
stop being about yourselves and get over it.
without computers i never would have learned so much about that place.
another aspect that can affect cyclists is the heat.
a poll even says that of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer.
people slowly remove themselves from reality and enter an alternate world of cyberspace.
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”
computers are great for many reasons.
you can just his name and hundreds of different websites using will came.
therefore one is to believe this reasoning is the assumption as to why the ended the story winter hibiscus with the paragraph selected.
its a great way to get fit, rather than typing and clicking away at your .
one had already started tearing the hair of the other.
i had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly.
imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond.
it tells us that she will keep trying and is determined to do so.
my final reason why computers are good, is that they serve instant pleasure.
this quote shows how even though its not an object of beauty, it can do what it takes to survive.
now you can use this technology as a tool not a game.
identifying people with finger prints fast so no one can get hurt.
he wants to tell us about what they did for him.
the author also said that there was no way to express her gratitude for the generosity impressed upon her at such an early age.
the setting had a great effect on the cyclist.
in the story winter hibiscus the author ends the story in a way that shows that she wants to start fresh.
without computers students would have it a lot worse.
computers really help the elderly out a lot.
we know there are consequences for saying certain things, but we are supposed to be allowed to say them.
offensive books to them, such as parents or maybe even friends, they can teach a child wrong, and that child not learn the right way.
many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them.
computers are of many things for they you.
almost everyone has a email now.
there are a lot of disadvantages to computers.
most teens say they are always willing to meet new people, and the internet is a great way to do so!
this lets me know that he does view his house as a home and that means he is happy.
as i was growing up, i was able to get what i needed done for my school at the library.
so next time when you want to buy something that maybe to mature for children, you might want to reconsider going to the library.
how many kids do we see at school carrying around one of the ' ' books?
i the culture and how you need to appreciate what you have.
' are you reading' asked mom.
one reason libraries should not be censored is because nobody is forcing a person to pick up material that might have offensive content.
dear , a student of the local middle school technology is utilized to the fullest.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist.
without it, these days, just about everybody would be lost!
through reading the book ' ' by , i have observed that parents need to have some involvement in their children are reading, listening to, and watching.
and then the other old man asked him did he know the best way there.
had made us a better world.
all they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were for, and it would come up on the screen.
i think the mood is love because he talks about the love and support his whole family had.
this is the case for many other people too.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it more difficult to ride.
so he is on his way to the nearest town which is miles away and he thinks he can make it.
on average it takes seconds to find information.
somethings can get in sink too a brain and it could never be helped or solved.
conflicting works of art such as books, music, and movies, have always been seen in libraries.
it is a new day and age; things have changed from what they once were.
people losing time to have fun.
there is a book out there that you will enjoy.
i went to my friends houses and listed to explicit music and watched rated movies.
a few days after price siddartha’s queen mahamaya died.
computers can cause safety issues.
the more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active?
instead of being on the computer learning hand eye.
floods are natural calamity and take place regularly in certain areas.
it is a big deal if your cursing all the time but most kids know better and know not to do bad stuff.
more and more people are going to become like.
people, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday.
no characteristic dictates the other characteristics of another,so why should an item?
when he talked about the different cultures and races coming together and becoming a solidarity made the feel welcome to everyone no matter what race you are.
the reason i say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging).
also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high.
today, a lot of children and teenagers are getting bullied.
he was running out of water and his legs felt like they were going to break off.
already upset about failing her driving test, the main character is upset missing her homeland.
in addition to that, this music offends many adults as well.
admires them and their courage.
could help you out a lot.
you can play games with people from around the world.
people are having less, and less human interactions as computers become more popular.
t that could be offensive to anyone particular.
dear , people think that computers are used too much, and are helping people become over weight, and even obese.
lastly, computers are helpful ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
is this good for people is what there doing affecting there health and physical activity.
it showed how she will start new and continue happily.
same way with the media.
political correctness can not always be followed when writing a story.
movies always have ratings, so staff could put anything rated or above on those shelves.
fresh air clear your mind.
the ways physically is the setting is hot and rough and the cyclist would have lack of water and food supplies.
they have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses, without regard to what other people find offensive.
for example, there are many different religions in the world.
people can chose to quit listening to a song, quit watching a movie, or quit reading a book or magazine that they find offensive.
the question then is, do computers have positive effects on people?
in conclusion, offensive material should not be removed from our libraries, rather regulated through our parents or elders.
the lack of water affects the cyclist because it is hot outside and he needs water.
and it can help us find things like job and other stuff.
that sounds like things you can get at the library, right?
there are different kinds of butterflies in our country.
there was an announcement.
is only six about to be seven.
people should be able to keep their freedom of speech and be creative without being ridiculed by people
you like music, movies, and more?
so censoring these would in turn censor one voice and emotions.
books help people escape the harsh world we live in, or help them gain more knowledge.
with others, updates worldwide and information on school all are in a great piece of technology called the computer.
perfect day to go out and get active, right?
music if it has an sticker you have to be over to rent it.
nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences.
but just then, my son me to get one, and i have the chance to talk to my family everyday.
this proves that the reader was constantly drinking because of the time of day and year he was out.
the last thing that i am going to talk about is how i feel on censorship in libraries.
doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures.
men in their sunday best and women and children in all colors of rainbow added to the dreamland atmosphere.
after reading this essay i hope you will agree with my position.
as the debate continued, i myself begin to ponder the subject.
people spend way to long on the computer.
using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated.
he also cares that his parents do so much for other people.
with music, if there is a bad word, the word is just skipped over or bleeped out which makes the song sound strange.
he does not hurt the feelings of others.
dear local newspaper, , my name is .
if somebody wants to read about a specific topic, then they have the right to.
finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them.
as you can see computer benefit society helps peoples hand eye coordination.
dear , a home on your town; all you hear is, mom, mom , mom drive me to the library to get books.
features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
continue to gain weight, families fall apart and the economy collapses, all because computers.
you would be amazed on the amount and different things people can get offended by.
censorship in the , what is offensive to some not be to others.
finally, computers allow people to talk online.
when i was in eighth grade, i was with some friends.
another reason why computers are is because you can type essays & papers, , change you of computers are bad to computers make us !
these books should not be taken away from the library shelves.
but what if a close friend moves away?
we all have the freedom of speech, so why not let the authors of the materials have that same freedom.
literature would have an immediate downfall if books were censored.
after sometime the bride came.
the content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent.
we shouted at the top of our voices.
when i read books like that they make me feel better about my life and i interact with others.
also if they have nervous parents, the library could get some calls.
some people even take classes online.
many children are seeing bad material at too young of an age.
so please, local newspaper keep reading and i will change your mind about computers effects on people.
would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about?
these are the items that teach us new things everyday.
like , and the obese have shown how people gain weight.
it also symbolizes that when the plant buds and fights all the obstacles to survive, then she will beat the obstacles to past her driving test.
did you know that adults learn their knowledge about the environment, politics, and other basic information from the computer?
so in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone.
the settings of your environment always seem to affect your mood.
she researched it and got how to the mark go away.
for example, a book that you think is boring could actually be interesting to another person.
in conclusion, i believe that computers have a great effect on people around the planet.
also, i can keep in touch with my friends anytime i want.
also, the things we read everyday are what make us who we are so there, in fact, should not be less books but more.
should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended?
if your worried about it take a break from it for a while.
it is one of my most prized possessions.
this is just one example of how social networks are helpful.
people also look up a lot of stuff that involves school.
for example, the hibiscus represents.
i feel very happy to see the fruits, plants, and flowers in my garden.
one of those freedoms is the freedom of speech.
there are some effects computers have on people that i agree with and disagree with.
computers are ruining lives.
because writers do this, makes a connection with the reader that they can understand and relate too.
not everyone will see the meaning but it is there.
dear local newspaper, i have been using my computer for a long time now.
that way, if there are complaints of the item, the library would not be blamed.
it can walk and run easily in the desert.
i could tell that the mood was like that because he would always talk about his parents and how they gave up so much to come here.
also, people use the computer more than they use exercise machines, bicycles, or scooters.
with the computers in use people become less fit and healthy.
this could also cause a problem because he cant renew his water source, which means he has to conserve it, and cant use as much energy.
you never know the people could be messed on in the head.
every now and then you come across a book that changes your life.
the author concludes with this paragraph, to give a sense at hope and growth.
some people find the books offensive while others not.
there should,however, be age limits on what some are allowed to get parent permission or .
in the following paragraphs i will explain on reasoning.
i disagree with this act, and i would like to tell you why i do.
my brother’s name is oliver.
now someone can come along and say: ' if the book is a fantasy?'.
finally most jobs today use computers.
we can learn about many cultures with it.
the mood could also be grateful because he was grateful for many things that his parents did for him such as pass down the love of culinary.
the first example of this is in they are riding on hills, it makes it much harder for them.
however, that is the way people in that time spoke.
censoring we all know that language is the foundation of human legacy.
he preached his doctrine to the people all over india.
all they have to do is hit a button.
although they can never replace blood relatives, friends are the next best thing.
the author creates a feel of happiness and gratefulness throughout the story.
it can be found nearly anywhere.
there were big swords, shields, daggers and other weapons with which the kings used to fight.
all the heat built up a desire for him to get water.
he pays for it later when on his bicycle, he is almost killed by heatstroke or dehydration.
there are puzzle games that challenge you, action that are fun and take rapid button pressing, and adventure that let you explore new lands.
first of all computer over ruling family and friends.
those are some of the many features that effect the cyclist.
if we throw away our history and our accomplishments, man is left nothing to improve on, nothing to leave his or her marking on history.
one reason to ban censorship in historical events is because it would create a loss of information.
for example, say one library have action but not thriller while another library has thriller but not action.
this also makes the cyclist believe that old men do not know what they are talking about.
but there are so many people who love to see technology advance, that they want movies to change.
he is very cooperative by nature.
people are spending too much time on computers.
do you spell encyclopedia?'
technology is advancing and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later.
with this on their it warns the parent so that if they do not want their child listening to it they can take it away.
out people who store their pictures in a computer agrees this is the best way to do .
well, you could go on the computer!
i have computers, but we have, books for a reason, no spank, pop ups, or no distractions while working.
using a computer can also help you stay organized.
computers also act as a research, tool.
the plant will go through a cold, and snowy winter but it will grow and blossom in the spring.
this shows that even though she failed it this time when the hibiscus gets bigger she will retake the test, it shows ???
here is where the fast and reliable internet comes in if you need to know the difference between and , use the search engine .
that is the law, and i believe this is a good thing.
but should libraries take them off the shelves because of this matter?
of kids are online communicating with others.
there are three main things that can get you in shape.
researching for a class and making a project.
the author concludes the story with this last paragraph because it shows by spring she will be ready to retake her test.
so when i get out of school and i had a very long day.
some people spend way too much time on the internet.
there are little kids that will want to look at anything they can get their hands on.
the on books in the world today, everything is showed every place you look.
for example, instead of a ton of papers you could simple just save it in your computer.
checking out a book from the library requires the same decision.
when someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to.
i know you the local newspaper, have a very hard job and decision to make.
my there reasons are to look up information, home work, and to talk to friends and family online.
these websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans.
i just fully believe open content is allowed at certain ages, depending on the content.
lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family.
computers in an life can help in the long run.
suppose, one is participating in a horse race.
you can even simply use it to help with homework essays.
the internet is useful in many ways and can help you with your every day life.
also have the choice to either pick up a type of book or not too.
the features of the setting had greatly impacted the cyclist.
if not by word of print, word of mouth will lead them to the same discoveries as they would have come to if reading it from a book.
the library should have a variety of books if not what if the point of a library.
this means you will have time for anything.
it has forty classrooms.
experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature.
typing takes to get good at but is very helpful.
dear officials at the , have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives?
for it would not be something that went well in our history.
it should be remembered that it is the responsibility to censor materials for their children.
as you can see, the authors tone in this memoir is calm, and sad.
some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate.
computers are a way to increase responsibility, too.
my final reason that computers are good for you is that they take boring waits.
there is no appropriate standard on what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be undetermined as to what makes a book offensive.
now lets talk about something.
sometimes it is appropriate for offensive language or topics to be written about.
they teach us life long lessons.
, of people in the world use computers one time in their lives.
i wet to the big kids side as i called it and tried to check the book out.
censorship in libraries is kind of a big deal in schools.
when the hibiscus is budding(being reborn), she will take the test.
take of for example.
this will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people.
so, why should other peoples' form of enjoyment be censored and taken away from them just because of one bad lemon?
but if you had the right to remove the book would you?
you can google anything you want from when the ended to when the collapsed in .
he grew worried when he saw that no near town was still in sight.
, you better get yourself a laptop before the next giant essay comes!
first off, computers give us the ability to talk with people all over the world.
computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise.
also in libraries there are a ton of music, movies, and magazines.
do you just leave it there, or take it away so no one can read it?
last feature that affected the cyclist was when the story says rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
but computers are spending to many times on their computers.
the cyclists determination went down as long as he was riding.
a local teenage boy, , says.
the features of the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist in the story, in many ways.
i do not believe that this should be done.
another obstacle during his trip are the hills.
with the maps on the computer, you can print it out and actually keep it.
not all people feel the same way.
computers benefit us by easy aces to info.
there is always someone that has a different opinion of things.
he remains busy the whole day.
censorship is even more understandable in elementary schools.
libraries have books that spark interest in a reader.
after a strenuous ride he started to get nervous and wonder if he was even going to survive.
even if the child does not check the book or magazine out, who is to stop that young, impressionable mind from flipping through the pages.
first off, on the computer you can talk to people.
the mood of the memoir is very appreciative and grateful.
children of the age to should be able to read books with any profanity.
one year i found out the my great grandmother died of cancer.
i think that if a book offends a certain group of people they should just simply not read it.
my first reason was at the information on the internet.
their are different kinds of people that like to read different kinds of things.
my elder brother is a forest officer.
the features of the setting affect how the cyclist feels and thinks.
since everyone is different, the sex related instances might not offend another group of people and they might see as perfectly fine to watch or .
all of these obstacles tying into another.
of students wait till last minute to do their reports, on average, they spend over four hours on the computer.
a safe and secure place to grow up in, in my opinion.
if we stop throwing waste into lakes, rivers, and seas they will be clean and beautiful forever.
my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company.
in his desperation he finally saw a sign for hope that gave him strength in order to continue on.
a computer is very addicting people stay up on it for hours.
then, at the same time, an women goes into the same library and gets a book on why women are better than men.
in the spring she will see the plant and remember her home which will help her not feel as homesick.
in conclusion computers take away some important things line exercise.
and that the end of your world comes when you make it so.
or go to a store that sells books and is a little more censored.
i would give my students the real education.
also, if you do not spend time with people it could lead to socializing problems.
so, the best thing you can do is read a couple of pages out of the book before you check it out.
then preach his doctrine to laymen.
communication is needed for many things to make our world better for generations to came.
cause what if someone else likes the book, they have the right to read that book .
she works harder since she knows without water, her life is in danger.
many kids, not mostly boys, to what i see at school are absolutely loving online gaming.
i think that children and other people should be able to read and listen to stuff without it offending others.
then there is the issue of offending people.
there are just way to many good books that would have to be gone forever
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness.
so the setting in which the main character was riding had a huge effect on him.
the person should just not read the book.
should be removed from the shelves.
this is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web.
censorship should be allowed to an extent.
this nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely helpful to those that they appeal to.
she left me with the maidservant.
while maybe an overweight reader could read the same magazine and feel like there not beautiful or self worthy as the women in the magazine.
most write books, create music, and produce movies to express themselves.
so in conclusion, computers are a source of health issues, action issues and mental issues.
this indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today.
another reason, kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades.
a cat is also known to be the best pet.
go outside and play with them, sit down and play games.
some people even use the computer for a job.
whatever the kid hears he will repeat.
are you offended when you read a book and your eyes cross over a swear word?
we can also get it from activities!
suddenly i heard a loud noise.
one reasons for this could be that a person spends all their time on their computer instead of spending time with their family and friends.
censoring something not only hurts the person who created it but hurts everyone else.
computers are also very good for learning about other cultures and traditions.
hobby is constructive.
this bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need.
families speak with each other through .
looking back on it, i am surprised i was allowed to check them out at the library.
someone should have to deal with wading through music like that.
these kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and in school.
the second sign led him to water which was the one thing that would make things better so it had a positive affect.
i have to use the computer.
dear newspaper, i think computers are great.
or have you ever used ?
what be offensive to you, not be offensive to the person sitting next to you.
a showed that seven out of ten people prefer video chat its faster and the two people can see each other.
if they are in an area of the library that other people think is inappropriate for them to read, go to a different area.
florence nightingale was born in florence, italy, while her english parents were spending a vacation there.
well behaved children all around the is what you can look forward to if you censor books and magazines all around the in libraries.
so once again, these negative materials should be abolished everywhere.
some people like to come in the library to relax and look at a magazine or listen to some music.
keep the books on the shelf for the people that are mature enough to watch, read, or play.
for example, the sun was beginning to heat down (pg ).
also, the few drops that he does get taste like battery acid.
this is the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
computers are electronic devices, all information stored as patterns of electrical pulses.
children need books to provide an escape, to expand their imaginations, and to help them in school and life.
i think the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph for these reasons.
and i think the author is trying to point out that everyone should have the strength to do the same.
first, kids might have problems online and to keep the problem to get worst.
welcome to the future.
kids can learn more but they spend too much time on line.
in from: home: the blueprints of our lives the author creates a warm and loving mood.
is content out that children should not see; however adults have the right to choose what they want to read and come in contact with.
there are books about every single subject in the world.
i have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents.
in my opinion, it depends on what they are saying or what they are showing.
i think this quote goes along with this topic very well, because the book not mean something to one person but it mean the word to someone else.
so this is a lot better than driving and paying gas for visiting.
more public places should start a system of them.
the mood of this memoir is warm and friendly.
books and other works should not be censored in libraries.
there are so many ways to get to those things with the technology we have today.
the pigeons in the net also left the net to be flown and carried by others.
that is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten.
it is a place one can go and learn about any subject he chooses.
if not properly exposed to something, there is absolutely no way to be prepared to encounter it in the future.
floods, however, have always brought out the best in men.
that also leads into people spending time with your friends and family.
a child on the computer is wasting time not being active.
the mood makes me think of the color yellow, and of the sun, happiness and warmth.
the cyclist is relieved by the water from the sink.
the downsides of the internet.
you can to peoples cellphones.
if the boat is rowed by more than one boatman, they should have a perfect and clear understanding.
his son is of my age.
i believe though that every customer in the library should have the ability to choose what they want to read.
my father wanted me to join a school.
the reader does not know if she will pass the test next time but assumes that she will because of the way she vows it.
only because they are not the only people on the planet.
but to and behold, my sister arrived with her boisterous and rowdy kids for a week.
by computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives.
almost everywhere you go and everything to see and hear has some type of wrong background to it.
something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
with that thought in mind, do we honestly think that censorship of libraries is a smart idea?
soon he was carried away in a car.
they think it is too explicit, but another not.
it teaches you bad thing it changes your life.
i think that some people are not getting enough exercise and i also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too.
everybody should be able to decide for themselves is right or wrong to; watch, read, or hear.
censorship in libraries differ in certain areas.
the cyclist mood seems to change as the road and setting does.
so the internet is giving you a great opportunity to learn more about or earth, other than your back yard.
today, computers allow us to communicate with one another, access the millions of websites on the internet and help with school work.
i feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this!
the mood is loving in many different ways.
these things are placed on either side of your screen to get money from you.
my opinion is my opinion but i will stand strong with what i have.
what be offensive to one parent not be to another.
there were many features of the setting that had affected the cyclist.
there is a lot of bad music.
computers can really be bad with our education.
states shows of the natural disasters computer classified them.
would you allow them to do so?
one could see why computers are bad, but they benefit a lot of people everyday.
a street hawker carries his things on his head.
he reacted to the features of this setting with humor and hope.
the heat and the hills and the lack of water had the greatest affect on the cyclist.
everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college.
information on anything is always on the internet.
nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
her name is kitty.she is big with white and brown.
they take out the books that have bad words or pictures in them.
within a desert, water is to be found nowhere.
this is a serious concern to our health.
i think they should all be blocked and out of children reach.
the feeling of her old home, in her new home will make her more positive and comfortable.
to me things would possibly change if we get all the naughty things out of book,magazines,music.
in my personal opinion no item should be removed from the library because many people have many interesting in many topics in the library.
in all of my years i have never once heard of someone being deeply offended by something at a library.
when he finally reaches a sign of civilization, the cyclist becomes himself again and decides that his knowledge is best.
we study in the same school and in the same class.
they watch inappropriate videos or pictures.
unfortunately, friend was , and he had a hard time not being offended by the assignment.
firstly, computers hinder interpersonal connections.
as time went on prince siddartha began to realize the suffering of human life.
so have i, my dislikes are many.
is this good or bad?
but there is so man things that you can do online and on computers.
for example, i would have a room for +, and a room for +.
that report was done when they were fixed.
computers help people communicate with other people.
heat makes it harder for most people to concentrate and causes people to heat overheated when exerting much force at once.
another reason why i think computers are good is they help you connect with friends.
there should just be a limitation on who can view it.
the second day of this festival is a special day.
mango trees bear fruits
dear of the , computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous forms of communication.
the right to read the books, magazines, and watch the movies you like should always be present.
libraries and schools are meant to be places that encourage free thinking, discovery, and learning.
the libraries should have labels on every section to let people know what type of material it is.
this is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic.
there is a variety of materials available to the public that be offensive to some, especially to their little children.
most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all sorts of entertainment.
the idea of removing these things from library shelves is pointless.
hopefully you can see how a computer can have positive effects on so many people.
as citizens, we have the right to free speech.
every person poses their own opinions on life.
she also buys the plant so that it motivates her to take the test she failed again in the spring when the flower is budding.
also he is grateful for how they always made him safe.
i strongly disagree, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport.
i think you would find more things about that person that you would in books.
for me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break.
the story quotes, i will take that test again.
this is how the setting features affected the cyclists.
you could find one quite easily if you tried.
also, some people who type super fast go to get test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words a minute.
in conclusion the author created in mood through this memoir that family has many different meanings.
is someone a trip to a country that they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
other books are not, some more than others.
we all have it we just need to start using it.
she shows determination, because she declares she will take that test again, and seems to have more confidence in herself.
almost everyone has some little issue with something in the world today, and because of that, original and unoffensive material are hard to come by.
also, what about the kids that like to read?
people, especially children, forget the risks of physical health.
not only can you talk with family, you can talk to friends.
also if you wanted to ask a friend what she is doing on .
censorship also ruins the quality of books, music, and movies.
with that being said, censorship is overrated, but some of the material at the library are underrated, and that needs to be handled and controlled
all beings and plants need water for living.
so then again, i do not believe that any person should have a right to just remove the books that are offensive to them at all.
even if that includes some of them being offensive.
the rain is useful for crops and trees.
he still never wants to see is father, but what he is doing is the same thing that his father also did.
first, libraries are a good source of information.
this fact is quite amazing, because these people could have been getting more things accomplished in this time.
i say, make life better and get rid of computers!
why should things that bother other people be removed when they are not hurting anything or anybody.
i will take that test again.
another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends.
addiction to computers lead to serious issues.
parents stress all the time about where their kids are, what they are doing, who they are with, and so on.
people can use the computer to much and they want exercise.
the opposite situation for books: we have them now, but when they are taken, we will want them even more.
his sweat was drying in the heat and there was no way for him to cool off in the lifeless desert: lifeless and dry.
reading books on philosophy, religion, anthropology, world history and literature is my last liking.
over in the book section there are and .
i still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material.
she went in the old cottage to find her father lying on the bed writing her.
they never helped any one, unless their palms were greased.
next not everyone online is who they say they are who make false accounts on like or .
a reason that it is love is because he loved everyone in his family.
the cyclist was greatly affected by the features of the setting.
what would that person do?
they were created for older more mature readers.
we cannot really do anything about this.
i think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one.
my parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers.
new styles they make more money they make.
so what else did they say?
she knew she should adjust herself in the new situation she was still too shaky to say the words at home.
the first mood created by the author in the memoir was powerful.
they can learn about far away places.
they were just writing a book.
the people that use computers have important jobs.
last but not least, computers are not only a fine tool for school, but are necessary to succeed with your education.
some say your not exercising or nothing so you get too fat, or too skinny and your not healthy at all.
also having this access to friends can help when one moves away.
in my hamlet i was an early riser.
if we were to censor what books were on the shelves in a library the eventually there will hardly any books for anybody.
all in all, he was very determined to work through the very unfortunate conditions he had working against him, and very lucky to survive it.
i say this because when you have an addiction to anything, it is hard to stop.
mood that the memoir sets is the mood of family and friends.
kids forget to do homework to.
so yes, certain materials should be taken away from the public eye, for the safety of the community and for its' children.
these books have violence and inappropriate behavior in them.
the heat will speed up the dehydration process so he will need more water to survive.
another example of an author influenced by his time and upbringing would be .
also, computers keep us connected with friends and family more easily.
he was also traveling through the deserts which create an even hotter climate.
you can look into going there for vacation or doing a report.
libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers' for their library are students.
when i go to a library i find some stuff that is offensive to me.
some books that are censored have great educational value.
in conclusion computers are great machines.
finally, you can understand the world around you.
there are just way too many people that get offended while reading the books they want to read.
people are spending less time with their health and exercising advance in technology.
dear local newspaper, i think your wrong!!.
as unique and intriguing as the computer might be, it is slowly destroying the mind.
like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you saw online that looks just as exciting.
or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read.
so she would wait until she felt at home and comfortable again to retake the test.
i tend to see books just explaining things and using offensive words just to show how things were and to set a tone of the book.
in the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them.
if not for the amazing of computers that me back, i would still do exercise, only to after about a week.
soon she will adjust fully to her new home, it just takes time.
on a computer, you can learn just about anything.
the content of what goes into a book is up to the author.
in this memoir, there are many moods created by the author.
some students copy in the examination.
so, she just looks up the definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary.
if kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it.
telling myself that if i could make it that far, id be fine.
perhaps he or she reads something that his or her parents did not intend on teaching them for some time.
in conclusion the mood for this memoir is happy and grateful.
or i get an answer to a question.
we have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer.
the computer can also help you talk to people from out of the state or country.
censorship is a big conflict in many libraries.
another example is computers can find information on famous people no one knew about.
while i was in middle school every day i would have a book with me to read.
well thus where same opinion i had about the computer.
people should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can.
now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside.
when they should be doing work around and inside the house.
your family and friends last longer than that.
if that happens smaller amounts of people will come.
revoking the rights to the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away an intellectual culture that is conveyed.
to be able to do so much with just a couple clicks; new that i find extravagant.
well, in my opinion i think that computers help out so much more than a book.
also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings.
nothing can make you feel bored while you have an interesting hobby to turn to.
i have known that i wanted to be a lawyer since i was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
our country has problems with being overweight.
i hope everyone has an eye out for these kind of things.
you could just open up your laptop and look it up on the internet.
her daughter was not adjusting to her new atmosphere and even though she had spent a lot of money on a single flower she understood.
most of these dogs are high in their pedigree.
he is fourteen years old.
it is sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place.
also, a user increased light bill, and wont spend time interacting.
all there features of the setting, in addition to the overpowering heat and sun, drive the narrator to the breaking point.
no books should be taken off the shelf.
emotions like sadness, hope, and wounder.
so for the student to have the book unlocked and checked they have an electronic key to unlock books for the age group they are in.
the charmer was a middle-aged man.
he is always saying how much he appreciates what his parents did by moving to to create a better life for him.
there are books that will explain it for you.
so, essentially, by censoring works in libraries we are holding back the future generations from all that they could be.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
i' not saying that books should be removed off the shelf, just maybe put up higher, and be watched over more carefully
this lack of water and scorching heat made him travel slow and wearily.
how the features of the setting affects the cyclist is the condition of the roads, rolling hill, and the??
you guessed it; computers.
imagine the impact if the had locked away every copy of the because it brought about change and controversy.
i am very much against censorship.
she will be more confident.
even if you were absent most papers i questions are on the internet so you could make end to the homework.
, electronics expert.
that would be like taking the out of history, and that just can not happen.
lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map.
that is why it was smart to end the story like they ended it.
then, the cyclist experiences hilly terrain that sucked the life from his body, especially because he had no water left.
i give her milk every day.
an orange tree grows big as the mango tree.
had they been on a different mountain, there would have been no snow storm and they would be fine.
dear newspaper, you think that computers have bad effect on people today?
if you do you will learn so many things.
you could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport.
the old men told him where to go on the map even though they had not been through that way in years.
so just as she vows to take the test again, shes promising herself she will fight through the hard times grow strong, just as her winter hibiscus.
lastly he had drank most of his water during the trip.
therefor, computers do have a positive effect on people you can stay communicated, updated with the latest news and have an advance education
in my experience, censorship is a good thing to have.
i know this because in paragraph it says that his houses were he learned the real definition of family.
she is saying when the hibiscus returns, she will be ready to take the test again and not fail it.
although, there were some parts of the book that had me confused.
finally, spending too much time on the computer decrease the amount of time spent with friends and family.
the author concludes the story that way because one theme is to overcome obstacles.
dear local i hear you are not sure if computers are good or not well they are and i have many reasons why but i will tell you is.
the libraries place books for kids in a certain section to make sure they find appropriate books for their age.
and many other reasons why should have for .
libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this.
using the computer, and internet.
it was because of the different things that were happening in this community, and more importantly the house.
since they want it more they will find away to do, watch, or listen to what ever it be.
this lowers the narrators hope of getting there quickly.
lastly, is a website where you can add friends from all around the world!
why i stated that is its unhealthy for many people.
do you use it every day?
the censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries.
you could also socialize with family and friends.
for instance, what is offensive in one book not be offensive to someone else who would benefit from reading it.
and it was times better and free and better.
so censorship is really in the eye of the beholder.
my first reason being socialization.
we know so much more about other places now than we did before computers.
a computer is one important in ma life if behind in some classes i could do some research and study at home and learn about it.
the setting is a great effect on how the cyclists act especially with no water.
the mood created by the author was very happy.
computers also of for the average.
if you can talk online then you can probably talk to people in real life?
this shows that he was energized and happy.
appraise the computer.
my views can vary when i am older and have children of my own someday.
there are many books, movies, magazines, etc.
has a preference for religious books that explain the theology behind some of the things the world says and things of his religion.
this is the mental if of technology taking over.
he is tall and healthy.
financial loss is something that many people are concerned about.
that and the lack of water.
all the things that show explicit material have some type of warning for it and if you choose to keep reading or listening it is your decision.
another way computers have a bad effect on students is because of the internet.
final reason is because the interact influences violence.
it also benefits society because in a couple years everything will be computers.
first, you can learn about places you want to go to.
online shopping having a positive affect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason but there is one last even greater one.
for example, when my dad got home.
everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they are into.
to block any part of this experience to block our full potential.
how can writing be offensive?
please take my ideas into consideration.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the times and the fall time.
but after she remembers her homeland through the flower she accepts it.
a survey done by the () showed that of between ages are overweight because of their computer use.
sometimes reading these works can be enjoyable, other times it can be rather disturbing.
also it is an ending that is open.
this faster finish can lead to kids not staying up too late.
i feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely.
i know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading.
lastly family and friends.
lastly, computers are beneficial because they help education.
also if a person finds that information, they were most likely looking for it.
so please stop using the computer all the time.
the speed limit was .
so the cyclist said he would stick to his trusty map.
now for the big question: should material some find offensive be removed from the shelves all together?
just saying the words drug or alcohol are not bad.
really bothers me, because when i was their age i had no idea what even was or meant.
example on you find what ever street you want.
items like that should be sold in a separate store.
or you can find out facts.
friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person.
also, when he passed the grape juice factory, it must have been torture to him since he was so thirsty.
lets just say someone asks you who was the president of the where would you go to find that answer?
this would keep down less confusion and more people would continue to attend the library because they know what a nice place it really is
the text says, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
others might find it inappropriate to have something like that available to the younger generation.
they have your bank account password too!
in the memoir, he talks about the house he grew up in and the love in his home.
libraries can help us in many different ways.
the store market is also run on computers.
it is a good source of entertainment.
that is the question.
this can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside.
we should try to inspire our young children to do whats right and not try to convince them to do anything in a negative way.
i understand the computers lots of fun.
i think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids.
people need to get out side and get more active.
now if books stores sell these books to underage children without parent consent, there can be charges pressed.
i love these because they are very amusing world.
i felt protected by her.
the summer heat was the biggest problem for the cyclist.
my always told me stays of the (and stupid) things he with his friend.
people can learn all of this wonderful and interesting information about things they of never known before.
so for now, i stand by the opinion that computers are great, and extremely useful to everyone.
communicating via computer is just another reason why the computer is so important.
if we need to know about slaves or slavery, we can go to our library.
i believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet.
in one leg and he hobbles when he walks.
every day they are on the computer.
plants she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood work.
computers also allow us to talk and communicate to people when there is no other way.
people are different like different things
students use it for studying and making projects look better.
they will get addicted to the computer.
when people need help they read a book or look it up.
i agree that there are both good and bad effects to computers as well as most things in the world we live in.
instead they just go pick a different read to enjoy for themselves.
but, you find that you are starting to click when you meet this person they be of a different rare.
those who do not agree with or want to read an item should simply stay away from that section and choose a different item which interests him.
, you will be healthier.
for example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends.
i ended up doing all their work.
no matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life.
writing out papers can be a hard, tedious task.
also he was upset that the old timers gave bad directions.
the books that are more explicit cold be put higher up such as on a top shelf.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
to me they are fun because when you are bored you can play games.
if you have a computer you will soon learn that your typing skills get very good.
people listen to music all the time.
the real question is what are we limiting?
overall, i think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them.
since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over years!
selfishness also leads to evil.
its also showing her ability to conquer obstacles.
a computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones.
which i can understand why someone would want to escape.
could tell that his parents love him very much and is grateful for that.
at least you getting up to get the phone.
another example is my mom, teacher, she has using the computer to email parents if the student need help or up.
even people in perfect condition.
first, besides books, we have magazines.
you never have that issue with computers.
all they worry about is winning the game.
computers are helpful in many ways, they can be an information post.
dear, play a big role in our world today.
it can provide you with directions,recipes, job offers, store locations show times for movies and much , much more.
will be the ones and all that important stuff.
there is hope that spring will come, flowers will come birds will come.
our social studies teacher says that of his projects involve something on the computer.
his parents sacrificed everything for him so he can have a better life.
while on the computer you could also learn new things.
i fear the out come of that.
the mood the author created in the memoir was happiness.
at this point, the cyclist believes his own death to be inevitable.
do you ever forget what your homework was or what time does something start and end?
i can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the book shelf.
lastly, you are able to talk to people from faraway, i think computers are a positive thing.
the cyclist should not have taken the old peoples advice for granted, but will now look onto peoples sense of directions.
as he pedal on the sun was beginning to beat down but i barely noticed it.
my father assured me that one day we will definitely fly to another city in one of those airplanes.
that is the question.
dear newspaper, computers are everywhere in our nation.
there is really no way to avoid offending someone without completely clearing the walls and shelves of a library.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is one of happiness, safety, and care.
they either do or do not know that they have offensive content in their library.
the author said that the sense of family had nothing to do with being a blood relative.
are offensive and are bad that they should be removed, the reason being is because of younger children.
there is noise everywhere.
however, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating.
we are just taking away something that is really big to us , and without those books there is no history for us to study.
another mood is relieve.
one word that we should study , children .
have you ever felt that books are offensive?
changing the offensive language in this book would totally ruin it.
its the parents chose to say its okay if they child should listen to or watch offensive music and movies
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he runs out of water because he is trying to traverse the terrain.
most people found at that it was not the person they thought they were.
fine something unless to read about.
i think that people need to step away from the computer desk, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals.
most students find reading to be boring.
this is a horrible thing to do to yourself.
certain websites let you access tons of knowledge.
here is my conclusion.
then, she will be ready to achieve her goal.
he performs his duty in the city street, railway platforms, inter-state bus stands and at other places.
dear newspaper of , the use of the computer is a controversial topic.
these people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well.
with spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy.
the author is proving that shell go back and shell be ready.
these machines have helped scientists to do experiments.
if something is in a book that a good majority of the population are against, i believe that the book, or books should be removed.
computers are always going to be used and never put to waste.
adults are affected just as much and just as easily.
everybody needs friends that are there for them, and computers are the perfect conclusion for that!
one reason is that it makes it easier to picture how the cyclist feels.
people have a choice of what they want to buy and rent.
he used to be a student.
', but only slightly.'
for example computers.
he was losing his strength.
while some think that some books have subjects too racy for readers, others not feel that this is not the case.
you have so many links you can go to and sites.
the authors main point is to thank their parents for everything they have done.
we need to leave every book on the shelves.
dear readers, i right to you today about the effects of computer usage.
people can also also contact other people.
clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination.
but if you going to go on to just go on to just talk to friend then that is a waste of time in somebody life.
then she will have successfully adapted.
this tells us everyone in the neighborhood is nice.
but, using a computer can solve that problem.
we see and hear them in everyday life, no matter where you be.
the hibiscus flower gives her confidence.
having an account like this is said to be addicting.
she is going to build up and change in time for the retake of the test its like a rebirth in a way.
some people can be happy with things ,while others disagree.
if people are to scared to talk about the bad things in life.
the author also uses that paragraph at the end to show a sense of release.
for example he feels dehydrated and tired because he is riding through the desert and has a lack of water.
dear , your at home and you are on the computer.
well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as .
the overall mood of this excerpt from the book home: the blueprints of our lives by is of love and gratitude.
in the memoir, the author creates a very peaceful mood.
there is no bad effect of computers.
this is another reason why i think computers are a good thing.
a hobby is a favorable activity one pursues in one’s spare time for pleasure and recreation.
i never could type but i caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn.
there should be a level of intensity in which the item is offensive.
second, you can make online job applications.
the author also talks about how grateful he is for his parents.
the school teacher, the monk and the native doctor in a
with all this new / quicker stuff you can talk to friend when ever you want.
whenever you open your magazine you find different topics, but they all deal with either sex, drugs, or violence.
she had a rough day, and the author wanted to make sure she had something to look as a goal.
i believe that if materials at a library are found offensive and proved to be offensive, then they should be removed.
and families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff.
attached as people are to computers, they cannot experience the world to the fullest.
every we go there is censorship.
for example: ' be over there by my clock hanging on the wall i want you to knock it off, so get away from it! '
now, lets bring this letter to an end.
the cyclist was given very old directions.
they are blot on humanity.
should books, music, etc; be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
dear local newspaper, !
many people say that computers are useful.
its always nice to smell the nice air after being in school all day.
writers compose for all sorts of people.
i believe that there should not be censorship in media.
this is another reasons why computers a good.
the features of the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit greatly impact the cyclist, in a negative way.
students use the computer for a lot of things.
but some children can take some of this stuff the wrong way when they are reading a mature type book.
they should not be removed from the shelves of the library.
in of people who use computer commit suicide.
bad influences can have a bad effect on children.
children are our future because when i am old they will be the ones who are caring for me, so for me censorship is big deal for me.
what is your opinion?
but even if they stop putting songs on the radio there is still internet out there and people can just get there songs from there.
in the long run of things the more people try to stop things from not being in this world the more people are going to try to get them.
even a rough draft they want me to type.
also if you are in the army and have a baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their.
instead on some chips while typing.
information and how individuals seek it has evolved and is still changing at a rapid pace.
they should feel safe letting their children look through all the books at the library.
riding bike is really hard work when having to ride in hundred degree weather.
the simplest solution though is to just leave the offensive item alone.
secondly, computers let you search the web.
the author ended the story with this paragraph because it shows change.
lets throw an other aspect here about money.
some books have more adult themes or references to certain subjects which most adults find inappropriate for readers of certain ages.
the book has been written, so is that not a sure sign it is not offensive to at least one person, that being the author?
i believe that is only helping the world on a day today basis.
the book is strong and shows readers a strong aspect in life.
clearly, the ability to contact is a great reason why computers need to be kept.
lastly, humans' health is being affected drastically by the use or computers.
another person enjoy that book and many others like it as well.
in my opinion i say no to this question.
i also think can be had for other to a and.
the song that you have had stuck in your head all day is now no longer online.
too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities.
are some good reasons why computers are good and help you.
dear , your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation?
the influences one encounters can be either positive or negative.
my last reason why computers are good to have around is.
censorship in libraries are not a good thing.
dear , i am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on a new meaning.
on my begging forgiveness, he let me go with just a word of advice.
libraries are a great resource for information all around the world.
there are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine.
he becomes delusional when he said that if he were lucky one of the stones would be lodged in his throat.
after school hours, i came home with sorrow and anger.
when someone helps us, we should always be thankful to that person.
imagine there was no computer for them to use.
i think you would horribly and you would want that person to go to jail.
he just had to keep going.
in this case i think that if it is in a public library they do need to watch what they put on the shelves.
if someone did want to see or check out these materials, they should need proof that they are eighteen or older.
your child finds a magazine.
less cyberspace bullying, and less burning of electricity.
the author of this memoir gave the memoir a peaceful mood.
after reading the book i always wondered why they called her she.
with so people absorbed with online drama, friends, and even video games, family interaction is declining.
typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person.
when your on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them.
everyone has different views, likes, interest, wants and needs.
all you do is look up something and you can find it.
another example is online arguing which can lead up to many problems like fighting when you get back to school.
everyone has their own style, everyone likes different things and has different opinions.
also to help your mother when she is planting or digging up plant,
some magazines have really offensive things in them, that people in the real world say.
they were all proud and happy with everyone coming together as a family.
songs always have a meaning or a subject the artist sings or raps about.
the fresh air in the park refreshes my mind and body.
it could also make him be more angry at the old men because they led him on this pointless journey.
lives of friends have been lost and friendships have been ruined.
why should this freedom not apply to books?
computers helps every one in all ages.
recognizes this but, also knows can never do enough to thank them.
from their you can end up with an empty bank account or even identity theft.
so libraries be aware of what you put on your shelves and be aware of the consequences.
poetry for example gives the reader a feeling of what the writer was feeling when it was produced.
they have fried their brain from using the computer to much.
another feature of the setting was the multitude of hills.
one mood in this memoir is courage, these two people show courage when they get here and they keep that courage for a very long time.
in my opinion, computers benefit society.
did you want to ban the book from the library you got it from?
one can also attach documents that consist.
they also help things go faster.
, do you want your to gain weight and stop doing well in school?
why cant it be in a library?
the long crippling hills are next in line the cyclist has to use all her energy to work up the hill.
the computer in my thought helps you learn about new technology stuff such as new games to help you learn or new websites.
by banning certain pieces, the world destroys an opportunity to expand the knowledge of every individual.
her words are a metaphor for the family starting their lives again in , that not be as pretty, but it will survive, which is what matters.
a instance of the environmental setting affecting the cyclist is i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
in the story there are many reasons to suspect shy she ended the story with that paragraph.
when and if this were to happen, people will not become educated with new available data.
they can confront the situation about three child.
then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move.
they are warping the minds of people all over, and in my opinion things should go back to the way they used to be.
the cyclist was dehydrated but kept going to his destination.
last, he thought he saw some mirages that tells me that the climate is extreme for the cyclists.
families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades.
and the way she talks to her mother.
the cyclist witnessed the intense features of the setting.
creativity is a large part of life, and without it, we would all be the same.
computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends.
the mood that this author creates is the gratefulness.
it is never the parents fault.
also when he came across the tumbleweeds and the large snake he tried to avoid them.
the setting affects the cyclist because he is faced with roadways he is unsure of the weather is hot and dry and there are wild animals.
i personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and have some violence in them.
this is so offensive.
there is nothing but nude women in there.
some houses are made of bricks.
any book could be offensive to any one person.
every-one likes to drink orange juice.
if books that offended people would have always been removed for reasons of offending other we could not have much of the knowledge we have today.
thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends.
these type of materials have some from inappropriate to disturbing events in the books, but have been distributed to the teen section.
these books are known as ' books.'
panic cant help to solve anything.
the of is undoubtedly loving
now just imagine how much money our society would gain after year!
this is great if you have family that lives far away, or your in a long distance relationship.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
its very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there not.
this hurts them in the long run.
computers, as you can see, have both good and bad effects.
first, i feel that books should not be removed from libraries because some people think that they are offensive.
you finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen.
but why should we remove books, magazines, movies, etc from shelves?
the last point i will make is that no information is bad information.
is sitting around all day your idea of a workout?
yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life.
the reason i think the author is proud is because he explains how he grew up throughout his whole life.
i remember when i was in grade and my father was across the world on a business trip.
this is what i think it could be easily prevent just put them up or removed and taken off shelves.
it seems as if failing the driving test made her feel like she was going to fail in the new country.
teenagers as well as adults need to communicate through computers.
it is a very watchful bird.
the mood that was created by the author in the memoir would be i believe love.
sometimes when parents try to pull their kids closer they actually push them away.
i think this because many people have different kinds of interests in many things they love doing.
lastly computers are good entertainment.
now if she makes a song that is offensive to me and as well as my friends, then that where i draw the line.
yet others find that those things make their writing more interesting.
if you find a book offensive it should be put off into a different section that tells you in head of time what books are in that section.
the right to remove a book off of a shelf is not good thing to do.
think about the ones that do.
also, it is the best time to study and play.
many people take this as a serious thing.
this also leads to higher crime rate, believe it or not.
i hope that this letter has proves to you computers effect on our society.
those are only my main reasons they are many more.
if someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
high schools require that we learn some foreign language, even if it is only the basics.
this would make it easier for the librarian to keep track of who looks at or checks out the materials.
they will learn to use there eyes, arms, and hands to there advantage.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
you can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country.
the heat in desert made the speaker thirsty causing him to drink all his water.
dear, local newspaper i read the article and i think that you guys are right because in the kids rather stay inside on the computer.
you can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school.
interacting with friends and family is important for everyone.
he told himself that it was no use.
my reasoning on that is not because of how it influence people in a bad way.
she was observing herself and how different she appeared as well.
during this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends.
what kind of influence is that on the children.
obesity is also a big issue.
if we make a to spend this than on computers i think we can reduce this obesity amount and i believe ran as on overall country.
what if your exercise happened to be hiking?
as you can tell, the difference in setting plays its crucial part on the cyclist and his precious water supply.
this gave me a sense of how in times of struggle, people will come together and help each other push through.
to censor, or not to censor?
the planet should be explored not surfed in the web.
the mood created in this article is a joyful mood.
so as you can see computers have good effect on our society.
you will have no worries then.
most importantly you can talk to friends!
the alarm clock wakes me up early in the morning.
we had a trainer with us.
instant message them, and video chat with them, instead on having to face out money to make long distance calls.
remembers how there was always someone at the dinner table, and usually someone staying with them until they could get back on their feet.
computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage to sit around instead of doing standard minutes a day of exercise.
everything on the market could probably offend at least a few people in some way, but welcome to the real world.
when you start to censor what information is available to certain people, they get angry, and it can cause an uproar of protest.
please listen to my reason why the computer effect people lives!
dear , i believe that people should be able to go on the computers and still be doing it.
some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves.
there was no sign of hope.
second, they help people communicate with people from other areas.
well this is the end of my essay
the features of the setting affect the cyclist on how the nature of life he was hydrated or not.
teachers can even post notes on school websites of homework, when projects are , ext.
corrupt censorship occur when censorship decides to remove or block; showing certain media or readable content all pertains to the creator.
libraries are made for all people, and everyone has there own taste.
it is an important thing to think about.
for example, they do taxes, paperwork, airline tickets, and the bank.
is a very risky path to let the young children in our society take.
many people had , or at home as they them.
rap is all about who am i going to sleep with next and how many times i can have sex.
besides there are more important issues at the moment.
and even better, you can buy a tax program for you computer, so you never have to leave your couch!
can we somehow get kids to not see them?
in this world you never know what someone might writing.
we can talk on the mobile phone at a distance of thousands of kilometers.
this is why i want to tell everyone about negative effects of the computer on people.
next reason is makes life better.
if i was a parent i would be concerned myself.
if there was not anymore books in the library, children would not be able to learn or grow.
many people think that books like these should not be available for anyone to read.
but technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
in addition, some books in the library are used for informational text.
well, i have done my part.
taking music, in my opinion, would be the worst because people get lost in some types of music.
everyone says family is the most important thing right?
personally, i believe that if you see something like that, that you believe is offensive, you should say something.
the cyclist then felt happy and relieved.
this all changed when my dad bought her a lime green, laptop for her birthday.
if a women walks in with her son or daughter and find a dirty nasty book about sex, drugs, guns and knifes.
she wants to go back and try again.
censorship in libraries is not as needed as most people think.
finally, there are many online games that are very useful.
dear local newspaper , i am against that computers benefit society in anyway.
many of our tribes live inside forests which have trees.
i fully agree with adults not letting children watch that new scary movie or that action book their brother is reading.
to me that sounds like because he knows he can always come home to his parents if he ever need help.
they fired questions after questions.
do you believe our generation or future generations should not get to experience and understand what the past generations have?
the mood in the memoir is love, family and happiness.
the says that they opened the door to any one who came in and they always shared dinner with family.
his parents are very friendly and welcoming and treat everyone like family.
of kids like to read.
thank you for your time.
the arguing will never end!
hanging out with your family can be thing you can do.
not only is the computer dad for your healthy.
maybe it could turn out in a good way but really what are the chances of that billion to a thousand.
did you know that in a recent poll in the , of use computers everyday?
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
why take away what they like in not what you like.
i think the description of the setting enhanced the readers perception of the cyclists journey.
dear local newspaper, i believe computers have a good effect on people.
this ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them.
computers can be time consuming.
anything you need you can find it on the computer.
the sun has a great influence on all living and
adults get offended to so would we take all of their resources away also including the newspaper.
when they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again.
through ideas such as this, you are not only taking knowledge, but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation.
if you do not like something said or seen in some of the materials, then do not read or watch or listen to any of them.
maybe authors feel the need to add interest in the book and suspense, but not all readers would take it easily.
also known, that nobody was going to help him played a large role in the mental state of the author.
the author is talking about his past, when he was younger.
either method is a great way of communication!
if something bad has happened you will know this and will be able to help them.
the problem with this is being lazy.
even though i disagree with his ideas, i do not think his work should have been rejected.
it is of home and family.
i suppose if you find a offensive book you could go to the teacher or someone and talk about it.
when i was in the eighth grade i went to for a church missions trip.
soon he is out of water and very tired and he believes he will die soon.
all of those books were written by an author with a clear point to make.
spending time with your family is something precious.
people who frequent the library often pick up a book, not knowing what it holds.
dear of the , , a majority of the population will use any type of computer at least once a day.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
i was recently assigned a project by my social studies teacher, where we got to choose my topic of community service and research it.
have you ever read ?
a young girl showed her shooting skills.
they can cause many problems in your life.
better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk.
some might meet some random people online and give them personal info.
yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, i am the first one to admit that but, it also hurts your heath.
talking online will even lower your telephone bills.
those people that are offended need to put whatever is down and move on.
also, the heat is killing him.
we use search engines for everything, everyday.
many places show and sell offensive material.
the are websites for kids, like games, there are teen games, there are adult games.
you know that you are on addict when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer.
if books are being taken of shelves based on a few people opinions then their rights are being infringed upon by the people who deemed it inappropriate.
fer example in , he talks about the sacrifices his parents made to give their children a better life.
you could use and keep everything you need to know in a nice and fashion.
he reaches his school in time.
also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time.
social networks like allow your to keep your friends posted on what you are doing.
to help us with tasks or for our personal use.
one incident of my childhood is indelibly printed in my mind.
of all the recreations that men indulge in, a morning walk is the most rewarding.
respectively, computers are resource for a millions of pages information.
if everyone would throw away books that were offensive, there would be no books left.
to start with, millions of people sign up for , , and other website like these to reconnect with people.
and it was not just those who were related to you but also those who cared for you.
i think it is important for material such as that to be left so it can looked on upon.
the parenting skills of some parents also reflect on if the children learn the words or not.
some people think that rap music is offensive and should be removed off the shelves.
in certain department stores, there be a movie that has a line in it that i take offensively.
after realizing that memories are whats important and seeing that flowers determination to survive a cold winter, she develops the determination to take the test again.
the first girl answered, ' sends the wrong message.'
also, the computer contains articles that insure our children to strive for their goals.
there are people who believe that everything should be left the way that it is written.
do you think that these golden ideas are bad for our society?
i personally think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
all of the time being spent on the computer is replacing the time for that stuff, and its not a good thing.
he had been drinking his water regularly and would be running out.
i came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier.
they can still be fit but if they go on the computer instead of working off all the.
i feel people should spend time exercising, going outdoors, and spending time with friends and family.
i encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers.
they also provide learning experiences with many resources at your finger tips.
also computers even broadcast national news.
first of all, computers help us stay in contact with the other countries around the world.
it also showed the importance of your loved ones and how you need them in your life.
this reminds me of last when i went to cousins house.
when he came to a snake in the rode, he had to get by his dehydrated state.
, my friend, found out her aunt diagnosed last year with cancer.
books, music, movies and magazines are all offensive in different ways.
what affected the cyclist most, i think was when he arrived at the bait store.
when changes happen with the hibiscus, changes happen in the story.
the school building was white was whitewashed.
computers make you become become smarter.
you can feel the warmth of the room with the adjectives he uses.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off of shelves if they are found offensive.
a is great way to bring your reading up.
by growing up like this he learned how to give a helping hand to those who were in need.
teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each.
they are utilizing their free speech by means of press.
for instance, i have a grandma that lives in .
first, the mood is very .
same goes if a friend or you move away, but want to stay in touch.
the heat and lack of water combine for deadly dehydration upon the cyclists.
so young children should not be exposed to these such things because it damages there mind at a young age.
well then last point is that all these helps us in a way if you really think about it.
dear local newspaper, some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society.
each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products.
computers could also be used for good things.
on the other hand, i got to sit home and watch them have fun.
then it comes up in about seconds with around links to websites to help you out.
you want my opinion on the effects computers have on people?
this is not due to the lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff.
you can even see pictures.
that is why when coming to a decision on how we should handle this, it is going to take much more thinking than a couple of days.
children should be protected from such material, and book banning provides this service.
technology has become so advanced, there are new cures for for different diseases.
the snake is also another setback that the cyclist was fortunately able to escape.
sure riding a bike might be easy, but being a cyclist is so much more difficult.
computers have become something that people depend on.
if you have a friend or relative that lives very far away, you can easily go at talk and have a video conference.
that meaning was that you cannot punish the innocent because they have done nothing wrong.
you can meet new people through online dating services.
music, at the library there is mostly music from like a centuries ago, but they were also great composers.
no one is being forced to read a book or magazine, watch a movie or listen to music.
first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life.
i believe that computers have bad effect on people.
what can be done about this problem?
that is not healthy for anyone.
he wears the school uniform when he is on duty.
once she realized that she needed to deal with change, she knew that she would need to try the driving test again.
the crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile.
as you can see, computers are very helpful for students, but are they good for teachers too?
computers are enjoyable, great pieces of technology.
do not take thing off the shelve just, because a couple of students can read or watch it.
she is going to overcome the problem.
although, this book contains a rape scene and numerous other inappropriate events that this woman was succumbed to throughout her life.
we helped him to come out of the car.
also,i recently learned and am getting pretty good.
the ways that i use my computer is by staying in contact with my friends, a family, and it also helps me with my school work.
one reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet.
your bank account number.
computers cause you to isolate yourself.
for example, i was going on a band trip with all the other band students, and on the way there we put on a movie.
on his new computer can do all his projects and homework on .
there is also caring and selflessness.
the author portrayed that they were grateful for their parents and they he or she knew they would never be able to repay them.
then the snow will melt and geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will return to take the test again.
the features of the getting definitely affected the cyclist in many ways
offensive books are not meant for kids or even some kids in the early teens.
in this essay i will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers.
would upset too many customers and the use of libraries would probably dwindle.
the policeman is an important public servant.
example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the so they communicate from the computer.
this can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
also keep out of kids reach.
and so local newspaper that is why i am writing you this letter today.
without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life.
you could bring them anywhere you would like.
no history will be know but what is passed down.
but on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended.
and they are great for people with jobs.
my first reason i mentioned before was it would give us intelligence.
he mentions the love that he had of cooking with his parents.
she loved the way it made her feel.
the materials in libraries are there to give everyone a chance to find something that interests them.
for example, say you have a report and you need facts on , and where he was born.
in the kitchen celebrations, childhood, friends and family formed the backdrop to their life.
is it surprising to you that almost everyone and anyplace that is famous is on the internet.
for this cyclist one of the biggest problems is the heat.
and they make writing a lot easier.
in the memoir, , from home: the blueprints of our lives, the author created a mood for .
finally, the large snake created an obstacle for him by blocking the majority of pavement in front of the cyclist.
i what that is like.
even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them.
you can also customize your computer to your liking.
it helps others get a clear picture of who and what they go through.
the road made traveling even harder to do and caused the cyclist to have a very rough time.
books fill our minds with noble thoughts.
they have the biggest voice of everybody put together.
because of the growing population of those who use computers, companies tend to make computer shoes, which usually attracts viewers by the thousands each day.
now you know why being on the computer far along time can be bad.
we have to nurse it well.
the features of the setting, in do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist.
talking online is just as fast as texting.
there are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free.
there are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject.
example, i went to to pick up a few items a party.
when he is recollecting memories from his childhood he shows how there was a lot of happiness in their home.
then what will our future generation be like.
no, because people likes different books, movies, music, and magazines.
finally when you go on your computer you can go online and talk with your family and friends.
someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far.
maturity comes with understanding.
like everything is going to be alright.
it brings us together when choose and pick which movie to rent.
and lastly, the last sentence of the last paragraph gave the sense of them took a house and turned it into a home would be comforting.
you hear jokes that are offensive but that is all that it is a joke and it is not to be taken seriously.
so the final question is, should certain materials be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
i also have to say that some people make a big deal about a subject like this.
the cyclist got information from an old guy that has not been off his porch for years.
they can help us with many things, above and beyond.
so to boost her confidence she decides to plant it.
i should be free to be able to walk into a library and grab any book i wish.
so should books in a library be censored?
it also allowed to see how full and good his was to.
when it comes to books in the library we should have sections.
i think that all libraries should carry the same content in them.
the sun was beginning to heat doing but i barely not ???.
as a teenager i am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself.
more and more technology is being invented, people use the computer to do work and to learn.
even if you just put them away would be better than taking them out of the library completely.
hope is what makes every obstacle to get over easier and everything to be bearable.
for example: to some people is very offensive.
in some cases, some media should be destroyed and hidden from public.
everyone that will read this will think differently about censorship in libraries.
i think she will be able deal with it better and take it again, it shows that she wont give up.
another big problem is the rough terrain.
simply, teach your kid what is wrong and right.
its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others.
many people have to read almost every day, people not realize it but they do.
there is then hardware that needs to be bought and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protection.
in this country we are given the rights to freedom of speech and press, so why can anyone demand that a book be banned?
they provide education for anyone who has access to the internet.
it would not be beneficial to them or society if they are sheltered their entire lives.
it says that she will keep on attempting to make an adjustment to her life till she accepts her new home.
they are very useful for teens in school for projects, but they benefit adults in many ways too.
a recent study shows that of people who play online poker are addicted within two weeks.
they were always having guests, and loved a lot of people and considered them family.
do you think that books, music, movies, magazines and other media material in libraries should be censored?
these are all the reasons why be should banned these things from our children.
could do lots of things.
dear local newspaper, i agree that people are spending more time on the computers and less time doing other important stuff.
even though everyone has different opinions on what should stay and what should go, i do believe that there should be some censoring up to a certain point.
there are o lot of people in the world after all.
censorship should definitely be in effect in places like public libraries where young children are bound to be.
i want my library to be what was made to be, a mixture of cultures and backgrounds.
come on did this change your mind yet now.
it can also destroy companies and our lives, can give limits and computers can used to exercise.
when the cyclist encounters a rough terrain with tumble weeds and snakes, he is both mentally and physically exhausted.
find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip.
you can regain a true life back with them.
computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health.
the bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal.
taking it off the shelves for kids is what i think is the right thing to do but not adults.
this is the kind of violence children read about all around the .
friend, , lives miles away from me.
a certain amount of time can be plugged in.
you just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home.
if you read more you will see why i support these details.
i am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people.
parents need to keep stuff like magazines, movies, pictures, books and stuff like that up away from kids.
everyone has their own opinion about what should or should not be placed in books.
they can cycle for along time; however, weather can affect the cyclist.
every piece of art is judged and then criticized.
many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely.
for example, books that would be found offensive to children should be kept away from where children can pick out things in a library.
other people know that they need to do something but keep putting it off.
like the geese are coming back she is positive that she can take the test again.
computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world.
the government will take notice and ban these books or worse remove all books forever just like what happened in .
the truth of this statement would not be hard to prove.
our labs are well equipped.
i have observed that most teenagers and even children that read offensive books end up having a behavior that most parents and teachers do not approve of.
i believe that spending too much time on the computer could be a bad thing.
they wont enjoy as much by stay on the internet.
the author creates many woods in this memoir.
in conclusion the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist because seeing nothing gives him no hope.
the hot sun was making the cyclist sweat.
sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it.
a few even stared at me insolently.
some people beg to differ and believe spending not less time on the computer can contribute to lack of physical activity.
if we have almost to no children or adults running around outside, our world is not flowing too well.
furthermore, instant messenger is the most addicting.
men, women, and children were hurrying home.
in the end the feature of the setting only made him more determined to reach water.
during projects a kid want know everything so a good way to get information is to goes on the computer and search what your looking .
the created by the is happy, was happy that got to live in and be raised in .
i know from personal experiences, that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully people.
by using the computer, people are not getting many benefits.
and here are just a few of them.
i remember this one time when i was watching channel news and a years kid fainted from playing a computer game for too long.
he is very good in studies.
they can cause an addiction, and create numerous distractions.
the books and things in a library help you with so much research.
although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down.
the next example is that when she find this flow she know she do it again.
on both a computer and the internet there are more than million things you can learn.
although it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe, books should not be banned.
this happens a lot to average people.
they never said what the books were but they kept talking about how they felt and what they would have liked to do with them.
truth is, there will always be people who disagree on subject, but that is just the way things are.
that is what parents are for, taking care of their children and some people do not do a very good job of that.
modern city life is just like a contest with so much of rush and stress.
i hope that this opens up many peoples eyes.
it be in favor of something or it not be.
in a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors.
the man is badly dehydrated, but in his determination he moves on.
in exercising while making on ???.
in my opinion, there are a certain number of books wasting away on the shelves of the library that need to be disposed of.
i love book,s and i hate to see them go away.
one way is interacting with different people all over the world.
the author ends the story this way for a few reasons.
people do not want to exercise if they have a computer to go on.
computers are the best way to research a topic.
sure and a lot of others love their computers.
tumbleweeds crossed my path ( ).
i think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons.
they love to pain of others.
see, they do have a positive effect.
so, just do everyone a favor and stop complaining.
the government has the right to control what we partake in, but does that seem fair?
the new advances in technology have had a positive effect on humans all over.
finally, my last reason why i think computers are not good for society is because you can get distracted by it a lot.
i think these websites are great and can only improve society.
it is time to go outside and have fun with your family.
when my friend went to for the i used instant messaging to talk to her.
this is illegal and absurd that young or even older people would be doing these actions.
so, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library.
yes, i do believe computers benefit the society.
in spite of being rich he is not arrogant.
without the internet.
therefore, it would only make sense for someone to stop reading a book if they find it offensive.
another reason is because the road turned into hills which made him use more energy.
this is not because we want it there, but because these things are a part of life.
finally, computers allow you to learn about other places.
the cyclist was very angry that the old men led him into this barren town, however he kept hope and traveled to the next town.
this made the cyclist feel like his journey was hopeless.
out of people sold in a survey that they have someone they talk to over the internet.
secondly, the computer is also good for researching topics for school and common interest.
this here shows how friendly both the families are together and they are happy to enjoy these meals.
and three it will keep us updated on sports we like to catch especially if your a sports fanatic.
i know that you can break free from it because i once experienced the same thing.
the only way to do this is to pick up a book from someone who has been lucky enough to experience it themselves.
loved him and they elected him as their president.
what i mean by that is that he is grateful for what he learned from is parents.
he was losing energy and was getting tired from riding up all the hills with little water left in him.
while your friends are having a party.
each day she walked to the library for a new story to dive in.
the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and sweet, thanks to the author.
some books that are intended would be better off staying in the library.
the mood he has set is love and kindness.
we overlook the fact they easy jobs like these still require coordination.
what impact does books that are for mature people have on kids?
if we are censored from these things how will we learn that they exist.
so many communicating things make computers even better.
you can also gain the ability to learn.
censorship should be evident in all sections of the library.
but i would have to disagree i think those books deserve to be read.
this affected him because he had to work harder and had less water to pick him up.
but a parent might get upset that their child is hearing, reading, or even seeing these things and might band it from the library.
, , even, and the list goes on.
with a computer you can organize it all.
that line right there is showing love.
lastly is very easy for people, even to search inappropriate things.
computers can be good in many ways but they can not be.
so the next time you see something that is offensive just put it back and move on
she wrote the book to explain that no matter what happens, there is always something that can help.
another problem is lack of exercise.
what kind of books can elevate our nature?
to acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be years of age.
the average bill per month is .
it is found almost everywhere.
every place uses computers they are a big thing.
is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets to making presentations and even to making fliers for special events.
aunt rosi gave it to me as a present.
even though it seems like everybody has a computer, not everybody does.
i checked the local news casting website for the weather forecast and thank god i did!
a production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them.
computers are useful in school.
the mood created by the author was warm, welcoming, and gratefulness.
students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals.
is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read.
he told them this is a free country i can do what ever i like and whites liked that he spoke up for his self.
so thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me.
the cyclist knows the dangers of the setting around him.
if you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results.
it also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well.
people can connect with others from all over the world.
keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer.
somethings you could learn about on the computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc.
do computers society?
for those reasons materials should not be removed.
thankfully that man and go online, pick the food that she and the quantity and she can get someone to deliver it.
people like to go there to read book, get on the computers, and do activities with their families.
when he arrives at the first town, he finds it deserted, this effects the cyclist because has eventually going to need more water.
farmers use many machines in agriculture.
without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now.
computers can also help you study for a new job and what the requirements are.
dear local newspaper, i think the effects of computers are good.
they have been dating for months.
he or she is not forced to buy, read, or watch what is offending them.
first was they can teach kids bad thing.
after receiving bad directions from a few old men having people passing by in cars or near by stores would probably help the cyclist for asking directions.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
he shows that in growing up in such a wonderful family and home that he felt that the experience he had in his home was just exceptional.
they think the they always talk about everything day, and other things.
on you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians.
it talks about how they will never forget the memories and how generous their parents where.
is playing that online game so important, to you that its worth your life?
we all have freedom to look at what we want and listen to the kind of music we feel like listening to.
take movies as another example.
after he came to the first town and there was no water, he rode on.
we should be grateful for friendships.
this can be related to anyone that has been lost in unfavorable conditions, and the feeling of helplessness and fear that goes along with it.
this debris and snake made him stop because he got scared and slowed him down.
each parent has different values and standards for their child.
this works for a lot of situations not just this one, so if you need to get away from the stress just ignore them.
her plant has to over come being small until it can bud in the spring.
he often invites his patrons and donors to visit the home.
as soon as he puts the pebbles in his mouth to stop thinking about death and being thirsty, he sees a bait shop which saves his life.
this means he will dehydrate quicker, and will need more water.
his parents had no knowledge of the language.
many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time.
water was a factor because he need cool water to keep him hydrated he came to a shed with pumps after running out of water.
if technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity.
they still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies.
today, it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities.
you can not blame others for what they feel needs to be heard or said to some.
in the essay rough road ahead the setting greatly affects the cyclists.
it can cause health problems and even problems in general.
also i believe that it is the parents' job to regulate what their children read.
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message.
the world wide web, unlimited socialization and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers.
just yesterday, i read in the newest issue of that a man married a character in his computer game.
could use it for related .
parents are possibly some of the biggest advocates of library censorship.
a policeman also controls crowds.
how will be able to fend for themselves?
even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world.
in conclusion, i have given you great, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society.
it is obvious here that lack of water is affecting his in a big way.
in the mean time censors should be put on these items or taken off the shelf.
so if not all the books are gone there is still going to be a few books to chose from.
the first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot.
using the computer can access quick information.
it helps everyone altogether not to worry about what wrong things their kids are doing, or how they snatched the wrong idea.
they teach hand eye coordination, give people to learn about faraway places and people can you actually believe some people say otherwise?
farmers became slaves became very rich and i kid even grad collage at age .
materials that the library has is for everyone to check out if they want to check anything out of the library.
after helping her find the , she ask, ' is this book so important to people?
he is thankful for his parents because they gave up their life for him.
everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not appropriate.
one of the moods, is love.
they are mammals who belong to the family of whales.
and that goes for about in .
or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, ?
my father and his father has all of their records in a safe.
the features affect the cyclist in a big way.
clearly, the terrain, which got increasingly difficult, negatively affected the cyclist.
through the internet, people can learn about places to travel bike and exercise while enjoying nature.
while these children are young they do not know what is bad for them.
i believe that the author left this as the last thing the reader will read, so it will be a message.
life is too short to sit around all day.
most rap songs you hear these days are either talking about violence, sex, or drugs.
so as you can tell computers affect health, socializing, and even mentality.
the library is a public place.
those books and things is not very bad they actually help.
so, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to easier.
computers are like people with fun to do and things to learn.
this is my second reason.
after reading about a loving pair of parents that gave everything they had just for their children makes you feel guilty and respectful of your own parents.
so gut just back off and let us read and play and do what in the hell we want to do.
removing books off of shelves in our public library?
anybody can download songs or documents illegally for free, rather than paying for it themselves.
there are so many different means of communication using the computer, which are all free.
school websites also give people benefits in our society.
some people have an arid fear of change.
the setting basically made the story.
you can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment.
the answer is simple, it makes us feel connected.
imagine a world where we had never heard of or .
this is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick.
the word definition of allegory is a story within a story.
there would be chaos and nobody would be able to live or even exist peacefully.
he was soon x-rayed and it was found that one of his ribs had cracked.
dear fellow citizens, think if you had to get a book for every question you had.
more and more people are using computers daily basis, but i do not agree that this is benefiting our society.
if made her hopeful .
so if they get in trouble outta class then why do would you teach it or even say it.
but i think as the story goes on she kind of realizes she can have both, her old and new life.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive affect on society.
you no if books have all the information you need for school project, or your own family history.
the person should have thought this through before jumping into the situation.
that is why computers are so helpful.
there are no bad reason that could top any of these.
another reason why students should not spend all their time on the computer is because of their health.
for example look at the .
one out of every teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face.
i know that when there is no one around i get scared.
computers will let you talk with your best buddy and save money.
computers have a really positive effect on jobs in our society, which is a good thing for our economy!
if someone is thinking about going to then they would probably go on the internet to learn about .
the mood the author created in the memoir is grateful.
being a teenager myself, i have seen what lengths some people will go to just so they can get this explicit material.
are kids just going to sit at the computer all day while your family is having fun?
the short story winter hibiscus end the way it does because the narrator realizes that with simply comes a new chance or opportunity to start over a rebirth.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
the one you love good past u way and you did not even spend time with he or she.
authors write or type every word for a reason, whether happy or sad or vulgar.
you can get research about the earth and what happens to it.
the media that adults find offensive should not be published and out in the open for children to see and listen to.
the article was obviously biased and did not have any teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad.
also the maintenance of the computer will take away time for exercising.
these computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge.
he talks about how everyone was an immigrant and faced segregation, but were always willing to lend a helping hand.
in hibiscus by , the author choose the last paragraph because it matched the tone, the hope and the representation of the essay.
so now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me.
not many pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends in the internet, why not meet them at the park?
there are going to be things happening that are going to make people feel a little offensive.
social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer.
items in the library are items that you can choose to check out or choose to not check out.
he had great memories of the kitchen smelling good.
a recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer.
public libraries are, even with the widespread usage of the internet, important places for us, as residents of a city, to socialize and learn.
also, i hang out with my friends every chance i get.
without computer technology we would function much differently.
you also have friends page to see how you are doing.
everyone likes to watch movies, jam to some music, and get lost in an interesting book.
but instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it.
sales people need their computer to store data, like on .
you not only read at home but at school as well.
although there are people who think computers are good for you, others could say different.
computers are no help to this problem.
we need to do something now!
computers can help you with as well.
my point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy.
he made me feel like i was invited to his home with open arms and i could feel the environment around me.
event though they are almost adults.
' should be taken off the ' should be taken off the shelves?
in addition to my first reason, computers help long lost friends.
instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family.
is personal expression really that bad?
during this time, computers are becoming more and more popular.
computers have a negative effect on most people.
in the world today there are always a good and a bad song that is the same.
the second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online.
last winter, our family went to simla, a famous hill station.
you can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer.
the views i used to have would be gone.
were my brother eats all the junk food which helped lead to obesity.
the essay takes place in the early summer.
this makes the teachers job much easier because it averages all of the grades.
computer usage will keep you in the !
what is offensive to one person, another person might enjoy watching, listening to, or reading.
the last reason i believe have a positive affect on people is because it replace.
let me just say this is a lot better than having to write with a pencil.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on other people.
such items can include music, books, and movies, but i am just going to give you some of my thoughts on the issue.
materials at libraries are not for everyone.
people will almost always get offended about what they are watching or listening to no matter what it is, so why is censorship such a big deal?
the memory still haunts me.
and are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures.
another reason is that shes trying to tell us that there is a future for the hibiscus.
computers teach us about interesting things like faraway places and people.
taking away the things we have rights to, taking away our freedom and free will.
since we are all different.
in opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us.
i think they are very great to have.
you would just sit there looking at the computer all day.
the answer is the customers at the library.
in fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them.
this winter hibiscus.
keep playing the some music.
my uncle, , lives in .
firstly, they help people find information.
helping the user get the most satisfaction.
why should you be offended?
this style of communication has ever a new type of bullying.
by having the hibiscus plant with her, it gave her memories of her old life and strength to continue with her new one.
as said by people from the state .
here are three reasons why, .
i remember when i had a cut on my arm that looked weird, my mom was to heal a wound.
if people brought books off the shelves then what will the other people read.
i believe magazines are worse than any book.
almost all the people get leisure time but they do not know how to utilize it.
the unrated version or the censored version.
almost every office has computers for many different reasons.
everyone has their on thoughts on things.
it is truly impossible to make every single person happy with everything in the world.
the author concludes her story with this statement for many reasons.
one way is the heat caused him to drink more then her ran out of water.
as he begins to see how hope.
some like offensive things that they have in the library.
if the books are censored then i would have no sources to get information from.
soon the fire engine came.
technology is a part of life today, & will continue increasing with the years.
all of these books are educational, though some are harsh, and they should be used to show what is right and wrong.
the author is just showing that the girl is going to try again next time.
to the vast emptiness of the area in which he was traveling he could not stop somewhere to ask for help or to take a rest.
of those kids are too involved in their compute games.
that is why is easier to send messages to your boss.
people are not getting enough exercise, .
in my family i am not allowed to listen to offensive music.
the author set a mood for this memoir.
it seemed as though he never left.
also, many people learn how to manage their time on the computer.
now you can probably see why i think we need computer and how it can sometime benefit our society.
in the end, the problem will be solved.
last but not least he is happy because he lives with everyone he loves.
flying high, i can enjoy the fresh breeze and watch the beautiful sunset from the top.
they should be in the other room to where you have to have like a id to get in.
there are health problems created by computers, but they also teach the next generation that things come very easily.
basically, the author did a full circle, by ending the story in this way.
some books that are offensive show how people that do bad thing have to pay the cost and people can learn from other people mistakes.
i tend to not read very many books about the world.
no matter who you are, you probably have some favorite band, music artist, or genre of music that you prefer.
they might not even test it anyways.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you because computers are affecting humans in many ways.
no matter how hard the task is, we should keep trying until we succeed.
you want to be at home on a computer all day or you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends?
there are already all these other banned books out there why ban any more.
we need to change this habit.
at first, when the cyclist set off in the morning, the conditions were great.
you can do something with them online.
this will make peoples eyes so bad that they would not see good at all.
we talk on webcam and chat.
a world without books.
the mood created by the author is a happy and grateful one.
every sentence, he thanks a specific person for bringing such greatness to his life.
dehydration took its toll, and he felt hallucinations.
a researcher showed that computers you can chat , i think computers has affects on all!
maturity comes with understanding.
it shows that she is not going to be depressed by the change in her life anymore.
the ones that you love to watch, listen to, or read a million times over.
one example from the book would be when they kill some of the children.
and what they want to do is of the time schoolwork.
previously i stated how people spend time with loved ones, well people need to spend more time doing activities as well.
things will be much simpler in the long run.
i believe are exceptional writers and promising producers and artists.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
now do i think the the novel should be banned from a library?
the library should only take off the items that regular visitors to the library ask for.
the foods that we choose are a lot like the books we read, there are kinds we favor and others that we would just try to avoid.
think of this, of kids.
after he hits rolling hills and a sign warning of rough road and not exceeding the speed limit.
if they took books like that away, what would the people that like them do?
it is there fault because parents let their child check the items out.
in conclusion, i believe that materials should not be removed from libraries for being to offensive
i love family but i interact with them.
only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends.
this caused a problem where the cyclist thought that he would die in the desert because of the weather, directions he was given, and lack of water.
first, when he got to the road sign that said rough road ahead he was already low on water, but that made things much worse.
the author concludes the story with his paragraph to show how people can regain their determination.
these types of movies are offered in libraries nationwide and are easily accessible to children.
although, people who do want to see that should also have the choice to have that somewhere where they will come across it.
so newspaper i hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great.
!, that is not the case here .
primarily, i would like to say that computer are a fantastic source of information.
it takes more than what some people are doing and saying to reflect on what your reading and how your reading it.
computers can really be dangerous to you health!
that is how the author used features of the setting to add to the struggle of the cyclist.
the land with no features also creates a feeling of lost hope in the rider making his entire ordeal that much harder.
setting a book on a shelf with offensive language does not cause harm to anyone.
you can get pictures and information of the thing you are looking up.
it even be happening in your own home and there is nothing that can be done to stop it.
they are sold in computer stores and some are already installed into the computer.
it causes the world to change very fast.
they help with school work, like projects or email.
if someone does not like a book and it becomes banned from a library, then everyone will want to have a book that they do not like banned.
the second most important mood was loving.
this is ten times easier that going on the and waiting for the news stone you want details on.
computers and technology ruin your time with your family.
it was a sunday evening.
lastly, i think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a to relax.
after lunch, i take a nap and then finish my homework.
one’s profession cannot be considered as his/her leisure time activity.
for example flat roads was replaced by short, rolling hills.
finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other.
the last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games.
another mood that was created was calm.
then when he found the fish camp, he was overjoyed with relief.
the author concludes this story this way to go over again the important things in the story.
they do have a profile which you be able to relate to, but they could be lying.
there are websites that can help you find information.
first, heat because the heat is making him thirsty for water he is running row on.
letting small children see this makes them think that they have to dress and act a certain way.
i will give you some advise.
the computer made for storing information and learning.
they you might be out of luck for what you are looking for.
libraries are used by many people, people go there to research, study, and even just to find an interesting book to read.
he also mentions that the sight was troubling which shows how big of an affect the features around him or scenery can have.
so i believe and i feel that she must be the most beautiful woman in the world.
the author takes paragraphs and to fully explain his gratitude to his parents.
i read that book when i was .
kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled to computers.
computers can send out information and they are risky.
dear , i heard that you wanted some opinions on whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
these online games are good ways to sire you the opportunity to do something you wont normally do.
last but not least it the main thing kids get in trouble for in schools.
there is no doubt that electronics, play a huge role in this event.
with all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world.
some of these important things are: online catalogs, the news and another one the most important things of all job openings.
a third mood in the memoir is love.
profanity also can change a person behavior, by the way people talk and act.
if they are found offensive to the public.
every where you go, you will see people with laptops or other portable computer devices.
taking away movies and books, is to not allow people to learn from their past.
now a days, people literally worship the computer like it is a .
for you it might seem the greatest movie ever, or the most terrible movie in the universe.
i have seen a countless number of movies and listen to a countless number of songs that were offensive.
there are pros and cons to computers but manly cons.
did you know is a program were you can look at your grades and missing assignments?
i feel that people have different perspectives on what they find appropriate.
take a book that refers to slavery and what they use to call black back then.
she would spend days on end on the computer.
it also explains how crafted his parents were and how intelligent they were.
first off, the business software on new computers are out of this world.
my first reason why we should keep computers is because it help on school homework or projects.
people think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public.
i just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it.
rather a old movie or a new release.
the main issues that most people have with books are foul language, sex, and difference in opinion.
the author concludes the story like this because she is not ready to move on with her life.
after getting his hopes up, he is forced to get back on his bike and carry on.
the world cannot afford to censor.
the snow melting will tell her that it is now spring.
saves money and time!
he gets angry when ( years old) bothers him because he wants to play.
you can find the book you want or need easy as one, two, three.
not just about family and friends, but the world too.
my first reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it gives you the ability to talk to other people online.
even though, i love my computer, i know that computers can have a bad effect on people.
because of the individuality of people and different beliefs and customs we are all going to appreciate and depreciate all different kinds of literature.
people need to enjoy their life!
out of poll takers agree that finding on the computer is quite easy.
they found two boxes in the adjacent park.
i want my kids to be able to have the same options that i had growing up plus all the new books coming out.
that mood is happy and friendly.
in conclusion, in some of my observations and reading some people get offended quite often for being a different race, gender, or religion.
some of them in smaller towns, others in the hart of a larger city.
the question is does computers have a positive effect on society?
he carries the letters in his bag.
the odds are extremely unlikely.
clearly in his memoir portrays a happy mood.
it was a lovely experience.
the geese will return and the hibiscus will bud to show spring is here with new life.
i was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful.
you must learn to deal with .
computers are also a part of my everyday life, because i have to use it to do research for school or typing up an paper.
i say get read of it all and do everyone a favor
i hope i have shown you as an independent person my statement was true.
computers are good and bad at the same time.
the television is an improvement on the radio.
when the snows melt and the geese return she is saying that after winter (when the snows melts) and when the geese return(in spring).
they have to depend upon themselves.
therefore, i believe that trying to stop people from this is a fruitless action.
also people in business and industry have phones with internet built in because they can just look something up at anytime.
from young students to adults, computers have become a favorite machine modern day technology.
you can talk whenever, wherever, with the great invention of computers.
one of those moods is a happy and good .
well those are my suggestions to you.
i also give them gifts that i buy with my pocket money.
and even in construction business.
the world would be empty because there is always something that a person sees as offensive.
no computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often.
what makes you think you should get any special treatment?'
when i see that, i think, ' if a child saw this?'
once he finds them, they are either ghost towns or are not useful at all.
about a hundred students died from playing the deadly game.
computers have little to no effect on people.
that is how it relates back to the story.
should the foul things in life be ignored?
in conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person.
the overall mood of the story was happy because it explained their happiness, struggle, courage, good outcome, and beloved memories.
dear , i believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way.
together the plant the hibiscus.
computers are also very useful for learning and organizational purposes.
computers made communication easy for anyone.
waist of there spare time on their computer.
on a computer all you have to do is type.
he described this with sentences like rattled around the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
the music you listen to has a huge impact on your life.
books, videos, art, does not harm people.
he probably feels very moved and passionate on the subject and wants to convey that to the readers in a subtle way.
made me fell lonely, , , says , by the use of computers you are doing yourself a favor.
without them, would make a difference.
limiting or censoring the mass media we have in our libraries would nearly empty them.
also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life.
many materials found in a library even if it is offensive can be helpful for someone else.
the computer can help you with all of this but is bad for you too?
i believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today.
being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand.
such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch.
if we remove books that be offensive to one, we are taking away that opportunity for others.
you could look it up and find out what the park has to offer.
that says , or all , these are found in a lot of magazines like and sometimes .
do you man out of people have .
i hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live.
simply follow the rating rules.
overall, this memoir had a very positive and happy mood.
the horse came and ran in a circle.
the last mood created by the author was appreciative.
i hope you read this with my regards.
inappropriate media is surrounding us daily, including children.
i use aim to talk to all my friends, i use to face with.
do you believe that censorship in libraries is a good idea?
one of which had been when i was out camping, and suddenly, as in the essay, the setting changed, and a storm came.
, computers are very helpful devices.
the hibiscus seems out of place and is determined to survive when the snow melts.
and even help you with your job.
there is no way to make sure nobody is offended unless you have nothing to offend anybody at all.
and you end up being successful.
the mood created by the author was grateful and happy.
are you a kid who spends to hours at a time on the computer?
people think that computers are only used for games, but in reality, they teach us things about the world.
dear local newspaper: you know that over half our nation own home computers?
the hills also affected the cyclist by making him tired.
one of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on.
but in the end he found some water and the story ended fine.
in conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax.
computers are great ways to find information with google and other programs like it the whole world is at your fingertips.
with the comfort of nature, she feels she can pass the test next year.
you are just one step closer to death.
actually out of every tourist research the area there going to on a computer.
dear local newspaper, i hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today.
besides practically unlimited information, you can stay in touch with your family using .
i hope i have convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time.
people take umbrage to certain words and consequently some libraries will remove the book featuring said words from their shelves.
you can view many types of animals and study them.
to censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world.
the sections that they find harmful information should be closed to young children.
these are just some of the things you can do with computer.
one of the books we had to find was the .
the sea is full of many forms of life, minerals, and salts.
if anything we need to start censoring what we broadcast on television and also what we post on the and leave our libraries alone.
that is third reason why i think computers are good for people.
a large amount of teenagers of all ages like to use a programs on computers called .
this quote also shows a loving mood as well.
or perhaps the parents do not care about what their children have access to.
i clicked many pictures there.
computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people and if you think they take away exercise, they do not, they can actually help exercise!
books are incapable of judgment.
when i overheard a little of their conversation i could the words he had trouble saying and he did not have a good vocabulary.
you can use this to talk to friends and many on line.
if you do not cuss and say you go watch ' ' you are going to find it offensive because every other word they say is a cuss word.
computers help people stay organized.
if it was not for libraries, the people in society would not be as smart as they are
computers are a magnificent part society.
everyone will just keep protecting these companies to get what they want to satisfy the craving for more computers.
so i believe instead of wasting time on the computer we should go and interact with family and friends.
it is the best thing to research with.
can be offensive to others.
also, i am going to explain how i felt and what i wanted to do when i seen those things in a library that was offensive to me.
i reached jaipur one hour late.
firstly, a mood that the author sets is warmth.
of teens are shopping by brand names, like: , , , .
to begin, computers are a great source of communication.
also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student.
even though you are ill you will still be getting paid because you are still working.
multiple servers proud .
i believe that computers benefit society.
the of , the document that our country lives by, says that we as people have the right of free speech.
now, when family or friends.
maybe other people like that kind of music or etc.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this essay.
secondly, if children have a computer at home their parents should be limiting the time and what exactly they could do on the computer.
one time i went into the library and i picked out a book about a haunted house.
but at the same time, they fight for the right to raise their child the way they want to.
i have a little cousin who is over weight and should be out playing sports and exercising.
therefore they use the language and words of the time period they write about.
some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house.
worked as a post master and a storekeeper.
maybe someone with the next big idea for the future.
libraries are created to allow an open access to information for anyone.
for example if i wanted to i could talk to someone and the and clean my room.
everybody in the community acted like they were like they were blood related but in reality nobody was.
so in my opinion the library should be a good use to everyone, and leave the books, magazines, etc.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
artificial respiration was also given.
this is a powerful sentence that demonstrates themes in the story.
to me, in my eyes is just not right.
for example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online.
many families have accounts on photo sharing sites.
things get under people skin to easy.
let people make there own decisions.
when you just want to see someone i'l costs you money to get on a phone .
you can find articles on anything happening right at that moment or a couple days before.
i know people spend to much time in computers but to other people its not.
most people do not realize what sort of trouble they will start with censorship.
but soon things change, he experiences new terrain and it becomes much harder.
he got his shoes on and he ran to the door, he was so excited.
would you want to spend you money on some thing that did network?
at some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country.
or playing video games all day.
it seems today we attempt to censor everything, but are we going too far?
nothing with a negative affect on a person should be viewed by an innocent child.
how many of you out there absolutely love to read?
with your address they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get your houses blueprints.
on the other hand, if someone kicks you of the computer you can always get that six pack you wanted.
at times people do not close the taps open.
hardly anyone will read them anyway.
sites like , and can can help you find friends by connecting you in a chat room to a random person, just to talk.
people who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant.
then they can talk in time.
and are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states.
in libraries there are a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
kids also get a ton of homework and computers are very important for it.
for my conclusion all these reasons are true and computers are the greatest sources on the planet, everyone do you want education or not?
without the books and the videos the future will never know what happened.
you can learn about the culture of , the food they eat in , or even the way people dress in .
as we all know, there are things like books, picture, and movies that we do not want our younger generation to see.
censorship effects everyone, from a small child to a grown adult.
imagine a world where nearly every other book is banned for some reason or another.
earlier in the story she had been crying and missing her homeland the tone was troubled and sad.
it says working the handle of the rusted water pump with all my strength.
you log on to your many accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends & start researching for your project.
the world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them.
another survey done by the magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one.
without it they will have sloppy handwriting, absolutely no chance at sports, and much more.
however, this book is seen as one of the centuries greatest works and cannot be removed from the education of young people because of an offensive term.
the mood of this piece is graciousness and happiness.
our media is very powerful and should not be censored.
dear newspaper , people in our community use computers for positive ideas.
i believe that if someone wanted to know more information about something the library or the should be able to provide it for them.
this way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the .
text books are there to nurture value among the young minds.
did you know most everyone who his a house their chances of having a computer is just as lucky as having a telephone.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
on his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine.
can when you would rather waste the computer other than outside and at least self.
libraries are meant to have different types of material because everyone has a different taste.
he helps me in my studies.
when he reached the ghost town and was out of water he was upset and frustrated.
also computers can effect your everyday life by ruining your social life.
have you ever had a computer?
lastly, the computers much more efficient is looking yet things.
he passes abandoned towns and creeps into the desert flat land.
his parents doors were always open to everyone.
if you understand experts can agree and kids could be healthier and still communicate.
if a child sees a magazine containing pornography, the child will think that this material is acceptable.
because libraries are places were you go to have a quiet time to read and not to get offended.
what do you want your child being exposed to?
i hope that everything i have fare travel can serve a purpose to someone who has not been able to find way benefits to technological advances.
or, you can just have simple talk and are great websites to keep in touch with old friends of you, even make new friends.
northern states lead by lincoln won the war, and he abolished slavery.
during his time at , he discovers that he is a homosexual.
picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them.
computers can expand on many peoples opportunities for education.
there are many ways we can arrange the library by sections so that certain books or topics are in one area, and others are in another area.
how is a young girl from a small town in supposed to find out how people in live their life?
one day as i was in the state library looking on the shelves for a book on and its people.
quite often by the time their turn come it is time for closing.
in addition, from using computers for jobs, some people like to chat online with a friend that move away.
they help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
one important thing that i have that means so much to me & my is the that my gave to us right before he passed away.
a visit to a zoo is an interesting experience.
why banned some materials from everyone?
people must adapt to technology, or we will fall behind and watch our slip away.
and the best part having family near by.
every year, more and more books of significance to literature are being taken off of the shelves in our local libraries and classrooms.
i support advances in technology.
you can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away.
libraries could collect viewer comments, allowing people who had checked out an item to write what they thought about it.
computers give us a means of communication such as , , , and so much more.
have some fan in the sun today.
when a mango fruits is ripe it gives a sweet smell and the juice
most libraries are organized and the book sections are clearly stated.
computers are a good source to have, now that is just my opinion.
the author(s) express what they feel on a given topic.
this idea of her determination to succeed can be connected to the plant she brings home.
a specific place of censorship is with books and magazines at libraries.
people who stay on computers day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love.
seeing her hibiscus bud in the spring will giver herself and newfound integrity to go try that driving test again.
if movies, books, magazines, and music continue to be left uncensored, the world will become a giant brouhaha.
why wait any longer?
i think another mood of the author is definitely love.
a car was coming at a very high speed.
