for projects, such as for school, it would depend upon the librarian to censor the book to a child.
the road that author was ridding, it was rough.
and those kids will learn about it and be curious to what that drug has a effect on you.
what is the difference?
might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him.
another reason is that his friends and family is all he got.
do not get me wrong.
thank you for your time, and i hope you take what i have said into consideration.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in, do not exceed posted speed limit.
in the memoir written by the mood is happiness.
some books and magazines might just have the intent to explain a type a culture and raise awareness about the subject.
most of the books, magazines, and movies are all reachable by little children.
the temperature was very high and the cyclist did not have much water left.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
you can not go on camping trip.
movies are not a huge issue but they can be at times.
a computer also helps a students interact with friends.
numerous of these articles are about real life and what is going on today.
oh i remember when my history teacher told me that it took hours to make a baseball bat by a human from scratch.
but because it is a series, should it be removed from shelves?
computers allow you to interact with people far away.
many people struggle with the fact that there are items in the library that are offensive to religion, have offensive language in them, or contain adult materials.
i want to read something that is going to grab my attention, and make me want to keep reading.
they also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens the streets and in their homes.
but today, literature has gone down a new course.
the setting affects the cyclist mood in the story the cyclist takes a short cut with many abandon towns, and buildings as well as a bumpy, terrain.
and all the trouble it puts people through.
computers help tech you things entertain you.
after his survival of his surroundings for as long as he could go, gets help at a real camp.
we are a middle class family and my home also belongs to the family background.
so here i am going to inform you about the good reasons why computers should stay in our society.
in every school or library many people see books that are inappropriate for their taste.
well the computer is a great source for learning about these places.
my school library is housed in a big room.
people have different views, believes and religions, and, books on these might be offensive to some but, the life style of another.
i feel that the offensiveness in books, music, movies, and magazines are all based on personal opinions and that they should never be removed from libraries.
or have you ever wondered or said to your self any of these statements?
it can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator.
now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up.
it deals with the science of information processing, invoicing, recording, manipulating, and retrieving information.
lastly, computer make things easier and have images on .
he is the only son of our family.
the only way is to close our libraries and shut down the internet.
the solution is for the child to look at magazines, , or magazines.
i feel movies should not be removed from the shelves.
also, he shows how members of the community treat each other as family regardless of race or ethnicity.
some college students have to look up their assignments and how to do them on their professors web page.
in the book , censorship is the main idea in this book.
these benefits have positive effects on people throughout the world and are why i support the advances in technology.
i think the author wanted to show how she gained respect for herself in the end of the passage.
so now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?
try to find ways to get stricter laws on censoring libraries
i think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because has bad things online.
why take that magic away from children
there is always that one person out of the bunch who has something negative to say.
to paraphrase , i not agree with what you say, but i will fight to the death your right to say it.
there is no reason to censor a library, i believe.
the uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack.
this will drastically change how we learn about news.
have you ever had a book, movie, or magazine offend you?
most people who find things offensive in a library are always looking at the bad side of the situation.
there are many educational websites on computers.
it will still be around.
kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions.
his surroundings led him to the state of dehydration.
it was a simple house they started, turned to a warmth home.
the world is very vast and every part of it has a different climate.
my first reason i think computers have terrible effect on people is because its a waste of time.
he recalls past neighbors, and surrogate grandparents, his aunts and cousins.
, technology has developed majorly these past decades.
to : censorship, does deserve a place in our society?
pictures can also be offensive in many ways such as sex, race, and violence.
they instant message, listen to music, go on , , or .
computers have a positive effect in so many ways for example: school, work, talk to other, and just get information.
the next morning we went to the famous spot, chail.
this shows the physical and metaphorical obstacles must get over the heat and isolation, but must also find the mental drive and determination to carry on.
they are reasons why i think the author put that conclude with the paragraph.
movies that talk about and .
lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier.
maybe its politics; it could be a sports team.
india got freedom under his leadership.
secondly, computers supply you with information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc.
the internet has so much information.
i disagree that most books are offensive to readers i believe that they just help the writers get their points across.
another reason the author have used this paragraph to conclude the story is to show people to never quit.
they start to engage in activities that were once frowned upon.
people now a days do not spend anytime with family and people use computers to interact with friends.
another example would be a book on religious purposes.
people need to just calm down and smell the roses and forget about things that do not matter.
the rough terrain and snake and two factors in his trip that just helped make his journey even more cruel.
the had many mood in the memoir.
would they put more candy to make the world fat?
if a parent feels that a movie is decent for a child to watch, then go ahead and let them watch that material.
every one is either texting someone.
dear local newspaper, you know that every out of obese children spend or more hours a day on a computer?
perhaps getting people into trouble in with ?
i can relate, with cousins in and in .
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
computers have on people.
john is a fruit vendor.
computers play a major part in destroying our health.
that is the second reason why i think computers are good for people.
through everything they had been through.
censorship can be used to solve this problem, like in the book , it was used to keep books out of the picture completely.
by changing him physically.
they provide educational information about the students in schools, and my school, school, uses them quite often.
so by saying that she will take the test again when it is budding is like saying she will take the test again when its budding again.
to finish with this shows she will try season after season just like geese come back every year.
the most well know, is the computer.
studying or writing essay in my grade mostly.
consequently, kids end up in inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on.
we can easily look up facts about anything on the computer.
you could censorship the books and hide them from the public, but that would cause another problem.
readers can also can conclude that the harsh setting of the essay greatly affected the cyclist
everyone is different in their own way.
moving along, i want to talk about how you can get information in a instant with computers.
censoring the content in libraries is wrong.
how would you feel if your son or daughter saw a naked picture of someone, kept hearing bad words from a song that was in the library!
your sight is very important to living.
it could be a dangerous poser!
if you find it offensive tell them to pick out a new book, new , a new movie, or a new magazine.
they re informational.
this shows a loving mood because it shows how much cared and loved his parents.
computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons.
as you can see, i have stated many good reasons.
that is why will need technology.
why change that now?
have you ever taken a nice walk in the park?
in , this shows us that was very much appreciative of all that his parents had done for him.
how do you think the victims felt, they were punished for believing, or doing something different.
this can help for future researching, and school purposes.
a railway station is a very busy place.
advances in cellular device has also kept families farmer & farmer apart.
it will be easier to complete the drivers test in spring.
many jobs use computers.
also think back to that baseball player.
to build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely.
yes you can see pictures of nature on the computer, but those are just a bunch of pixels mushed together.
we also had a dip in the cold water.
the cyclist took advice from some old men that led him to difficult places to get out of.
no, i do not believe that.
it can be concluded that people are stubborn for their beliefs, and to have someone choose what everyone is allowed to believe be wrong.
when my mom lost contact with one of new friends, regretted not spending so much time with them.
the lights of the nearby houses and of the bridge threw beams of silver in the river.
travelling has great educative value.
these are just a few of the things books are written about.
why am i telling you this?
how could children stay on the computer when there in school learning?
three main reason as to why i think there are more negative impacts than positive and constructive impacts from computers are is a very big issue.
well that is my opinion on what i think should happen.
do you want your kids like that?
libraries contain thousands and thousands of books and other materials.
the kid will most likely listen to you and put the book back, that is a much better technique than trying to get the book removed.
the normal response to a movie such as that would be to become angry or frustrated.
secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier.
we needed it to thrive.
teachers immediately you have to talk to a supervisor about .
computers are also good for social networks.
the setting also affected him mentally because he was silently yelling at himself since he took directions from the old men.
the cyclist did not have much energy because he had no hope for him.
i thought what in the world is this doing at my school they should have something like that in a place where kids are in a learning environment.
if they find material they do not want their children to read, then they should censor in the home.
some jobs require people using or - computers are a necessity to get a well - paying job.
no waiting involved!
if it is rated then i know that i see some blood, gory scenes, and nudity.
no one should be judged for their religion, so take them off the shelves.
books today are basically telling you real life things that happen or can happen if you do anything.
there are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more.
it also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life.
this is another reason why computers can be positive.
this would inform the reader more on what he is about to engrossed in for the next week or so.
her mom describes to her that the hibiscus she bought is a bit different from the one back home.
the hibiscus is keeping her from giving up.
i interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around.
no,not in my opinion, and i hope not in yours either.
some people like the music genre called rap which does have some strong language in it but its your choice to listen to it.
another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town.
next my reason is if you stay on too long you miss out on life.
the point of a library is to carry items which will benefit the public.
growing up, was the wonder of my world.
for example, people who sit there all day on the computers spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature socializing with friends and families.
the features at the setting affected the cyclist by dehydrating him.
the computer is used for quick and easy research, interacting and communicating with friends and for personal entertainment.
do computer hurt you fate a you exercise?
this is her new home with new hibiscus.
for example in the story when he enters the fork in the road it says he found several rusty pumps, and one ramshackle shed.
i think parents should try and do all they can to keep certain things out of the reach of their children.
but, then are people who disagree with them.
i would have friendly relations with the members of my staff.
and not be working down at you finger keys.
the use of technology is being abused!
secondly, they are spending to much time on their computer than exercising.
what is supposed to be minutes grows into an hour or two that take away from your family.
you ask the amount time spend on computers is much more damaging than this.
others though say that censorship is unnecessary because people are going into the library and looking for a book at their own risk.
also if it was or to me i would the use of computers.
i heard a couple nights ago that had an earthquake.
another reason why libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well.
the mood in the memoir was to show what family is, that its much more than blood.
you can also watch movies or shows that you missed or want to watch again.
also, is another website that helps us study for vocab.
thankfulness is focused on in paragraphs and .
many believe in the idea of censorship because it will protect their children and allow them to remain innocent and morally upright.
the way i look at it is, is that everyone has their own beliefs and rights their own opinions.
one of the memories is the kitchen.
a library has books on nearly all subjects.
another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material, which is very understandable.
what would have taken days to get here now takes minutes or maybe even seconds.
when you are on the computer.
if we could, when people are checking out these books, movie, magazines, etc.
so please help me fight to put more people outside and make people more active, sounds like a pretty good cause huh?
the altercation ended only when he passenger had enjoyed the last puff.
these types of things i think should be taken off the shelves everywhere!
what would appeal to one man might be the subject of ridicule to another.
he also used very detailed text to paint the reader a picture.
it would create a lot of problems for the public library and for its citizens as well.
how would you feel if you were at your local library and you found something with something offensive in it?
when the geese get back.
() reason why i think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because can help you in many things that you need help on.
people would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature.
i remember in grade when i had a math midterm.
the setting affected the cyclists mood in a negative way.
a bus stop is an interesting place.
lastly, computers make people spend less and less time with their family, and treat their computer as if the computers are .
someone of any age can get their hands on just about anything they want.
everywhere you go you can find these items.
will you give up a beautiful composition because it is controversial?
these people need to get a change.
it might be a good idea for some libraries to do the same with books and magazines.
get off you computers and go outside!
as a result, many are suffering from various physical and mental disorders.
ever been depressed than taken a long nature walk, and felt great?
using computers helps society.
computers are suppose to be fun for people of any age.
computers are also good because if you have a project to do from school then you could get good information based on what project you have to do.
they are used by just about everybody.
if the people that make these products do this it will be much more easier for parents to do the right thing for there children
a book would probably take up more time and you get less information.
my reason why you ask.
there are some names for instant , , , and many more!
a large number of students come from villages, towns, and cities and they stay in a hostel.
if we keep using censorship, then this right will also be taken away from us.
the hibiscus will be budding which means that she herself will branch out and learn more.
this proves that no matter who or what you follow there is always a possibility of death from any circumstances.
the heat makes it hard to stay focused on making the long journey.
we must respect him.
most hear curse words before they can even walk.
another breathtaking adventure that you miss out on is hiking.
i know there are plenty of good books, magazines, and music out there.
once your power goes out you have noting to do because you got fired all because of you computer.
and i truly believe that this content students read in schools and libraries across has something to do with it all.
you find something offensive but it might not be to someone else.
although some materials be offensive, they should not be removed from the libraries.
the problem is, not many people do that.
but my opinion on the magazines, and movies could vary.
we all have the freedom of speech, right?
things would be completely different if people would watch what they put in stuff.
aside from being a great source of communication, computers are fantastic for searching and research.
i do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive.
and i hope you like what i wrote.
guess what it can do better then censorship.
the question is, should we censor materials in libraries if it is offensive?
what if we took you computer away?
not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well.
everybody should be able to read a book if they want in a library.
it also a great way to make friends!
some people are offensive but you must remember they are entitled to their opinion.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
they have no limits.
this dry, bare setting made it impossible to find any source of water.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
for example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another, just find a missing cat.
those who borrow anything at the library have the right to bring that special book or movie to the attention of those in charge.
it is important for parents to let their children know what is right or what is wrong.
but do they really consider both sides?
let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs.
censorship, a very sensitive topic.
it makes viewing more interesting and exciting.
i recently visited and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them.
the programs are constructed, then corrected and revised, then finally sent out all over the world.
the youth of the present will one day be the engineers, doctors, scientists, and moving leaders of the future.
one of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world.
so if you do go on the computer not for almost half the day!
computers play many roles and being used for fun is one.
they are helpful to students because the internet now contains textbooks they use in class.
so you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones.
those are two examples of how the mood is loving.
another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions, or traditions.
librarians have the right to display the content of which they choose, but making them remove products that they feel are fine is ridiculous.
same with any other high school student.
therefore, it is better to have good health.
many things nowadays in order to be perfect, have to be written up on the computer or you will not get the result you were hoping for.
in one book that we read this year in my class was ' '.
on the to do i when my brother would let me use the play again.
you have, there are two things you can do in that situation.
today in our society many things can be taken in many different way.
practice you the is considered one of the greatest countries in the world because it is a free country.
computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children.
the world has seen what can happen when things get censored.
so i think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves.
the features of the setting have a very negative effect on the cyclist.
overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework.
so more people would rather watch a movie.
to sum all this up, i think you can see my part of the argument.
i know i do instead of being home on the computer.
in the story the authors main feature of the setting is the road.
the author goes to describe his family, which were loving but poor.
this movie was a total disgrace to this library it had nudity, foul language, and lots of violence.
people that wish to possess these items will find another place to get them besides a public place with families and children.
the mood that the author creates in the memoir is loving and grateful.
his parent, did the very best they could for their family.
the television is a great gift of modern science.
teenagers should be mature enough to be able to read a book with a few swear words in it, or someone killing another person.
his method of teaching is convincing and inspiring.
if you want to go to college but you have no time you can take classes online.
specifically, baseball.
these are various programs.
that is what the mood of this memoir was, and in whom created it.
computers allow people to easily.
to read and watch or listen other media is a great way to learn about things other than what is in our back yard.
why do you think there are computer labs at school or desks with computers in offices.
doctor , who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed people.
their family ) their job.
most of the news can be very offensive.
this is why all different forms of books, magazines, radio and music could be offensive to people.
this reminds her of her old home watching the geese.
also, the features of the setting give him determination.
last, computers are a faster and easier way to find new things and learn more about different topics.
another key point to look at is obesity.
imagine talking to your friends, not having an with his ever leaving your room.
it would also keep people from loosing books.
also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you.
i know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud.
concluding that some people die each year of being over weight.
people often get offended if they read, see, or listen to something that goes against their personal views, ethics, or religion.
there are thirty-four classrooms.
the computer is good for connecting to people around the world.
what is offensive to one person, not be offensive to the next.
when you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be.
all types of entertainment are categorized by age and people should start paying more attention to that.
sometimes, the cat spends hours and hours at the rat-holes in searching of tats.
they also have teeth.
you could get a medical degree on the internet.
online is a great place to chat with friends or family you could keep in touch.
as she sees the geese flying overhead, she realizes what determination they must have and vows to do better on the test next year.
if someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat.
it just comes to show that, are many different things in this world today that not everyone is going to agree on.
most magazines have the same principles as movies do.
this affected him because usually when you think about thirst you get thirsty er.
you can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them.
in , we have the right to speak our minds.
everyone is different.
this stresses how remote the area in which he is biking really is, and shows how it mentally and physically effects his trip.
he teaches many classes.
the mood that this author set was that of love and compassion, and he did a very good job of explaining what his childhood home meant to him.
i resolved never again to travel by overcrowded bus if i could.
then, they end hurting themselves.
to go along with that, adults and children use the computer to type something on word if its for a report for work or an essay in school.
in a magazine i read, one expect, () said that leading to type without looking is a great way of improving reflexes.
the author concludes the story that way so she can keep everyone wondering.
some people find these things offensive, but i think that others will be greatly offended if they remove these things.
computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters.
which raises the question; who is to blame, and, what is the solution?
finally it say the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
therefore in the end books should be censored!
the plant gives an emblem of perseverance because it survives through the harsh winter.
helps them with school, and taxes.
this was must end now.
then she was effected by a ghost towns which had no water to give her.
the computer has allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person.
i believe that the parent should be able to trust their own child not to look at it.
as a place used to gain knowledge and wisdom, a library is a wonderful resource.
out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy.
some of you ask, ' about at school?'
we learn keyboarding skills.
has this changed your mind.
also, his family gave up their friends and family, good jobs and all said goodbye.
some can get obese and mess with your love life.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
this is exactly what is being done when someone writes an article or a book that they have published to be distributed into stores or libraries.
think before you do.
of course, there are few other causes that lead to ill health.
people i know have complained of their eyes hurting after using the computer.
our society we live in is just a total wreck and complete, utter disaster.
by doing so, i believe the only effects this will have on society are positive ones.
, computers are a problem to our health.
just because one person does not approve of a book does not mean that book should not be offered at the library.
one time i was having trouble with fraction, in math.
happiness is a mood that the author tells you about.
to whom it concern, i feel that computers are a great in most people lives.
i believe that each individual person is entitled to an opinion.
dear , computers are a sought after item in this day in age, and we are making advances in technology every single day.
computers do not help you brain they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama.
so i suggest you pick one up and just have a blast, you wont be sorry.
first reason is they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
instances like this happy everyday int he local library.
for example, the sun was beginning to beat down.
when my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days.
in the , there consists of many libraries that are available to the public with an interminable amount of information.
what have you been taught?
computers also help students and adults talk to people.
more than half the time, the internet has beyond enough information for what i need.
can be labeled as wasteful or dangerous.
when you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body.
magazines, music, books and movies are mainly for entertainment.
another reason is learning.
they effect the cyclists confidence, and hope.
after a while she planted the flower in the vegetable garden.
they let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends.
the author concludes this story with this paragraph for a very good reason.
during his journey a ridiculously large snake blacked the majority of the ??
arguments about every little thing will always be at hand.
they help us in so many ways.
all these items are very animated things.
the author of the story ends it with a very interesting paragraph.
the choice to read or watch this material is up to the person, and should have no influence on other humans opinions.
i realized i needed usually this would be difficult but with the help of computers, research can be made a whats let easier.
many families do not live close to other relatives, making hard to see them.
well computers benefit our life.
people are spending too much time on computers.
so spam email comes.
that hurts your health and your relationship with your friend.
my family has gone to many different areas around the world.
over all, in the memoir of the mood can be mainly described as grateful towards his parents, heritage and home.
therefore offensive books and media should be allowed to stay on the shelves.
hibiscus is everything far her.
technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world.
also, computers help deaf people talk.
another good example is movies.
books are so very important to us and our world.
yes, the computer has all different kinds of bad stuff and good stuff.
most people are worried about their children reading the books that they find offensive.
if it is said that every reading that comes off offensive should be taken off the shelves, then what would be left on them.
if you online you can in the computer.
if you just give every book a chance you will find a good reason for it to be read
has no one ever heard of freedom of speech?
there are a lot of offensive material in libraries.
dear (our local newspaper), has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers.
although that is true, typing is very fats and neat.
and the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature.
but not everybody agrees on this statement.
one specific type of person does not go to the library.
no one should we withheld from a book due to age, race, gender, or any other factor.
they give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet.
if something goes against those, people will be offended, and if enough people are upset, it gets taken away
the mood of this memoir is happy and grateful.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
there are many reasons that this should not be passed.
once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages.
than when he came to all the bumps in the road, it was harder to pedal.
censorship on books and other materials in libraries would be a very negative thing.
as he runs out of water, the landscape, and his surroundings, start to get drier and drier.
because of that, that does not mean she marched down to the library and demand that they get rid of all the books written by that author.
and to me that is not fair.
the ups and downs and all the animals that await him.
censorship of the movies, music, & books is just prohibiting the expansion of culture.
now says this about his house because his parents were always so up beat and caring that they showed him what love is.
so never will i think that the library should be censored.
another thing amazing about computers is that you can learn about far away places and people.
these are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to the society.
this prevented her from focusing on the test.
computers are horrible when it comes to this topic.
if they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child.
so, does that mean it should be taken down off the shelf because it is offensive to both people?
one way is we can find closest gyms on the internet.
maybe we should stop worrying about other people for once and just try to grow and prosper as a race.
it is up to you to continue using computers.
authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, people make movies and magazines for a reason.
the possibility of defeat should not unnerve us.
that was a thoughtful choice from as well instead of announcing it on news.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a couple different ways.
teacher also can allow students to research for projects online and participate in online educational activities.
too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive.
it is very easy to tell what is good and what is bad.
after that, she took us for a walk round the garden.
he is saying all the things he is thankful for.
this has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain.
on his computer and haven went outside.
almost everyone works during the week, and if you not realize it, we get most of our help from computers.
because if is hilly, he has to work twice as hard.
studies have shown that of people that use computers have an increased hand eye when doing activities like sports or games.
there are some weak boys and girls in my class.
the internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of.
imagine being in the hospital because of playing on the computer.
baby sitters need to do their homework.
secondly, purchases can be made.
it makes it seem like the younger generations can not handle it, or that past generations have something to hide.
the plant brought back memories of her old life and that helped comfort her.
you need to have steady hands.
the problem this creates is that many valuable books that should be permitted reading material are instead unavailable.
the cyclist had a lack of water and was very thirsty.
this affected him because it slowed him down, i know this because in the story it said rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
this has also helped us in wars.
they left behind everything and everyone they loved, basically a huge chunk of them, and for that, he is extremely grateful.
we will try to plant a tree whenever we can.
also, you can talk with your friends if your phones not working.
many people reach their offices late.
people sue messaging to connect with their friends, family, & other people they not know.
dear local newspaper, this is a letter about how i feel about the effects of computers.
lyrics can deal with really mature things that should only be heard and understood by adults.
as you can see computers effect many people in a negative way.
computers bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home.
but, what would happen if everything that we thought was wrong was taken off of the self?
censoring is pointless because children have other ways of viewing things that would be censored in a library.
people would like to learn about different things.
his parents wanted a better life for him.
so lets put a stop to it now.
the question then is, computers have good effects or bad effects on people.
first off, the cyclist was in the desert on a bicycle.
when an author writes a story or an article, they are putting their opinion into it.
to get rid of these books that cause conflict within a person is like getting rid of a big burden.
for most of my childhood i did this and it was very simple.
and maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer.
there are mass amounts of influential materials from the media and also from peers that a child is subject to.
some think everything should be a little cleaner others think different.
computers are sucking in society, more of it each day.
computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer.
they different thing to do like look up books,music,or movies you can check out the libraries.
he works very hard from morning till night.
i think that many would agree to this if it was proposed .
while surfing the web be fun, it has been proven unhealthy.
the sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief.
the effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to.
the time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!
we also saw an elephant, a peacock, a litter of cubs and some fluffy little rabbits.
she snow this as a test for herself .
to continue, offensive books should not be put into libraries because they give that library a bad reputation.
this is why i think computers do not have a good effect on the people who use them.
many people believe computers are bad but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them?
computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are.
this sentence and last few paragraphs change the mood a great deal.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society.
music is a persuasive thing, and if a kid walks into a library and picks up an appealing , could be bad.
i eat my snack with my friends and play games with them.
we all know that not everything is okay for certain age groups to read, see, or listen to.
the author is constantly talking about, and remembering, what her home was like when she was growing up.
computers is probably their or way they communicate.
many people in different cultures find many different things offensive.
yes it be true that adults like to read about sex, and drugs but do we really want our kids reading the same stuff that we read.
i think the paragraph provides a feeling of hopefulness which is way the author concluded the story the way they did.
dear , in opinion, computers are fantastic!
horse or the mule is yet another animal who helps mankind in more than one way.
in conclusion, i remember talking and laughing with my friends over the computer when sick so that could cheer me up.
when we would arrive home are parents would ask what we saw, we would lie and say we saw the new movie.
to reiterate, the mind of human is a unique one, that identifies with no other.
the internet also allows you to catch up on recent news such as weather.
and that is how the author creates all the moods on the memoir.
in the essay the cyclist is riding in the desert.
she even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends.
also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time.
also you can use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject.
it shows he learned the most important lesson it this house.
but just because one parent does not want their child to read ' ', does not mean that every child should be denied the opportunity to read it.
at last, my brother came home and i was happy.
these features leave him thinking he will die because there is no life around him.
the author is very happy and satisfied with the family he has and want his family has done.
in all of these examples there could be bad language, pictures, and messages.
dear local newspaper, computers have a lot of affects on people.
how would it be if everyone liked the same things.
this world uses computers for the wrong reasons.
the mood is grateful + thankful throughout the memoir.
if one person does not find the content of a book attractive then simply do not read the book.
strikes and balls is your count.
dear , name is and i will be talking about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on man kind.
by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need.
movies tell what ages are okay to watch those movies.
when people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends its a personal choice.
also, foreign places become closer to home, when computers allow you to virtually visit hundreds of different countries.
if he had been almost anywhere else, his journey could have been much better.
believes this is pulling her family apart.
having a computer will also let you talk to people that are not easy to get.
for instance, in paragraph three it states that family does not mean just blood relations.
if they do not like it, they do not have to read it or listen to it.
in my opinion, we should not get rid off computers because it good for doing school work and talking with family.
these are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer.
last year in , it was .
then, a week later, we had another game but this time i went straight from church.
some have problems and some of the books can help them.
a novel by , , was banned.
the book was full of adventures.
taking time away from the computer is a smart idea.
that person then could end up using the information for the worst.
there were different kinds of birds.
it is time for our society to stop being nurtured by the government and start doing our own dirty laundry
also people would just start saying they thought that item was not suited for the library just because they did not like it period.
first of all, he was traveling in the which means it was very dry.
technology helps and benefits us all in a good positive way.
it showed her getting used to her environment.
its almost as though its taken this plant to show her to get back up and pass the test.
she sees these flowers after failing which reminds her that she never given up before.
dear , i am writing to you to let you know my opinion on computers and technologies.
teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word.
overall i think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive
they can even make there own side of the libraries with just censored things for adults only.
do you still think this has a positive effect on people?
when you read paragraph two, and how he describes the home, the author makes you feel happy.
this affects him because he is sweating and he is running out of water and he could possibly become dehydrated.
internet is great for communication.
first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things.
being with your family is important because their fun go out with.
while one reader love the story and wear out the pages, another get halfway through and never finish it.
i do not believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from shelves.
it eases your mind to be absorbed in something.
usually when you look in a magazine you usually see pictures so its not as big of effect as the others such as the music and movies.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
remember that the computer be great from time to time, but it can not live your life for you.
movies at a library are put their for educational reason like: to teach kids to count, and to learn something about a certain topic.
the answer is as simple as that.
do you love technology?
so i believe anything that is published should be there for the public to read.
all of these things can give wrong ideas to our children and teenagers.
but i guess everyone forgot about that.
nature is beautiful i am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals.
the mood the author created in the memoir was joyful and optimistic.
since i go to my local high school i think its nice to be able to find anything i need in my library at school.
but if you want to do this you are going to need a webcam.
instead you can just or email them and you can have a conversation without even looking at a person!
he sits at home on his computer all and plays games, goes on and .
being , i just had to know.
of them are classics that past generations have read in school.
players should be fit, with strong arms and legs.
as for myself i am one of those on the side of which is for computers.
what do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer?
you can break this paragraph down to mean many different things.
might takes some month to learn, but once a child knows , they will be outside for hours.
his report card is unbelievable.
she goes to college on the internet because she has to take care of her two children.
the author shows that he learns family and is very thankful to his parents for that.
while growing up i had a friend who was very religious.
after all, if the language in some slavery books was not as vivid as it is, some people not oppose slavery as strongly as they do.
also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends.
first, it helps you learn your social skills.
but to others its does nothing to them.
i have never seen movie and listening to my friends talk about it, i do not want to.
the same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away.
i think that it is showing new beginning that she will have to go through the next year.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was simply love.
taxis, buses, and scooters were parked outside.
then i will take the test again.
if they would have taken them off the shelf because they were not appropriate then i know plenty more novels that would be gone as well.
people learn much of what they know from the computer.
do i believe that certain materials , such as books, music, movies,magazines, and so on should be removed?
she left her home, people she loved, and an endless list of memories.
the computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home.
the says how glade he is that his parents help him out a lot.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
we cant believe everything that said on the computer .
people interact with people online if the want to.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to create a feeling of hope.
not everyone has the same opinion on things.
she feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her.
if you want, you can also get a web cam.
as you can see now, computers are great influence to our lifestyle.
finally, the story has a sense of roundness and end with that last paragraph, the story is complete.
i think that children are simply not mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, magazines, and movies.
we can have teacher help tell the kids an let them no that it not right for them to watch that.
another thing is those game websites.
so try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!
we just have to learn to use it with respect.
my reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature.
computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake.
distracting games are a waste of time and cause stress.
such content requires material as violence, drugs, and nudity.
in the essay do not exceed speed limit, the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a few ways.
now you think we should do about computers.
the answer should be simple.
one of my good friends is years old, has two jobs, her own apartment with her boyfriend, and is not supported by either of her parents.
that shows a good because it is about loving.
the ideas of resilience when faced with challenge , and the determination to adapt and succeed.
he is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep.
computers today are consuming our world.
lastly, , computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family.
if they get on that talks about drugs and some other things they could be offensive by that.
this shows that if family or friends needed help they were there for them.
our life will become very happy if we read good books.
people say that computers waste our lives.
two, if you have a library card, you can check out books, movies, music, etc.
they help very much with education, and even that alone i think should be enough to convince you that computers are helpful.
she offered me a small chair to sit on and enjoy the dance.
parents all have a different opinion in what is good and what is bad for their children.
i know i do it all the time.
you can keep everyday updated at all times.
dear of the , i strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way.
his water supply is running how and he is dehydrated.
try to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer.
to them, family was your community and friends.
when the cyclist arrived at the abandoned grape factory he felt on twist of many.
what look vulgar to someone, might not look so offensive to another individual.
well computers can be a good or a bad thing.
those features at the setting affected the cyclist a lot on his trip.
if people stopped to think about it, they would realize that offensive material has already been bought by others.
knowledge of suicide is also something i think should be available.
when the book, magazine or movie was create, it not have been made to be offensive.
this is why most endings are meaningful like this.
computers internet access, our business would crumble, then the economy would follow.
these examples show the many ways the setting affected the cyclist.
for example, wanted to wish this but when he looked online he saw how just had an earthquake so he changed his plans this .
so parents can pick what they can read.
i believe materials that are offensive to some people should be permitted from the public library.
computers play a big role in the obesity factor.
the cyclist is biking through deserts.
if someone finds the things that other people have to say, offensive, they generally stop hanging out with that person.
how do we get it out?
after seeing the sign, a snake crosses his path.
it is just like text messaging, only through computers.
if we took out certain books, and music from the library, it would defeat the purpose of calling it the public library.
sports teach is to accept both defeat and victory in the same spirit.
one way computers benefit society is, by making it easier for everyone to get information about something.
i also read every single one of books.
also some of the music that is on shelf should be remove from all store.
when we take up a project we need a team of workers.
she sat down and looked up hundred schools.
a camel can tell of coming sand-storm.
if something is offensive to you, you have the right to stand up for yourself.
an ideal citizen is a thorough gentleman.
who would have thought computers can have effect for people.
these are the sites you use to access information from others to making plans for the weekend.
the creator of each song, movie, song, magazine, or any other publication has made their product for a specific customer.
censorship causes people to become uneducated which on the other hand makes it illegal for a person to speak out against something even if it wrong.
without the internet this would almost be impossible.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies,magazines, should be removed from from shelves if they are found offensive.
one snows day in , i was assigned a research paper on .
the mood created by the memoir is shown by many things.
is grateful that his parents moved to to give him a good life.
why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out.
there will never be a perfect answer for a problem like this in the world.
that is why it is recommended to make sections in the library.
the objects we are talking about are our entertainment it brings us joy and many smiles.
is very grateful for everything his parents have ever done for him and he loves them with all his heart.
advancement is centered around computers.
rappers most of the time rap about female ,killing people , and etc.
not only would it make people happier, it would make the world better.
history is a big part of life that everyone one should know.
peoples language could be different or there personality.
from this snippet, i can tell that the author was grateful for learning the true meaning of family.
he feels confident in him making it, not realizing what is up ahead.
many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or became obese.
dear , i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
this is one way computers benefit all of society.
it depends on the level of intelligence, maturity, and age of the people who have access to these materials.
after all, it is the only way to remain free of any diseases.
however, hes determined and pushes through to reach a shop.
in reality, computers can help with exercising instead of decreasing it.
what would happen to her if the series ' ' were banned from schools?
but if they do not put offensive things on the shelves they will not end up being in a law suit
he makes the reader admire them too.
even as it is now, parents try to hid such things from their children.
being on the computer is not a bad thing, sometimes.
thank you for your time.
was founded on the basis of freedoms; freedom of speech, freedom of thought.
when a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer.
twice i found myself in very uncomfortable position.
computers have a super positive effect on people.
i have several reasons i feel support my opinion about not removing material found offensive by some.
it could be offensive to them but not to someone else.
many parents have different rules for their children then others, and they not agree with what is displayed among these shelves for their child to checkout.
but it teaches adults and kids new things.
many children who play sports that have computers actually manage to catch a ball faster than usual.
if you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your.
nobody has the same views as everybody else, each person is different in their own way.
i make my own choice to not watch or those kinds of materials.
the computer can really help you.
doing exercise is good for your health.
even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites.
who is to stop someone from taking off books once this processes has started?
go with them for some ice cream.
it could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers.
the truth is, computers are starting to take negative effect on our society and even ruin relationships.
not to mention, computers cost way too much money.
however, although computer can be such a good thing, it can be bad as well.
firstly, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that the development and manufacturing computers creates thousands jobs!
we can get just as much information out of books if we try our best.
what would be put in there places?
and spending time online is taking away your time from exercising those calories off.
doing so will not only help libraries but also society.
when the cyclist arrived at the first town, he described it as a ghost town.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the library had historical movies, but i ended up watching that by myself.
the ending paragraph creates a feeling of hope since it shows how everything will return and others will be another chance.
buses are always overcrowded during peak times.
first of all, freedom of speech is very important to the people of the .
mood in this memoir is enjoyable.
he says at some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement in front of me.
this includes your family members or relatives etc.
i remember when i younger me and my friends always wanted to go see rated movies.
hospitals organize all records digitally to help give the right treatments patients.
the authors battery was leaking acid so it was harder to make it over the hills.
setting can have a great deal of affect on a cyclist, depending on if its smooth or rocky, or hot or cool.
computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch.
also, the author shares specific information about what his family was like.
the atmosphere is more disciplined in a hostel than it is at home.
if they are found offensive, and proved offensive, they should be moved.
there are loads of harsh things in the world, its impossible to just edit them all out
there are new additions daily.
also, they wanted a better education for their children so they left family, friends, everything behind so they could restart their life.
censorship in libraries should not be mandated.
to the main character, friendships and home is very important to him.
she became very lazy.
i could go on the computer and look it up.
the computer is really helpful because you could find pictures of places and information of people.
together we can make a change or find a cure.
there are ratings on movies for a reason, so why not use them.
he was saving up his energy and his water.
can you imagine the high bills you would get?
computers are just another unnecessary thing in life.
when my grandparents went to school, they had no idea what a computer was.
the government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was the love your home and all of the people around it.
this proves that he is grateful.
he is a selfless person.
lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students.
same thing with trains.
goat milk is expensive.
why bore yourself to death with computers that will probably give you the wrong advise when you could always ask a friend for advise.
just like that, computers help to get questions answered fast.
i think the use of computers in our town are very good for society.
the internet is like a big book.
with libraries being found in most communities, there is going to be discussion on the contents of the items they carry.
mainly parents and educators find these materials such as books offensive and do what they can to get this book taken out of libraries at schools.
computers can be very useful and efficient to anybody.
what would be on the shelves?
when he first started the journey, he was happy and care free and the land had no hills and he flat.
the people cannot catch them easily, because they run fast.
that could cause them not to like white people.
getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment.
it makes fun of people who are unique in their own way.
this was a huge achievement for the .
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
young ladies want to have big boobs and butt.
he also is very grateful for his parents sacrifice to give the life he has.
when you go on the computer the thing people go on is the internet.
most of the time people are home bound but need a job.
in a time of pain all you want is a friend.
then the biker listened and he went on down the road.
store things on them, and use them for entertainment.
he is a gentle horse and children love to ride him.
like science, math, or history homework.
all types of genres of all types of entertainment can be found in libraries.
this denies those artists of their own freedom of expression and represses something simple, our own expression.
they can been used to look up information, talk to family and friends music etc.
the plant seems to give her hope and the last paragraph of the story mentions the hibiscus.
i know from own experience watching dad has came into room, and told me to turn it off.
however, i do agree that there should be certain standards set for some of the books out there.
should be removed from public libraries.
you should be able to have freedom without removing anything from anyone.
the truth is we can not stop them, their is so much of the pornography and bad music out in this world that your can get it anywhere.
how disappointed am i when i find that the music i want has been removed for being explicit.
however a child could go home and watch the movies or search the internet for something more controversial.
the phrases and statement show that the author feels very grateful for what his parents have done for him, which create a mood of gratitude.
what harm could it cause to see it now.
the library should be more strict on the material that the people in the library look at on a day to day basis.
just remember though, if you agree with this then.
if books are being offensive, it can just easily hurt anyone reading that book.
please listen or your child could stay back.
have fun where is the computer.
when i felt scared, my mother held me tightly.
without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales.
so what are you waiting for?
this memoirs mood is fairly consistent throughout the whole piece.
this would make it more difficult for the author because he would have to use more energy to move up the hill.
i actually felt the opposite feelings toward the book.
no one wants the truth cut out of their reading materials.
i have a number of cousins in who i only talk to if i go to visit which is very rare.
there are thousands of libraries throughout the world.
she has more of an appreciation for now after seeing the hibiscus and remembering her past.
when i have to write a paper on someone i usually use the internet.
certain material that are made to offend people should be removed from shelves everywhere.
when he finally arrives at the fish camp, he is relieved to be alive & is uplifted.
magazines are an issue along with movies and different kinds of music.
dear local newspaper, i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world.
no one is making you watch or read any of that.
it is really not a free country when you have people taking away books and movies because they are offensive to people.
censoring a library would not make it any easier to keep young children away from certain materials that are offensive.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us'.
there are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not offensive.
people all over the world use computers for something important, in case of emergency and much more.
no that not right it just pure wrong.
dear newspaper , you know that over of own computers?
when the animals cry and flee in pain in pain, the boy
my personal opinion is that i do not think that books should be removed from a shelf even though it offend someone.
i have observed that children listening to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up turning out to be an unsuccessful individual.
and without a computer all that would be very challenging.
so she then gets hope from it.
another reason why computers are good because it can bring the world together.
it amuses and excites.
it is evident by the tone used by the author that these were happy times.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in many ways.
with a computer, typing up the composition would probably take around half the time of writing the composition.
being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes.
like lets say my dad goes on business to .
it is wise to set censors in the libraries, for students.
about of adults confess that they too have fallen into the new fads such as , , and .
they allow people to talk online.
but, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog.
everyone has the same rights to read any book they want.
who spends the most on unhealthy food?
communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people.
well i have some people spend to much time on their computer completely choice.
as technology advances so does our skills.
as said above, libraries need to remove all content that has potential to be exposed to children and destroy their innocent minds.
i understand why he used the word, it was a common word in his time.
also many more jobs want people with computer skills.
we were able to go on a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport.
the author also teaches you to always have a positive attitude to get success.
the girl felt very bad about failing the test which makes the reader feel sad.
we need to get these types of songs out of our libraries.
you can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people.
it has a stone building.
last month our class teacher took us for a picnic.
people who put there time to writing all of there thought and ideas in that should not be just thrown off the shelf.
this question could be answered in two very different opinions.
when he come over the bend he cave to his troubles road and thirst
did you know you should have a minimum of min in sunlight each day?
about of are overweight or obese.
because this program we are able to stay in touch.
the earth is the only gifted planet which has a life.
there is really no comparison.
secondly, he passes a large road sign reading rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
authors, publishers, editors, and directors all have a right to express their opinions in their work.
poisonous snakes, mirages, rolling hills, and dry dead tumbleweed these features in the setting that the cyclist was going through have the greatest effect of all.
you can learn a lot from a offensive show, you can learn what and what not to do.
you have the right to either read what you see or keep moving and read what you want to.
so why would anybody take books off the shelf for being offensive?
i think the author realizes that she is going to have to adapt.
computers should be used less.
there are the reasons to why i think that people should less time on the internet, and more outdoors.
therefore, materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should never be removed from public places.
reading this makes me feel grateful to live in .
computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication.
several times in the story, the cyclists says that he is tired and dehydrated, at one point he thinks he is going to die of heatstroke.
or it will help someone find their lost pet.
for instance, say we did take away all the offensive materials what is that going to do?
imagine yourself a white, year old boy, growing up in an all white town.
a solution a new wonderful machine called.
once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them.
but no matter what you try to do, something bad will be out there waiting for you.
has been known for rapping about drugs, sex, money, and violence.
you could even try and make some good health ones that advertise good health for people and teens.
with computers come the internet, and with the internet comes games and social networking sites.
but then, the article is taken away because of one small comment in it.
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel.
should we listen to a song even though it gives off a bad message?
prevents that so you can always talk to them.
the last i have is spending more time with family than on the computer.
it is a great way to keep in contact.
you cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers!
people miss things while on the computer.
all of these things affected him.
people are getting name of guns and what they look like from movies and magazines and getting them and getting bombs off the black market.
they are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible.
and it seems that computers are addictive.
she had taken the test and failed, living where she was living then just seemed too much pressure on her.
their ears are big and they have a long and powerful trunk.
after reading, rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit, i noticed that the setting of this adventure affected the narrator.
i am one of those few people who believe that no one should have the right to remove a book simply because they find the book offensive.
this way other people can read these books.
this shows that even though someone write or speak out against the majority opinion, they can say whatever they want without being punished for it.
you can learn, play, and be free.
there are people out there who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to health.
i could almost feel the sweat and heat that the cyclist was feeling.
it landed at jaipur airport.
if you ask my opinion i would have to side with not removing certain books,movies,music,etc.
so the setting affects the cyclist in a way that could have killed him.
dear , i feel as though computers have good effects on people.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
they also say that they are not interacting with family and friends.
the bridegroom was escorted to the throne-like-seat on the raised platform.
should they be punished for accidentally coming across this material and reading it?
how can you make fun of someone who does self harm.
especially, when that person could just ignore the book and pay no attention to it.
it will make your a better person!
they are harmless and can be seen everywhere.
should i be allowed to remove it from shelves, leaving teenagers without their music, denying artists' freedom of speech, and ultimately, leaving them unemployed?
many people would agree that using a computer helps us learn new things.
when have you ever went into a library and found a book that is so offensive that you complain or try to get that certain book off the shelf?
for example the flower made her sad but in the end it made her better.
now that you know that lets move on to the last reason.
this could a leading of obesity.
i believe that it is unnecessary to remove items off shelves for offensive reasons.
i feel bad because i let something so little mess up my life.
because like i said everyone deals with it at one point, and not everyone can be happy.
that is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
some people do not believe that there is a god or a heaven, but a lot of other people do believe in it.
that clearly shows one of the things we need computers for.
people are not getting exercise, so the gain more weight.
i also say that the author feels grateful because the great culture and heritage he has came from.
when he saw the fish bate shop though, he was probably relieved that he was going to be saved,
i think of bad thing like cuss words,nudity, and battle scenes.
this can lead you to getting glasses or possibly going blind.
instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends.
every adult watching the news at night before they go to bed to see what has , what if you went to bed early.
the mood in the memoir is happy and thankful.
if someone wants to write a book on what they think is right then they are allowed to do that.
dear readers, i think that its good and bad to use the computer to much
have you ever thought that some material from the libraries could and have been found offensive and wanted them to be removed from the library?
i disagree, computers can help keep family members that live far away in touch.
this is saying that there was a fun vibe in his house when he was growing up which makes you feel happy.
and then it talks about his gratefulness, to truly show the contrast between sacrifice and the state of being grateful.
i ask why some individuals would want to give one freedom we do have away?
i took a virtual tour of the and the great .
i believe that people have the right to read, listen, or watch what ever they want.
computers are used for getting messages to different people in the.
as you can see, time is a valuable thing which computers can help save.
another fantastic fact is that computers will grow in the future.
now we have computers we should use it.
of the people who use computers are obese or overweight.
the animals because the snake could have killed the cyclist and these was no one in miles to help.
around paragraph , the author begins to talk about his pride in the success and determination of his family.
he keeps the school notice board up-to-date.
if people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down.
for example, if you have a history project, and you need to know about china, you can use the computer.
if you ask me if i think censorship is important in libraries than i would have to say yes and no.
also you can see what people your age do for a living.
i once read a book that i found in our school library that was about slavery.
my last reason is that computers are the general health of people today.
either way you could still find something about the writing to be offensive.
to make everyone happy, the person could just not listen it.
so instead i just jumped on my computer but not really jump on but any way so i went on the and guess what!
the library is not just there for people to take books and other things it also there so that people can have a comfortable place to learn something.
at first, in the cyclists own words, things began well enough.
but could it be a bad thing.
some use it to stay connected with family or to reconnect with old friends.
the winter hibiscus symbolizes her fondness of the place she used to live before.
some people say that computers are a bad influence on .
in the same way, some people use tiles and others use hay to thatch their roofs.
com and find it in a split second.
magazines always have a positive, but where there is a positive they have a harsh negative thing to put in with it.
bloody video games and hateful song lyrics can encourage animosity towards others in children.
dear , computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people.
the world contains of many things that people find offensive, but it does not mean those things have to go.
some people believe that some of the books, magazines, and music in libraries are too vulgar and obscene.
you can learn about whats happenings in other parts of the world, you can learn things about celebrities, and you can look at the weather.
this is because i do not think children know as much as we do, so it will give them wrong ideas they have taken the wrong way.
heaters, irons, washing machines, freezers, and room coolers are in common use.
censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library.
could use it for related could use it for .
we as individuals have different views on many things.
she says this because she wants to move on now and try to get used to her new home.
i bet you use email as much as we do to get a of printers and.
before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books.
dear local newspaper , our technology advance, so do are lives.
in public libraries, things are a little different.
in the memoir, the author shows love by not only showing the love between the child and the parents but by also showing the love throughout the community.
most of the libraries are big enough to be sorted into sections.
it gives us joy in our spare time.
you want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean.
many sports teams like the use this.
you can watch all types of movies.
i think we all can agree with .
without computers life would be difficult and stressful.
he can not spend much money for medical or engineering courses.
this shows that it is good for a child to see such offensive things.
another way aspect that the computer provides is world news and big events and drama that is happening in our society.
finishing the story this way left the reader feeling positive, it was a short ending but one with a lot of meaning.
he held the boy tight and swam to safety.
so this is why effects education.
those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together.
over time, computers have caused most people to be lazy.
patrons should not be shielded from these occurrences.
also, kids get into dangerous for example they get kidnapped for this informal and the people they talk to.
even though it might seem unfair, censorship, given by the parents and guardians, is very necessary.
a novel or song be pleasing to people, but should it be extinguished from the record store or library because of one person?
the tall trees silhouetted against the sky made a beautiful seens.
the internet is a great source for reviews and ratings of books.
some material could be informational about our solar system or about the human body.
the reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising.
i hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer.
instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise.
some say it is a great idea, and others say everyone is entitled to their own ways of living.
first computers allow you to talk online with friends and family.
people that read things and get offended by it, should have a say in whether it is on the shelf or not.
kids in high school look up collages to get into when they are in like or grade.
a doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people.
everyone knows it and everyone loves it.
why put it on the shelves of libraries then?
if the human body overheats, it becomes sick and unable to properly function.
always breathe in the fresh air and do some kind of exercise every day.
because the cyclist trusted the shortcut the old men told him about he had a lot of doubt, anger and determination later on during the day.
should books, magazines, or movies that are found offensive be removed from the shelves?
but he keeps trying to reach his destination.
how could a railway be worked without order?
the terrain also made him thirsty because the more he had to go up and down hills, the more he would drink.
a concern i have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers.
music is a different story however.
different sections in the library can be available to certain age groups.
i know i would like to.
the features are just not right and and they could be changed around a little bit and still have about the same meaning of the essay.
spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do that much anymore.
when they say , they mean .
for instance, the cyclist had trouble finding a place with water to drink.
a recent study by and the studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer.
it is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen.
most importantly people should become aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing this putting into negative situations at them in harm.
all knowledge will be trashed and no one will be able to voice their opinions.
the green fields looked very beautiful.
computers make work easier and neater.
do i think materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the book shelve if they found offensive?
also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you.
the library should just pick their music wisely so everyone can be well satisfied.
this was the first obstacle which affected him.
computers are a good way to help with your skills.
some students sit in their classrooms.
thank you very much.
for example my dad works for and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world.
he has every thing he needs but some how it turns out bad.
then take a nice walk or stroll in the park.
i got really mad when i read it so i threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them.
computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family.
the settings have a huge affect on the cyclist.
computers can help you so much if you need an answer.
one reason is that books, music, etc.
which means the whole community can go pick out something.
the cyclist in the essay goes through phases that effect him differently according to the setting.
like go to the moon!
also, about black never win a trial and there treated unfairly.
the computer is fun for everyone.
those book also have bad language in them to.
as i stated in paragraph two that i used to be a user.
he can deal with the heat with his good water supply, but when it runs out he begins to get disoriented.
children that have read books or watched inappropriate media can sometimes change how they are like.
another way you could too a is from online classes.
a specific rating would warn viewers or readers from checking out an item that is offensive or inappropriate.
so, its probably the same for the narrator.
last but not least, you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day?
i think censorship should somewhat be in libraries, but not to the extreme.
censorship would just make it harder for adults to find some books that they would want to read.
at that time i feel to embrace her.
more and more people are putting down their dictionary to type the word into , where it is accompanied by a pronunciation and found more easily.
the geese always come back when the seasons change.
this is how happiness, gratefulness, and unity created a mood in this memoir.
if the setting were different, this story would not have been as traumatic.
they cause conflicts in between one an another.
the greatest impart is the computer!
the games just suck you in and your stuck.
some people might enjoy material that is offensive.
but i could read any book i wanted to.
his first instincts was to use a perfectly good map that was up to date.
it comes to be very useful for research projects or even learning another language.
teenagers are supposed to get one hour of exercise each day but out teens surveyed at admit getting that exercise.
with the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute.
this includes all forms of media, excluding any media that provoke racism and hate against a group of people.
there on like for eight hours.
dear , i think that computers affect our country in a positive way.
you know some forms of cancer are caused by the radiation of technological devices?
next, computers can help you learn new things online.
therefore some people hunt them to get their feathers.
really, is this what our lives should be focused on?
if they did decide to remove these books are kids would have a hard time learning about the truth.
but a material should not be removed from a library shelve, unless the , or the manager, find it offensive, then i can understand their decision.
for you to do that would be defeating the purpose of being an for the author of that material.
one of my fellow students said that computers changed his life.
there are also many books on the , some people find that offensive, or not want their kids reading about that, but that is history.
everyone has their own meaning of offensive.
some of the books that are banned could relate to someone, and touch them.
on the internet you can even ask questions, and they will probably be answered.
computers teach us many things.
a library is a place for people of all ages it should not be limited to just one age group.
reading is an extremely popular activity.
i think that only if there is real offensive stuff then it should be censored.
it could prevent you from spending time with family and friend and can even push them away.
as mentioned before, if a book is too offensive for anyone not of adult audience, it should be placed in an adult section.
the cyclist then was almost completely dehydrated from the long, tiring bike rid.
like i said, computers teach and help people learn about different places among the world today, helps us communicate with others around us or in !
another positive effect that computers have on people is communication.
begging brings a bad name to the society and country.
trees are very important to us.
you can live without using a computer for us a week.
many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands.
the library is open to anybody that wishes to enter.
they need to have more than one copy of a book if they fight over one book.
so go out and buy one.
giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on.
she is setting a real goal for herself.
well that brings me to my next point.
people benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them.
i, on the other hand, think otherwise.
if that book like that was censored, it would be like saying some people are better than others.
my hobby is drawing.
fans of computers will argue that they help you interact with people around the world, but what about the people in the next room?
since all people are different, no one will like the same movies as the next person.
is the computer getting in your way?
if a movie is rated it should not be in a public library.
which means they will most likely stay back.
to find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on the computer!
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show the hope that nature brings to her.
one raise the question of these books possibly invoking violence.
if your on the computer a lot you are sitting around and a lot people eat while they are on the computer.
they are so much fun to play and what i am talking about is video games.
those things might be offensive to them, but not to other people.
when you go to a new country, you also get the opportunity to meet new people.
first of all instead of removing all the books maybe you should consider making a section for only for people of certain age.
they help each other out.
many aspects of the setting affected the cyclist.
the features of the setting in this essay affected the cyclist in many ways.
do you remember school projects sitting down bored and watching your stations or sitting in the doctors office waiting bored out of your mind?
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist.
we also are doing our part to destroy the environment.
lastly, using computers helps teach responsibility.
computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends.
if so, how did you go about the situation and what did you want done about it?
books deserve the chance to be enjoyed like they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is gone.
libraries need to take control and show they know how to present things to the public in a proper manner.
i went to serve my country.
sometimes they are typing the facts and also what they feel is write to say.
we could look up who was the of in the would get multiple sites on the .
this can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen.
as we were reading the book i honestly thought it was a very interesting story.
i think the author chose to end the story the way he did because it shows determination to pass the test.
this is not good because when you go outside, it helps skin health from the sunlight & lets in fresh air for your lungs.
many books, movies, and magazines are made for the different age groups of adults and children.
i do not believe that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from library shelves if they are found offensive.
avoiding something helps you to not read them or think about them.
everything from check out isles at the grocery store to coffee makers at home are being upgraded all the time.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on society.
more than of are overweight and unhealthy.
he is also effected by the things that come with the change in terrain.
:you have nothing except your laptop.
how she ended it to me was good.
songs today hint at sexual activities.
so why do some people think computers have a negative effect on people?
meant that if know about people and places different than use, do not have to be afraid of anything.
for instance; she states over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
if there was twenty different books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please.
so by reading the excerpt based on the poverty and struggles his family faced makes you grow for them.
if i were the principal of my school, i would make it a very good school.
the heat gives the cyclist another obstacle to overcome in his struggling to get to the next town for water.
not only having a chance to be killed of dehydration or being ran over.
advertisement many be make-believe, but it has to stay.
a computer is a very helpful resource.
in some ways, censorship is necessary and in other ways, some people just want attention.
next, he came to a shed desperate for water only to find rusty pumps with tainted, unsafe water.
another example, is paragraph ten.
so everyone i strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers.
most younger kids these days are starting to listen to the fast rap music.
after school hours, a lot of teenagers in our community enjoy going to the library.
finally they help people to keep in touch and meet knew people.
if a librarian finds something offensive, he or she not ever put that book on the shelf in fear of children finding the material.
being censored is not protecting anyone it only makes things worse.
going to the library for a book on your report would consume extra time.
i think all things should not be judged by assumption.
as humans, they need contact with the outside world.
the computer is not evil - quite the opposite!
you can help us by taking all of the bad words and offensive words of the books, movies, and magazines.
the people who fight for what they believe in would need a lawyer.
but that does not mean that i spend my whole life on it like others.
most of your day should not be on the computer.
they are useful to every one.
online for the games make it even more fun thus it make them lazier.
this is just an example of unneeded information and skills that keeps people wanting to go back on the computer.
i understand the idea of warning labels, but i feel that censorship is too far.
this is also a thing that yet children have the ability to read about.
no matter what your opinion on issue is, there will always be someone who opposes of it.
because there were no towns on the road it made it very difficult for him to find water which led him into a dehydrated state.
dear local newspaper, i think using a computer has become bad influence on modern society.
i hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people.
also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way.
the unique quality of a person can be developed with the help of a good hobby.
is thankful that he got the opportunity to grow up in such a great house and community.
but i still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause.
he had no water during some of the trip and lost all hope.
i am writing this article about using the computer more than an hour.
there are not a lot of songs in the world that do not involve language, drugs, or sexual content in it.
this memoir describes how grew up and his meaning of family.
some people on the other side of the river heard our voices and they jumped into the river.
people should maintain a right to choose which books he or she want to read.
with a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them.
this could help you lead competition, thus, making you more money.
he is a master of his subject.
why do people go to libraries?
i think the area where the most offensive things are, are movies.
this could lead to not only the religious books being banned, but anything that strays from the social norms.
it also a symbol of her constant blossoming.
disks and listen to music and watch films.when you use a
the moon is called a satellite as it rotates
it because of the pines that caused the road, and the cool feel of the river.
with the sun beating on his back and the emptiness of the road he might have begin to want to turn back.
the computers we use in society do not harm us in any way!
he is clever at studies.
after along to more hows of playing.
many websites also are adept at donating money while playing a game.
all of these resources that kids can find that has this kinda of material in it can be found in libraries.
its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities.
observation when i look at kids in community playing is that they follow one another .
someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to illustrate the true meaning of the hibiscus.
for example, a book about slavery could be offensive to a white man, but a black man would consider it to be about his history.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
when they are not busy they should go upstairs and check and see if there are any young children up there.
i have a friend name , and she is a computer addict.
well, you be right but also wrong.
first of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise.
writing a paragraph essay takes to long, so use your computer to help you out.
back then, i guess i only read them because i had nothing better to do, which is horrible because you should read books because you want to.
computers are essential to our culture.
in the state of , about of people have a laptop or a computer in their home.
everyone gets offended.
the next group that censorship within a school system affects is the school system itself.
computers are an amazing way to meat new pol online.
however, you should not ban books because we have the freedom to choose what we read.
no matter what type of book it is, it still tells us a story of another place and another time.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message.
computers are great for everything.
i also use the computer often.
tired of running around your house to find you car bill from three months ago?
its amazing how easy it is to talk with other people with the computer.
this program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes.
and you hear the crime rates go up.
the two reasons he wrote this conclusion paragraph is to give the ending a hopeful tone and relate the objects she sees to the spring.
nature is a beautiful thing.
he wears a simple life.
there is a great rush in the school library.
these are the main points from paragraphs and .
they provide us with valuable research, entertainment, and cold hard facts.
computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people.
it all depends on the situation where this material is distributed in.
the can talk to other the world.
computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym.
removing certain information from a library would be biased to whatever group believes in that knowledge.
this is what i think should happen if they have books that they think is too offensive to people.
computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them.
clearly, this is a great benefit.
there are thousands of websites that have chat places and are online chat rooms.
there are many people on the computer and if must be stopped.
and those were for specific examples of how the mood created by the author was very happy and appreciative in the memoir.
another way the mood of family is portrayed is the size of the house.
i mean, every time you hit that on switch, you and the computer become attached.
that shows that the geese were kind of like her they were moving to a different place to start a new.
i sat under a shady tree.
so again i say no to computers.
many books would be gone?
the question is, should we limit or rule out certain subjects in libraries?
if a child happen to see cursing in a magazine at the library and their parents got mad that was in the magazine.
buying the flower helps her with her troubles.
i feel this way being that lack of email skills, no exercising, and its addicting.
it also might change who you are as a person.
i know our school library here at has always had problems with getting books back and not paying late fees.
a personal experience i have was one day friend and i were going to go to the library to get a book for our history report.
on the subject, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation.
computers can help people learn about news in the world, places and people.
as you can see i believe computers help people and society greatly.
these are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way.
books are vital to learning things.
it is a very negative effect.
lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends.
my opinion is that, i think that people spend a lot of time for good reasons.
no matter what, someone is offended or upset over something.
interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer.
and your an learn a lot from computer!!
dear , i think computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons.
the author could have had many reasons to conclude the story with this paragraph.
computers makes it so copier with so many pictures editing and many more, editing pictures from a expensive digital it for free on your computer?
does this mean anything to you?
it is understandable that some people are offended by the materials showcased in libraries because a library is a place for everyone.
i sure would and i think most other people would as well.
their is international , , and much more in the palm of your hand.
yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc, should be voted upon the citizens to be removed from shelves.
there are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people.
computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made.
in these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy towers.
even though i explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more.
computers can be very helpful to many people.
if they were each given the right to remove the book that offended them, what would be left to read?
despite the racism going on in the places around them, his parents were able to bring people together by being welcoming, helpful, and friendly.
the setting it the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit in three ways.
people need more time to interact with their family.
all my friends were also invited.i was very happy to see them.
his endurance is being tested because it is going for tolerance energy and will power to climb each individual hill.
you can also learn many things you never knew from using a computer.
however, libraries are not forced to keep this content in their libraries across the globe.
it help a little, but there are still going to be people who get offended so easily.
there for, computers cause health issues.
then you should have to be at least years of age to check it out.
most people would answer yes to the question because anything that a person reads, watches, or listens to be found offensive or crude to someone else.
from personal experience i can back this statement up with books i have read going through my school career.
computers could help us learn by searching up research for a paper or even expanding our general knowledge.
the lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways.
they could make a section for adults that includes books that are not censored.
he was looking at a magazine out of library.
i think that when old enough, they should be able to read books and listen to music that might be offensive.
these condition make is hard for the cycled it gives him a challenge.
in fact, of must teens do so.
they read them at school and get them somehow from their friends.
no one deserves to be offered the damaging violence of uncensored books, and music
to start with, the terrain of the road turned from flat bumpy which caused the cyclist to have an easy trip.
everyone has the right to read any book they want to.
would you want to know something about?
subjects like history, geography, and social sciences can be better learned through traveling.
therefore they are held accountable for their actions.
this quotation the author recognizes that his parents faced many hardships, and praises them by showing his admiration.
you will be able to make more friends and better friends.
without air, our planet would be lifeless.
people find ways to make themselves promises & to remind them of their old home.
in the memoir, the author also tells about his extreme thankfulness towards his parents.
a computer has made the life of a school student so much easier.
music is used for many different ways.
my first hobby is gardening.
computers are the future.
when the road starts to get bumpy and uneven, it causes him to exhaust his water supply even faster.
nobody can force you to do anything of that nature.
mostly in these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life.
although many disagree with the use of computers, there hand - eye, communications, and learning purposes are very important.
most of the housewives observe it and they dont like to kill rats.
the mood in this memoir is very happy and uplifting.
however, i do not believe they should be removed.
when she is more stable in the culture, get still has a firm grasp of her own, then she will be ready.
this is how setting affects cyclists
more than half the time, they heard that language from their parents.
my and my have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are.
of people agree that computers make life less complicated.
some people who finds things offensive are maybe looking at it in the wrong way.
if you have a computer around your house you should not be bored because there is many things you can be doing or even learning!
there should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history.
computers give you access to talking with your friends.
same type of censorship that video stores have is a perfect way to place censorship in a library.
there at that time made dehydration a bigger risk.
call someone a fool, we compare him to a donkey is not so foolish as we think.
its easy, type in what city you want to work in, and there you go.
they would get lost and not know how to read a map.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
one of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time.
there is really no reason for them to looking at it at all.
these places are called oases.
then also sex ed books need to be in the library so people can read about it and not just go with what other people say.
without the freedom of press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown.
they caused him to become tired and weak and to lose his determination, as well.
if they offend me then oh well that is my issue to deal with.
the number one problem of the is obesity.
must stop the madness men.
i for example have learned so much from.
people are wanting to know why there is so much killing and hate in the world today.
she applied for the clubs and groups, and she started getting behind in school.
a lot of the old plays were very sexual and many people find them offensive today.
for example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish.
other people think that this is a great idea to use a lot of computer and spend more on it then their families.
i think high school students are smart enough to choose their own books.
do you find that to be fair to our rights?
computers give negative effects on people, for example, lose eye sight, interacting with strangers online and lack of outdoor exercise.
they will they fall into a depression.
so the computer actually helped with real life activities.
i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state this quote proves the dehydration of the rider.
my final reason that computers hurt us more than they help is addiction.
and some of the stuff now needs to be taking off of the shelves, but not everything
as there are bad things there are also good that come from magazine.
so with the sun comes more heat.
i felt it was a waist of money, but when saw her light delights for i it with love as well.
dear newspaper, i read an article in the paper debating whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
he does grate in school too.
animals can get in the way like this snake did for the cyclist.
this is show when he says.
in all that i hope that i made a good point and hope you feel the same way.
if i could, there would be things i would censor, but not in books.
lastly, you can see pictures of your family.
i will take that test again, this is the test that she had failed that day.
i enjoy every genre of music and books.
computers are very helpful in many of ways.
involves you playing games that help you , and tests when you are ready to take them.
another reason why i believe we should have no say in what items libraries hold is this.
well some features might have more than others and the cyclist might have more than others.
first of all, computers are a benefit to society because they have the ability to and teach teach us what seems like infinite information.
what happens when are forced out into the real world and cant really do anything?
that statement tells me that the author feels well he is inside his home or inside a home with his family members.
too many books are about drugs, sex, or pregnancy.
we will get our education online.
this makes travel to and from school much easier.
i could go on and on, on so many more things that computers do for us, but there are not enough pages.
making purchases is fun though.
this kind of stuff needs to be open to everybody no matter the age.
this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful.
music also helps you look into your creativity which means you want to do more things such as dance, sing, or some even start to paint.
of coarse, every library has books that cover all kinds of topics.
one of the most common but overlooked examples is the what the loved ones of people who die serving our country go through.
who knows what is in store for me?
then because of the setting.
there are many sources for information, offensive or not, and a library is just one of them.
another the directions where way off so he had longer to go then he thought.
this hope at the end of the story helps put the reader at ease when they wonder what might happen next.
what you look and keep the little kid with you in the house.
they do not think before doing a thing.
but, if you went online and searched , you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more.
another reason computers can be useful is because they help people keep in touch with modern life.
do i think offensive reading materials should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
if you had a family member far away, this could be a good way to talk to them.
she took offense to that?
the fact that he had little water left is demonstrated in the statement, the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
the author uses this paragraph to conclude her story to show that there was thought & a process gone through where she was learning & growing.
these event would stay in her memory.
they have forget a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
thanks to computer also i learned that has one of the in the .
action, strategy, puzzles, and many more.
in the they are struggling as implied by the mothers reaction at the cost.
this is the mood that i think this author created.
for example, what if you came from another country.
they gives us inspiration, and help us pull through life with the thoughts expressed in them.
they placed the offerings of sweets in front of the goddess.
learning about different cultures can teach us many things.
you can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on .
computers inform people about important news.
the computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form.
but really if you think about it, its all selfish to take away material someone else wants to learn about.
everything is made with the help of machines.
with the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday.
now is the time to take action but making more clubs or activities to people.
reading is one of the major sources of inspiration for students to grow and prosper.
some experts say this is a bad thing and that we should spend more time outdoors.
someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them.
the setting how includes a large picture of a young boy drinking a refreshing glass of juice.
censorship is a terrible practice masquerading as a boon.
its not fair to the author.
soon the time is over.
they can have a really good meaning behind it.
no more stories will be here to entertain us, but the ones memorized.
the bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes.
if you like to play video games.
the features of the setting including vast emptiness, hills, heat, and no water all create obstacles for the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit.
college is important because it has a big role in our life so we earn great jobs.
being an author, who has the right to freedom of speech, story plots become to have endless combinations.
until they reach an age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best.
lastly, computers inhibit people from interacting with family and friends.
another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world.
hello , you think computers are having a great effect on people?
now by making the choice to remove all this stuff would be smart, and make things better for everyone
for example i read an article about the and the the next day my teachers gave us a pop quiz on that and i got .
this new , video chat, , etc.
coming from a teenager, offensive books, magazines and movies should be removed from a local library.
as it is, adding a computer into the mix just makes it worse.
i see many worse things on the than i read in books.
her mom seems to be bothered by every action or choice of her daughters.
he also runs out of water, which nearly dooms him.
another example would be the time i went to the library to write a research paper about the human body systems.
i actually do believe that they should be able to be removed from the shelf.
certain materials should not be view by younger children.
the man is in jail now and the book was removed from shelves.
this also shows that she thinks with more time to get used to her new home that she will be able to pass the test.
is happy his parents moved to and is grateful of the sacrifices they had to make do do it.
dear local newspaper, people are talking about computers and what it does to us.
put books and movies together, books and movies together, books and movies together, and so on.
if you need information on anything you can search it.
family members always around, visiting frequently for dinner.
all he sees the entire journey is a flat rode and dirt.
also, the terrain was bad.
another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature.
with knowledge people can make new innovations and create and spread new ideas to help make the world better.
my parents are doing this to protect me and i agree with their decision.
dear newspaper, computers!
he was going to try to find some where to stop so he could pick up more water but there was nothing around.
computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems.
i was once that little kid who opened the wrong book, at the wrong time.
it is important that only people are allowed to see material that is appropriate for them
most jobs need the internet to work like architects need the computer to design buildings and houses.
there are a lot of racism being thrown around in books and songs and magazines but nobody takes that away.
like for example rap music.
sometimes the offending nature of a novel is what makes it good.
censorship of anything makes a child more immature.
it is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book.
i hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party i just type them up, taking less than five minutes.
studies show that ninety percent of that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none.
look around, are their little children around.
that is why i think computers are necessary.
a library should definitely not want that bad gossip to go around town about how bad that specific library is.
therefore, i believe ho end winter hibiscus, to go along with her idea of overcoming obstacles.
the setting affects the narrator both physically and mentally.
depriving them of how there use to be slave owners, slaves, and racial comments?
she believes that since it is winter and the hibiscus is not budding, that cannot pass the test until it is.
first of all computers have caused to not exercise and become unhealthy.
if people are so offended then they should just stay away from the books that the certain author writes.
its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer.
what does everyone else think though?
censorship is where things are sheltered from the the light of day.
therefore people need computers so they can keep in touch with their families.
in other words, why should other people decide what is most pleasant for us to watch?
why spend hundreds or on a tool that is not even necessary?
there were about fifty passengers who were traveling with us.
of every period, volumes can be written on what man wanted to know and how he learned.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents showing him to love cooking.
computers improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also!
i believe that everyone should be free to read, listen or watch what they choose to.
the times we have oppressed people, the terms we used so commonly we attempt to hide now.
but would you ever think that it would be taken off of shelves because of one word that was used in it?
if censorship in libraries actually happened, many authors say forget it and not even right anymore.
and make everyday tasks simple.
items by using my coconut shell, trunk or husk.
in this memoir gives a grateful feeling.
, communication is a vital part using computers.
everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there.
this is where a problem occurs.
learning is natural to humans yet we always try to fight it.
let the parents set the limit for their children and it makes life simpler.
so i say we as in the citizens need to watch out on how we put stuff out there that the kids can get a hold of.
in the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspapers.
we need to break those habits of going back to the computer.
while computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you.
i learn stuff from the computer, and it is a fun thing to go on.
aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways.
to me, it seems like the setting and the weather were the perfect combination for doing much more harm than good.
addiction is a serious matter.
if this is the case then just ignore it.
throughout his journey, the protagonist in the story encounters obstacles in the setting.
the cyclist was drinking a lot of water throughout the story and ends up only having little water left.
when people bought his records in the , they had to be covered or placed in brown papered bags.
the features in the setting, affected the cyclist in many ways.
he was freaking out.
for one, there are many sites out there that portray false information.
new machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing.
it is illegal to censor any publication such as books, magazines, music or movies.
the author generally stayed in one mood.
i think it shows that the author not only had family in a nice house, but in the neighborhood as well.
they welcomed visitors.
they started this home with three children in their small house.
so the only person at full.
inspiring stories reach from one person to another in books, music, and movies; i believe things like that help shape us into who we are today.
last reason is i know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier.
did you know what they are over one million of these kinds of websites?
now that she has this hibiscus flower, which adapts to the cold weather magnificently, she can adjust to her new life in the united states.
as a conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can hurt your life in many ways.
why should they be removed if they offend a lot of people?
people are not going outside as much anymore.
if so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability.
i do not think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves.
it builds the tone and mood of the story or character.
google search places to learn about.
computers are best all around helpful.
he had a number of dogs, cats, birds, hares, tortoises, ponies, etc.
i believe the current way materials are censored and removed works, and should continue.
this things should be pulled.
should libraries remove offensive reading material?
for example, if you are a student you need to do a project.
she never spends time with her family or friends.
this could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes.
these two factors will cause major stress in you daily life.
i think that using computer is fine.
notice that have a right to free speech and not a right to free speech so long as no one is offended.
rappers curse and swear in their music because it is how they voice their opinions and personal experiences.
'i mean who would want to let the world know that they used the bathroom on themselves'.
see, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed.
the heat had made it only a trip for his inner soul to survive.
also he talked about him might getting a heatstroke.
people depend on them a lot but same people disagree.
getting viruses are not cool you have to wait a week or so before they fix it.
you can type a paper or news article on the computer.
my family used to spend a lot time together, but because the computer i never get to do anything with my family now.
often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web.
they benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people.
mango is a palatable fruit.
people need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day.
independence is what we are or what we assume to have or already have.
never once have i ever been outside and relaxed besides when i got on and off the bus for school.
in the story winter hibiscus by ho.
therefore, computers are a benefit to society.
the second reason is the computer help you in your house for example: you have the big problem with your car or something like that.
you might not know it hut all the communications in the world need a .
i feel the computers one or important aspect of our lives.
do you want to have a smarter world?
the setting of the authors shortcut effected his performance and strength tremendously .
in the hands of man.
lastly, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.
it could also help save our planet by saving the energy.
my last opinion is if we have computer.
going over all those hills can really tire someone out.
you gotta admit, although you would like your kids to have freedom, all of them are responsible enough to handle .
computers are so much easier to use than books.
he loves all kids who come to him.
if you do not like what is being discussed, do not read or watch it.
dear, local newspaper writer i believe that computers benefit our society because we could connect to people more faster and easier.
freedom of speech, freedom of ideas, freedom of thought.
this might not even work, but its worth a try!
eventually, i came to ask my dad about a certain part of the book.
being on the for a while is not a waste of time.
also, another way that would help stop offensive viewing is parents looking at what their children are reading, watching and listening to.
most importantly will not only benefit you but will mean a lot to your family so what are you waiting for?
social network sites are good for .
these are just a few of the questions asked when referring to content in any given book, magazine, or even a song.
second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily.
so basically like i said you do anything.
a lot of the movies are adult movies ,but they do have a kid section at a lot of the libraries.
