hope you enjoyed reading all about how they affect people.
all in all ,that ending paragraph reveals these specific messages
censorship should definitely be in effect in places like public libraries where young children are bound to be.
they affected him physically because of the rough terrain and the heat because he was in a desert and in the mountains.
students do research in libraries for research projects and essays.
one reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people.
they assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple.
advances in technology are great.
my reason is less time exercising people are to busy on the computer playing games an talking to other ones.
if they are offended they can go to read some where else.
he is thankful for his parents because they gave up their life for him.
to conclude, materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive.
i believe the author ends the story with this sentence to show how she overcome obstacles emotionally and how the hibiscus plant is a sigh of hope for future.
you can to other people that are or you can just on some websites such as , , and tons more.
lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers.
also your not just siting there your moving your fingers and your using your brain.
so, if you have a computer then you can look places you want to travel to or look up cool facts about your future sport player.
if those experts took our computers, about what would happen.
you can have intelligent,and its easy and free!
some of the offensive material could be used to help students in there education.
the shocking part was that almost the whole school was reading that book.
you wont be able to see how big your family is.
ever since we were little, our young minds have been filled with opinions of others from history and from the present.
you also learn more thing about place any thing.
certain items such as magazines, and newspapers and books, some of these items are held at a public level.
dear editor of the , people say that technology is affecting everybody left and right.
you need to have a limit.
then doing homework.
i i failed the test she seemed to be embarrassed + sad.
see a message so computers interesting with friends and family.
here are my reasons why.
dear , the use of computers does not benefit our society.
its lack of water, dry air, and punishing heat are enough to kill even the hardiest creature.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
for people who find books, movies, music, or magazines at the library offensive, simply do not use them.
would you like to be on the computer and throw away your life.
but computers see it a different way.
who has forgotten about the past.
my first reason about this computers issue is it makes than not pay attention in the school.
what would the world have left if almost all books are taken off the shelf?
she knows she will have another chance next year when the geese returns and the hibiscus starts to bud.
i know for me, the internet has come in handy for school projects, or maybe something as simple as just looking up a word.
would you think that this is a public place, and everyone has their own opinions?
she means by that is everyone has their own opinion on every piece of material that hits stores and libraries.
should be censored and removed from a library if found offensive.
one important aspect in why censorship is becoming controversial is; it takes away our freedom of speech.
computers are good and benefit a lot of people in these ways.
also, they say that you can learn more about someone in minutes of playing with them then in minutes of talking with them.
the child goes to her older sister for help to find a different book.
how would the author ever achieve his or her goal if we decided to remove their hard work from the library shelves.
therefore censorship in libraries should be condemned because we are only hurting ourselves in the long run when we limit the knowledge we decide to take in
everyone has most likely seen this type of protest or attack on the opinion of another person.
one way is is shown when mentions his grand parents.
a synonym for solidarity is unity, so here the author is even saying how his neighborhood all united into one big happy neighborhood.
well from all over the world are not getting enough exercise because computers.
now think about it the second girl would start to be like the first girl sad, alone, or leaved out.
one ramshackle shed.
i can always change the radio station if i do not like what i am hearing.
it makes life so much easier without creating a place where people become lazy.
when i was young i went to the book store all the time with my mom.
once out of water he sucked on pebbles and hopped it would take your mind off of thirst.
lastly his mood towards his friends is that he treats them and considers them as his family.
it was once said ' you can not know your present without knowing your future.'
in the essay, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
some books, magazines, and movies should be removed or grouped by age.
the cyclist has no water and thinks its only a matter of time before he dies.
i think that when it becomes a threat to the they should remove material.
while computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society?
when she took that test, everything was unfamiliar to her, so she failed, but on her way back something familiar found her.
one time i was wondering what people from did to live and survive.
as i was not well, he took my brother.
anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be.
in every way, the plant is in the same circumstances as main character and the last paragraph is used to link them.
he takes the letters and other circulars from the principal to the teachers.
a computer can be used for educational purposes also.
my opinion on the effects computer have on people.
out of all of the stuff in the world someone is going to find something offensive to them or other people.
if they are in our libraries, how can teachers and administration keep us from it during school?
the reader also leans that she failed a test and feels at of place.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
i do not believe that censorship in libraries is a good thing.
well i cant wait to see how the results turn out!!
a great example of this is the series.
if a child wants to read an inappropriate book, the librarian will most likely discourage him or her not to read it.
of our children play video games .
i also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book.
others not but, they still will be able to see them in there own way.
i do not think kids should do this because it might affect their health and how other think of them.
for example, my friend stay on the computer more than hours.
with computer you will be able to talk to your friends cant talk on the phone.
often times, a student can look at his or her own morals and values, which is a good thing.
if you have never played this before, when you sign in, it does some tests and determines the age of your body.
my father is a policeman.
the settings affect the cyclist in more than one way.
the a very detailed book and has many great facts in it, but many people find it offensive because it says had a wife and had children.
we play different games in the playground.the laboratories are well-equipped.
i felt like i was right their with her!
dear , in many ways computers have been very useful to the human rare.
people should have a minimal amount of time of minutes each day and then get some exercise.
certain books, magazines or even music contains mature or graphic nature.
there will always be another chance, as long as you can find peace and beauty in something good.
this biker is riding in the middle of a desert on a summers day.
the library is for everyone; not just you specifically.
when he see the first comp he is overwhelmed with relief and the terrain flattens out again.
the feeling of love was easily put into the story at paragraph , when the author talked about his family.
you could also meet new people.
also every year you hear someone or them, well most of the time it is because of .
she then kept cycling and saw nothing.
welcome to the future.
there is no way to censor the universal language that music provides.
friendships are easily ruined and usually the cause of this is some kind of misunderstanding.
who wants to sit and read about other stuff that is just down right boring?
my personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing materials.
do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you.
these are reason why the society should take back the computer.
they think their is a cure for obese on the internet, but the truth is that the only cure their is by doing.
like who won the election, or who won the sports championship.
the computer cant do for you.
our public libraries should take it into their own hands, by changing their censorship.
a computer is one important in ma life if behind in some classes i could do some research and study at home and learn about it.
finally, unity is found in the mood.
they stop caring about school, sports, even their friends.
one of them was pulling her eyes back (like someone would do if they were imitating an person) because they were itchy.
he takes his own time in taking bath and getting ready.
when my dad was in search of his childhood friend he typed his name on and ended up calling him minutes later!
before had his computer had to write out all his papers and when finished spent to long writing that could not do his rest of homework.
most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers.
the short story winter hibiscus end the way it does because the narrator realizes that with simply comes a new chance or opportunity to start over a rebirth.
its a scary though because these children are our future leaders.
we all like to read them, watch them, and listen to them.
things that are offensive for some people are just fine for other people.
the story was about a girl walking home after failing her driving test and breaking down about her home where she no longer lived.
young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway.
computers allow our lives to be just as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our work done faster.
our teachers today gives us many projects and assignments to learn about new things, and a great way to research our topic than on the computer.
the removal of these things become harmful to a new generation in the long run.
not the way everyone else wants them to.
his description of his home and family gives readers a feeling of warmth and happiness.
empty is it wrong to censor?
i think that the author concludes the story with this paragraph because hes trying to prove his point.
or you can chat with complete strangers from around the world.
clearly, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting faraway friends and family members.
are for entertainment.
these books have violence and inappropriate behavior in them.
love, positive messages, influencing good, these are the types of things most people want to hear or read.
we have the right to take down the books but why should we.
computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others.
in addition to this of teachers at believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn.
but, some times it is used in the wrong way, .
in conclusion, this is how the setting affected the cyclist.
i could teach our children stuff that they are not yet ready to learn about.
those situations can all put you in a really tough place.
to do that would be to steal from community members their chance to learn.
and that maybe someday all books and pieces of literature will be able to remain on the shelves, being endlessly read by consumers
this would create a corrupt society, with a lot of fighting.
at some point, tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
they changed his hope to doubt.
when he finally reached a place to get a drink, he was finally satisfied.
well i am about to write a persuasive essay explaining what i think is best for younger children to be reading.
these books that are considered offensive to some people not be offensive to others.
ancient indian medicines prescribe cosmic colours to bring equilibrium in human cells.
she has learned that if a delicate flower like the hibiscus can make it through rough times she can too.
dear , name is and i do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society.
your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward.
there is another reason why people go to the library.
therefore, the heat is only made worse by the look of water on the cyclist path.
so my best solution for this problem is to keep those books and things out of the reach of children or have a specific age limit.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story.
he was looking at a magazine out of library.
last, he thought he saw some mirages that tells me that the climate is extreme for the cyclists.
most recent information i would have now to go find banks published recently enough carry this significant fact.
it should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can.
do we take the teacher out of the classroom?
it holds the promise of spring and better things to come with it.
she was depressed and homesick.
second remind her of her home.
students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the .
while people depend on food, they need a place for shelter.
during the cyclist bike ride the unbearable conditions changed his attitude when he firsts starts the reader can sense frustration because of the old timers and there directions.
with the new flower, she feels like shes starting over so that shes able to pass this test that seems important to her.
the rest of the would be for people to study, and read.
i usually play for a couple hours.
the geese and the hibiscus flower are a symbolic memory of her old home in which she misses very much.
its just the culture you grew up in and of mind you are in that current time and place.
next time feel the urge to update your status with something like ' got home,' call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead.
furthermore, for any given book there is at least one person who disagrees with its message.
that leaves people the choice to watch, listen, or read the things they want, and they have to know beforehand that it might offend them.
the computers can help you stay connected with them.
everyone wants to live like there dying or in other words live life to the fullest!
the earth is a member of the solar system.
it can be a phrase that an author uses or the name of a song.
we can drink water from rivers and freshwater lakes.
almost every person in the world has said or done something wrong, but they learn from it.
this is why the author wrote this memoir to thank his parents for what they did for him.
studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well.
computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book.
if libraries had to ban books because someone said that a certain book or magazine was offensive, then a library would have very few to no books.
dear local newspaper, i am writing a letter to you to explain why i think computers are not good to have.
the net came down to earth, as each pigeon left his weight to the carried by others.
what would there be left to watch?
placing these certain materials in their own section is the best way to go to benefit everyone.
almost every family has one, some people even have more than .
a majority of peoples' time is spent on the computer.
people will never leave the house and instead they are on their computer.
people have opinions; people disagree.
it was to shout the , so my family had no way to.
it can cause health problems and even problems in general.
sure, i could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof!
thus, there should be no censorship in libraries
this is the mood that was conveyed by the author in the memoir.
his duties are very hard.
there are also websites that you can use for studying.
therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting.
people for centuries have been writing and coming up with songs, movies, and magazines.
setting depends on how you can go or move.
the children also put their self in danger by joining a few different websites.
how do you think the world would be without computers?
finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean.
these are my reasons that computers are good.
computers also help kids spell better.
he ended up being an online predator.
and ' did they let my child check that out?'
when you are writing a paper for an class.
well, i do.
libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this.
the censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries.
so now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?
i know i love reading sports magazines because i am a very true sports fan and sports are very important to me other than school.
no matter how much your teacher explains to you, just seems like there are speaking another language?
also with no water he could pass out & get dehydrated.
i have the morals and the mind to choose for myself is good or bad.
there is always that one person out of the bunch who has something negative to say.
love because his parents loved him and each other very much, and they cared about what they did and their family.
i had a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer.
my first reason is that computers hurt your eyes after a long time sitting at them.
the sunny hot weather will affect his will to ride.
these are good standard that keep the youth from seeing what they are not yet ready for.
come on this is !
libraries should present a wide variety of books, movies, etc.
because of this, libraries should allow authors to speak their minds.
my last opinion is if we have computer.
this could lead to not only the religious books being banned, but anything that strays from the social norms.
if think that books etc are offensive they will just have to deal with it.
the mood of the memoir is love.
allows someone to talk to another person using the computer.
honestly, careful consideration must be taken before the decision is made to ban a book or to leave it on shelves.
statistics show that the average obese child spends their free time on a computer.
also you can waist lots of energy to.
the author concludes this story with the paragraph because she is proving how something from a memory can make someone determined.
hi my name is i have a couple topics that i would like to talk to you about.
so what do you think, should this be such a law.
right now she be sad and scary, but she knows that things will work out, and she will be fine.
every single book, magazine,movie and music needs to be left alone.
in libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be.
well, i honestly think that at least two or three people should comment on it being inappropriate or offensive, before it is actually taken off the shelf.
people should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer.
i personally think that people should not spend so much time on the computer.
the main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
no of course not!
because of the excessive heat, he needed more water, which shortly became the conflict of this story.
there were times when tumbleweeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
everybody thought he was crazy and got angry at his thinking.
for example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments.
by doing this you actually improve the bone between you and that person.
i know people like to think that they know everything there is to know just because they have their own ways and thoughts.
writing is a form of expression.
yes, all parents do not care about what their child reads, so this could happen.
when someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors.
be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds.
i believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet.
is not the only person this has happened to.
if you have to do a project over something like food and cant use a computer, magazines are a great way to get good pictures.
the internet, however has made it quick and easy to talk to people online.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of he setting affect how the author feels.
later on when the cyclist reaches the rough terrain, he starts feeling exhaustion as he depletes his water supply.
this also includes music, movies, and magazines.
was blessed that he had his house.
now the internet for a person to such to find facts relating to their topic.
if they saw their own work in a library being censored it would be very offensive to them.
they believe that these generations are relying too much on computers and not spending enough time exercising outside or socializing.
web chatting is a way to video people.
trying to control our lives as if it was your own provokes kids to rebel even more when the chance arises.
they could also find interesting things to see in that country.
in such a diverse community it is impossible to remove any book off the shelf.
about the same time, the bus reached my stop.
besides speed, computers also give you another great thing, communication.
i believe we have a choice to either except or deny those offensive ideas in our head.
this can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work.
they hypnotize the young children and adults.
do you really think need computers to live?
one of the biggest problems that the author faced in his essay was his surroundings.
a computer offers no face to face interaction.
the author ended with this paragraph because it is an example of how everything gets a fresh start in the spring.
part of why something should come off of a shelf depends on who is going to be reading it or listening to it.
even doing chores around the house could bring down the obesity rate a lot more then sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day.
secondly, going on the computer constantly can cause health problems.
this is affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends.
therefore, whats around us affect us as in education, friendship, and survival.
a speech on the doctor.
computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet.
i believe that the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
we all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and little puppies.
another thing the computer helps with is people with bad handwriting.
people can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans.
there is several book in the library that young children should read.
and that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of .
any question you can be asked on the internet and you will get an answer.
secondly, the cyclist believed that the old men had given him a safe path to follow but instead he came across a ridiculously large snake.
this is useful for families who life a good distance from each other.
lastly, computers make life less stressful.
dear , i am writing to you because of the concern of people that have computers.
in all aspects, these books could be considered a waste of my life.
that book has gotten sold faster than the movies.
so go outside and explore you will never know what you will find.
when you have a computer you can get influenced by other musicians to create music.
many songs and movies tell you that being beautiful is on the outside.
authors have the right to write whatever they want.
also, people should be intelligent enough to look into whatever item they are checking out before hand so they can be aware of the offensive material.
you are given technology, advantage so why not use it?
there are so many things that effect our opinions.
the heat of the weather and lack of water makes the cyclist develop an uncaring matter.
if they enjoy one thing, another person might not.
so let everyone read what they want when they want.
say thank god for dead soldiers and god hates the army.
he not only made the thing but also strove for perfection.
the mood created by the author was a very unique one.
people have the right to things that they enjoy.
the author described the love of his family throughout this memoir and his friends also.
you can send them all emails in under a few minutes.
people in can talk with people in .
dear local newspaper, technology is a ever evolving thing and more and more people are using it.
after an hour of searching i decided on one.
for example, the war in , or more recently, the and earthquakes.
dear staff, are computers helpful to us regularly?
he also tells them about the countries where those fruits come.
in the world today there are always a good and a bad song that is the same.
three, there is a better way to solve this problem
just because a majority does not like the topic of the work does not mean that the minority should have the book taken away from them.
everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves.
so then you and your family would grow apart.
books are so very important to us and our world.
every place that he passed by was a new experienced for life.
finally he reaches a bait shop and his water and refills his water and promised to stick to the map in the future.
as i was reading the book, it said some very mean and offensive things about the people.
that is a problem that the one person or group of people will have to live with.
we need to filter out the bad and put new in for our younger kids.
with my own experience, i know these cannot be a worse kind.
she is a strong young woman and is determined to overcome this.
he ran out quickly.
there are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more.
it would help me in getting admission in a good university.
dear local newspaper, are several reason how computers have effect on people.
censorship in libraries takes away from individual freedom every day.
i find them very fascinating and i love to see what my life could be like if the outcomes of those would have been different.
or put the books some people find offensive in there own area.
why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer?
when an author is writing, setting the mood is really important.
these dangers effect every user and their families.
they will do anything to understand it.
he will get dehydrated.
has your son or daughter been on the computer with great has been over?
how would we be any different if we did it.
i say music should not be as big of an issue because music you do not see like you do books.
an ideal student should complete his home-work.
i urge you to go out and meet new people and not on the internet.
people can look at information faster than ever with this device.
almost everybody was looking out and watching rain every now and then.
it is wonderful experience.
the setting effects the cyclist in many ways.
whether you see nothing around.
first computers allow you to talk online with friends and family.
the readers can learn from mistakes made in the past.
everyone should get a large variety
all you have to do is search your destination and pictures and info will come up so you can make the right choice.
if the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well.
the subject of so many debates over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children.
first off, computers are an easy way to have a universe of information at your fingertips.
if you have a report to do on of faraway place instead of looking through you can look on the internet for information.
i do agree that books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves.
in conclusion, the world has become absorbed in the unrealistic fantasies racy books and magazines provide.
we are also taught how to correctly cite and research work.
but she failed setting if there on time.
was being question about his birth certificate.
the second most important mood was loving.
they can relate to all different kinds of people.
if it is possible to have two moods, then this memoir does.
there was nowhere for him to find water for miles.
the best thing to do is to keep it on the shelves.
first of all he ran out of water because of the heat.
also, kids come home from school and upload their essay and continue to type it.
now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up.
the mood created by the author in the was both loving and .
the cyclist then came to a huge hill and, using his last bit of energy, rode down.
dear , in the the world has changed so much, for the better.
some people on the other side of the river heard our voices and they jumped into the river.
[pg. ]
this is a common scenario.
but every one is created the same so treat people the way you wont to be treated.
selfishness also leads to evil.
book and magazine should be read and not just sit and be displayed.
my second reason would be that computers are useful in studies.
we have stooped to the level of installing offensive materials in libraries where anyone can check them out.
i think having a variety of topics will help expand different thoughts and make the readers of the material see things in a different way.
life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up.
if you wanted learn about other places besides the one you live in you could find it on the computer.
we also have choices at a library.
i have learned a lot from old books to new books.
since it is getting close to winter the geese are going south.
which side would you choose?
lastly, everyone enjoys different book themes.
with out his life is impossible.
another one was to explore and go on a hike to see what is out there and just have a good time.
that is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating.
you are probably wandering how this is and think that i am insane but there are legitimate reasons.
we all know that not everything is okay for certain age groups to read, see, or listen to.
we know this by looking back at the text.
as more & more people log on to technology, they seem to come out with new things for computers.
inspiring stories reach from one person to another in books, music, and movies; i believe things like that help shape us into who we are today.
where everyone helps everyone and everyone is treated fairly and with respect.
unless everyone in the whole world thought that a book was offensive, it should be able to remain open to the public.
because libraries are considered public places, their materials are considered public property.
i agree with the newspaper, people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercising.
have you seen protests arouse before you?
some of the books can get pretty nasty and terrible with all of the things they say.
movies is to popcorn as music is to headphones.
the second reason why i think using a computer is good is because some jobs you have to apply by computer.
he has to remain on duty in the hospital.
going to the library is always a struggle when someone is faced with so many different genres of books.
for instance, when arriving at the first town, the author calls it your average ghost town but continues on with confidence.
people have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting.
the story ends with that line because draws strength from the hibiscus, so next time she will not fail the test.
in my opinion, they should not censor books.
as a result, many are suffering from various physical and mental disorders.
there are a couple books that i did not approve of, myself, but i know that it has connected with a child some where in the world.
traveling on footboards is very common.
dear you know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines.
there are multiple solutions to the problem.
do you think books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
that is how the author sets the mood.
maybe you should go out and something fun with that person.
quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures, you race down the hallway to a different section.
in conclusion, this is why computers are very important to have.
it is as if the sun were taunting him, telling him that he cant make it.
this game is right now the most played game on the in this .
we cannot allow our lives to be taken over by censorship.
the might be so more this lands.
also if they have nervous parents, the library could get some calls.
we live with many different people and we need to understand that not everyone is going to have the same views on life that we do.
he thinks that he is going to die of dehydration and the birds are going to pick him apart.
if someone does not stop the harsh comments, then it never stop.
when he saw the building he was relived but when he found out it was abandoned he was sad.
the world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned.
in conclusion i think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is a positive effect.
we have the choice to pick what we read and listen to.
people will always be offended.
i have seen some great movies but i have also see some bad ones too.
i think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed.
she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home.
we learned a lot of information.
my family also uses the computer, to order.
also the heat contributed plenty and it was there the whole time.
i would improve the academic performance of all the students.
in less than , blacks children walked out of the room yelling curse words at the top of their lungs.
people spend way to long on the computer.
of the most popular website for watching videos on you tube.
from what i know.
it is the first thing that we look for every morning.
the next time you are in the library looking for a book ask your self one question is it to offensive to be important.
for example you can practice typing up essays and other work projects.
all in all, there is no need to remove materials from a library because many people have different interests.
soon i was fully drenched.
the crockery is kept neatly on the shelves.
other than things that people find offensive.
i can only hope that if i ever become a cyclist, i never have to endure this kind of situation.
the title of the magazine was superstar.
if everyone was to ban one book they found offensive, the world would be without any books and become quite dull.
too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities.
the computer is just there.
the setting which is a desert in the summer affects the cyclist.
i believe that we should be able to see what ever we want.
i hope after reading this you will agree with my position.
you can find movies anywhere, but some believe that you can only find the really good and old movies at the library.
he reaches for his duty at right time.
to ignore leaves you in fear.
books, music and movies are all important, specially to kids.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists in a big way because roads had bottles in then that could have caused him to get really hurt.
others have different ideas.
millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers.
that all changed when my mother discovered .
you log on to your many accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends & start researching for your project.
i know thought they were buying a pair of boots.
i believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly.
that will be the kids will get fat and kids will never want to go out side they will want to play video games, eat junk food.
help us to became someone important in life.
is much more beneficial than learning how to type, or talking to your friends.
when i got down stairs she told me i had to write it so i got a because she could not read what i wrote.
next is talk about being born in a simple house and that way mood there to.
or a movie or music that you see and the content from them shocks you and makes you that they bleep those word.
it is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy.
those , are over weight or obese.
there is no rule that says you have to get a certain kind of music.
last but not least, you have to watch out for your health.
from out of our libraries for being offensive, where would we draw the line between offensive and not?
far as the music i agree with music at libraries, because many people listen to different type of music.
another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them.
i rushed for rescue.
many people want censorship not just in libraries but in many aspects of life.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
also most talkative skills will help kids today with there confidence.
the rough terrain was next causing the cyclist to work even harder to cycle.
television will block out things such as language, nudity, alcohol, drugs, and things of that nature.
the setting affected him emotionally as well.
people are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer.
to finish with this shows she will try season after season just like geese come back every year.
in the story it says, i toiled on.
need to cheer up and go outside and play sports.
communication plays an important role for a civilization or society.
people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients.
everyone in this world is different and we all like different things.
i am proud of my friend.
the water was very hot and tasted very nasty.
without a computer in my opinion things would be a lot more stressful.
soon he is out of water and very tired and he believes he will die soon.
like go to the moon!
what happens when are forced out into the real world and cant really do anything?
stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes.
are still with me?
moreover, the children were bound to destroy these things in no time.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she wants to try again.
the four pillars of religion-truth, purity, mercy and charity-stood firm in all the world.
they have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles.
or another question is, ' did they let my child check that out?'
also the cyclist suffers the pain a difficulty of having to drive on, over and down rough terrain.
everywhere i go, there always seems to be something, small or big, that can be considered offensive.
my brother is in and every day i get on the computer when i get home and video chat with him.
no it does not because it actually helps us.
nowadays, children can look on the shelves of libraries and find any type of reading you can imagine.
another way was when he hit a fork in the road.
the inspirational stories in books have inspired millions to achieve more then they thought possible.
the main characters job as a fireman is not to put out fires, but to set books on fire that encourage people to think.
many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
some things be considered inappropriate as many things are, but at the same time each person has their own limits to this.
this can cause great tension or sorrow in families.
gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries.
this could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes.
like all the trees, flowers, wild life animals too.
it could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers.
thank you for taking the time to read my opinion.
those are some reasons why the mood of the memoir is grateful.
said the book explained what guys wanted.
they do & whatever time they have left they chat with friends.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer at home?
magazines also have words or images in them that someone could take the wrong way.
but this is not possible without hard work.
if a librarian finds something offensive, he or she not ever put that book on the shelf in fear of children finding the material.
one that had the greatest impact was that it was dry and hot, and that the terrain was very rough in the desert.
a little while back a magazine took pictures of a girl and tried to expose her, this is just wrong.
how ironic, it is an abandoned juice factory.
they are useful because they tell us about the world.
lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games.
how will we handle a major natural disaster?
others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising.
he described this with sentences like rattled around the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
he thought he was let down.
all of the flowers reminded her home country.
just think of everything you are taking away from other people, do you really want to be that heartless?
dear local newspaper editor, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea.
many people complain to the when they come in the libraries.
dear editor, computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race.
considering this, the apps are very useful.
i know you think its taking away real social time but it really is improving the community.
this is another reasons why computers a good.
some computers have programs that teach you how to type.
i reached jaipur one hour late.
lets be honest we all had a favorite book when we were little or as we grew up.
the weather can effect if it is rain or weather the road are messed up he could get a flat.
so basically its a waste of money.
in the story it said.
and the some i believe that child in the
finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the reasons above, computers are very helpful to people all around the world.
the last thing we need in our society is fighting.
this makes life easier for many people.
do i think materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the book shelve if they found offensive?
in conclusion there were many things that affected the cyclist.
in conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more.
this is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves.
it has came to my realization to find that many people would live long, lives if they could not internet will friend.
as the sun’s rays are so strong we cannot watch them
know being safe is important.
lastly family and friends.
when the gone was about to start, the looked into the crowd for his dad.
when parents read these things today they feel these items are inappropriate versus when they were teenagers they felt it was appropriate.
people or not agree with this, but everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
most reference books are out of date and information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently, you have all the facts all the time.
i joined in and we chatted until .
something offensive like a cuss word is not going to keep someone from finding the meaning of the book.
my parents tried to shield me from the bad news and creeps in society.
the author does this as a symbol of hope for the reader.
if a teacher finds a book which they think is appropriate, parents should respect the decision of this teacher.
teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family.
several main features include the cars lading town.
when girls look at a model in a magazine they try and be just like the model.
it was making very sexual references and had many curse words in it.
in this memoir the mood created by the author is gratefulness, happiness and unity.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show determination and hope.
mutual cooperation in students and sports and games raises the standard of a boarder.
you take away an era of history just because you find it offensive?
also the internet is used to just have fun.
and in his eyes, his whole community was one big family.
flat land is much easier for a cyclist to pedal on.
this would help you because at age people are dependent on computers!
while the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position.
this is why i support the computer.
our librarian is also very helpful.
every single person has the right to be heard.
, the people agree with what stated.
', i can think of books and magazines that i would never want any child to look at, especially at a young age.
however, it is difficult for these curious people to extend their strive for knowledge, if they have restrictions as to what they can read or study.
someone else is probably writing this essay with the total opposite response to this prompt.
to read and watch or listen other media is a great way to learn about things other than what is in our back yard.
these are the features that affected the cyclist
in my own opinion, computers are great addition to our world.
they play it so much and it can mess up the and they can not focus in school.
the setting contributes to the story by raising the intensity of the situation.
in my opinion the computer was on of the best inventions made.
every one’s work is no one’s responsibility.
can you spend countless hours on a computer?
even kids who go to school need to use the internet of the computer for something like a project or homework.
lastly, there are predator online.
movies are just like books but for young children it is easier to visualize a movie rather then a book.
the library should be a place that consist of love, peace and harmony.
for a long happy life.
they get to live in a house then .
most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not.
think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites.
hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know.
you would hardly ever get bored!
computers are very fun.
he had no negative comment about his parents or the way he grew up.
to start, computers are loaded with viruses, scams and internet predators.
parents if they see this should take the magazine away from them if it is not what they approve.
in conclusion, personally i do not think censorship is necessary in libraries.
if we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool!
for example science.
how can you tell when someone is of a mature age?
even though slavery was a big thing they still did not want any of the younger people to have it.
( ) these were the moods the author expressed in the memoir.
music that is bad should be taken off the shelf.
at times people do not close the taps properly.
i specially grow in the coastal part.
first off computers can bring people together.
so, computers betters society in many different ways.
this would help students with reports, along with any other person who is trying to find some extra information they might not know about a topic.
then, hills came into play which makes you more tired and thirsty.
more and more people using computer is a good thing.
there are many website on the internet that teach kids to type.
i love to play basketball outside.
aside from being a great source of communication, computers are fantastic for searching and research.
a recent study showed that of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet.
the author loves everything about this neighborhood.
dear newspaper , i think, in my opinion, that computers benefit to society greatly.
as you can see computers do benefit the society.
can kill you!
from my own experience, i used to stay up late for hours using websites such as because everyone else was using it.
therefore, they inspire us.
the words that my family considers offensive be different then what other families consider offensive.
also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there.
therefore everyone should have an ambition.
they also showed him the value of being selfless for someone you love.
she flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really and a pervert.
movies are also the same, making it harder for younger children to see certain movies.
the narration states, a large high way sign jumped out at me.
the narration says not like the kind we had ].
you will miss out on exercising, nature and especially family and friends.
earth has many things to offer, new things to explore and discover.
getting rid of that is just another loss of information.
with computers, you can search all the latest stories and find things cut when you want to know them.
libraries are serious places and should be treated as such.
but some people are against it, like me.
different types of books explain different types of things.
computers allow now of communication between friends.
the computer screen is straining their eyes horribly & for the people who are on the computer - hours a day are pretty much sending their eyes to blindness.
the people who make the censorship laws should be pleased that young people actually want to read.
did you know that of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online.
there is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology.
this place have been a striving spell but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of ghost down.
with this in mind i should not be able to pick a book and open it to find sexual dialog.
going online can give you so many opportunities for anything.
how much easier could it get?
i disagree with that.
dear local newspaper, out of students at say that they spend most of their time on the computer.
i understand that some books be offensive to some people, but do not read it if you take it to offense.
better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk.
obesity is of the biggest problems in the and is growing bigger everyday.
movies are a big concern.
you can playing games with people from ground the world.
one reason we use computers is for pleasure.
she felt that life was full of hope again.
trees are also very necessary for having good rainfall.
ten year old children are still just babies!
see what happens.
if you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude.
more family time can be but i think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercising.
its like a new way to be home schooled.
for example using email, and video chat for example i have a friend who moved away and now we email back and forth to keep in touch.
the mood in the memoir is grateful.
people have not realized the need to exercise more often.
get some exercise.
we are able the express any and everything we can in whatever it is that we do in movies.
there is a direct connection between the lack communication at home for teens & computer usage.
education is the most important thing you need in your life.
instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them.
the features of the settings effect the cyclist by obstacles in the settings.
for example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about .
to see the movie.
so give them time limits.
finally, computers are a resource when researching for projects, reports, homework, or anything else that requires information to complete.
with a computer these are some things that you will be able to do.
computers have gone from the size of a room to twelve inch flat screen monitors.
of course, not every kid is going to have the same experience i did.
the mood created in this memoir is happy and warm.
the librarians, or a national book association, could decide if the content of a book is appropriate for a certain age.
dear paper, name is and i am writing this letter on the count of the computer issue.
so i think computers are a huge benefit.
you just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life.
another reasons i would like you to hear is less time exercising.
however, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this?
(paragraph ).
all of these reason is why i think the has good effects on people.
several times in the story, the cyclists says that he is tired and dehydrated, at one point he thinks he is going to die of heatstroke.
not everyone gets offended by the same things, or the same material.
you can swim, jump, or play sports.
in conclusion, offensive materials should remain in libraries .
you can play games with people from around the world.
dear newspaper, have you ever stopped to think what modern day technology brought us?
then my family bought me a computer, was so nice using the online dictionary.
people have classes online they go to mothers that are single that have kids for example, they get their diplomas and degrees of the computer online.
it is fun and easy to learn on a computer.
as, you can see a computer is so helpful and is a great resource.
i know that many people pay their bills online.
even though some people not take offense to any type of , you have to think about the parents.
we place ourselves in an environment that is specifically created to make us comfortable with the responsibilities of maturity.
if these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of will not need for everything to be censored.
if they think that a book is offensive they go past it and find a different book to .
a way you can find out with your family come from is use a website to find where your family comes from.
they get the cramps form typing to fast, hard and too long.
in fact computers help us out a lot.
so how can people still think computers are good?
books are our best companions as we never feel alone in the company of books.
just think a sales person for instance.
people would rather have computers to look up things instead of not knowing that much about something at all.
if someone wants to read it i think they have right to because it is their own choice.
this hurts them in the long run.
books use words to display important parts of a story and our history.
so instead i just jumped on my computer but not really jump on but any way so i went on the and guess what!
most families however, do have computers.
although if the book is voted to stay in the library, i believe the book should be labeled in the correct area.
have you ever researched anything using a computer?
dear newspaper , i am writing this letter on behalf of all the busy people in our country.
all you have to do is make a word document, and type with the keys.
i remember the first time i tried to use the it difficult but as i tried more i got better.
but a public library, is for the public.
finally, computers handy because they telephone.
this is the reason for the author to conclude his story like he does.
dear , in my opinion i think we should use computers.
this means that the cyclist must conserve water so he can stay hydrated for the trip.
now a days out of people are over weight or obese.
they are the test of learning.
now, more families only spend time with each other when they eat dinner together.
when you play basketball, you can catch the ball and still throw it if you have good coordination.
so as you can see computers have many wonderful effects on people.
the topic of censorship in schools is also a very sensitive one, especially with younger kids.
so the next time you see something that is offensive just put it back and move on
in the memoir the mood created the author in the memoir.
, in my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living.
my answer is no, for the reasons i have listed above.
before going to bed at night, we should always thank god for everything he has given to us.
music is something everyone can relate to.
so the lion is called the kind of the forest.
not only do people interact bu people can research useful information.
movies are censored due to language and content, which i get, but actually removing them from our libraries should not happen.
the library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination.
present age is an age of advertisement and hoardings.
do you think that censorship is a good thing or a bad thing?
the geese always come back when the seasons change.
dear : some people believe computers benefit society.
i think that there should be no censoring of libraries.
libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction.
computers are very helpful machines that increase productivity daily.
this not only helps physically, but it helps mentally too.
have a question that you have to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone?
get up and get outside!
in my point of view strongly believe that it could have been form working at the some sandy desert for seeds a long period of time.
it is definitely a great idea to stick those materials in the section.
so school went by the bell rang it was time to go.
after they had first moved to the they had a child and that really shows how much unity came into play.
knowledge is gained by asking, searching and learning.
people do have a reason to read books that are offensive.
one great option that computers have is the option to communicate with others.
the constitutional concept of equality of man plays into the situation as well.
libraries should take surveys of what everyone wants.
the author created several different moods in this memoir.
a majority of offensive problems spawning from music come from the genre of rap.
i do not agree on censorship in our world.
lastly, they allow people to communicate quickly by an email or an .
the author show that no matter if your rich or poor, you can still have a closely knit family.
the censorship start out as a small intervention, but it could turn our nation upside down.
it makes sense that we need all sorts of books to learn from.
in the memoir written by the author created a mood, that shines throughout the story.
it is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to enjoy reading.
just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time.
everyone has different taste, we wont ever agree on anything.
other websites like this are and of people in have an account on one of these websites.
the internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
they can keep in touch by using webcam and etc.
the author concluded the story with that because she is saying that when the year starts off and starts over, that she will too.
aforementioned, obesity is issue.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
censorship is when a person or organization in authority does not allow people to see things that they believe are inappropriate.
for example when teenagers read about people doing drugs that could influence them to engage in those type of activities as well.
the author decides to conclude the story with that because she wants the moral of the story to be burnt in your head.
in the end, the setting helped him to safely feel the hope deep inside of him.
if the parents started to censor these materials early on this debate would not be going on as it is.
there are a lot of websites that are educational things on the computer are worth having.
also if a person finds that information, they were most likely looking for it.
first the setting does not look like what the cyclist has been told it lacks like.
if your tired of being home, then just go on the internet.
an online poll was put out on which asked how people regularly talk to friends, or family.
another example of his gratitude towards his parents is on paragraph .
that leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock.
these books are all made for a reason and have there own purpose on why they are put there.
the last point i will be touching on this discussion is the loss of money that some of the schools have due to damaged books and stolen property.
i am proud of my dream.
more people should be out exercising.
there are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn.
i am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers.
yes it cause time away from family, but you can easily say goodbye to the friend and talk to them later.
typing and surfing the web be exciting; however, is it worth the risks that there are now?
people need to communicate through computer a lot.
they were to type quicker that they could before.
also, people will be happier because they enjoy travel.
dear , experts are concerned about the use of computers.
therefore i think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize.
a drama was staged.
teachers use the libraries for many different things.
the author now had a solid thing to remind her of home.
that way she gets hope from both.
in school students are observed to see how well or if there coordination is being developed.
is very grateful throughout the memoir.
so, now do computers help people learn more about our earth?
the author creates a feel of happiness and gratefulness throughout the story.
i know that when my library had a series of books that i found interesting that i was back in there after i finished each one.
this shows a bad mood affected by the features of the setting.
they have three fins and a beautiful tail.
another example of why the author concludes the story with this is because it sums up all the parts covered in the story.
my misery came to an end.
people have a right to do what they want.
the should never be allowed to decide what the public views.
adventure games, shooting games multiple player games, and more!
movies are enjoyable and you can also relate to some movies in your own way.
if we make a to spend this than on computers i think we can reduce this obesity amount and i believe ran as on overall country.
with the comfort of nature, she feels she can pass the test next year.
it can increase their education, give them entertainment, and even help out on their job, or help them find a job.
they should not have to think that way going to a library.
so now that you read this i hope i got my point out to you, about what a computer can do to you in the end.
make us feel uncool.
with computers over in level is just a click (and or screen) away.
that is why the author concludes that statement.
but you can highlight the important.
i think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work.
if people did not have a library, they not be able to research a paper, or something else, that they need to get finished.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
to whom it concern: the idea of censoring books, music, movies, or anything else from libraries or from the public eye is very offensive.
i think there needs to be some kind of organization set up to go around and help censor libraries.
we need to write up and appreciate with the .
we get up to the front and i turn in the bad magazine that had found.
dear , in a recent poll it was determined that of have used or come in contact with computers.
he came up to places that were worn down and deserted, so he knew he was alone if anything happened.
and if we got rid of all the more mature books what kind of books would all of us more mature kids and people have to read.
therefore, materials such as books, music, movies and magazines should never be removed from public places.
if few people disapprove of a particular material, the book remains in most shelves uncensored.
we as people have the right to learn, read, and expand our minds in whatever way we see right for us.
its impossible to type an essay without a computer.
we were outside every single day, even if we were just staring into the clouds.
just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place.
another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material, which is very understandable.
a computer can also make signs for a business or business cards.
finally, online predators are a great threat to teens.
it is so much easier to do that then look for books that has all the facts you need.
it was talking jokes about black people.
people just have to learn how to not use foul language when not needed.
as you know, when you use a computer you usually sit in a chair to do so, correct?
this could help the people avoid such things.
with censorship one can not fully express there self or opinion.
dear newspaper, you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
could there really be too much information?
as one can see the computer is bringing more and more families together.
learning about different cultures can teach us many things.
the terrain has a great deal to do with it.
we need to something about these computers.
music is a major part of each one of our lives, and without it the world would be a much different place.
dear , i believe that computers are one of the most useful things that we can have.
they were all friends and had a good bond.
second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids.
if the reader does not like the book they are able to close it.
i believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online.
the internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast.
that whole paragraph really gave me a good feeling, and i could tell the mood was always a happy one considering all the festivities.
parents on the other hand also help out their children and they also talk to their relatives or these looking for a new home or job.
a convenient way to do this was by using a computer.
how is that fare to others who might like it.
it opened my eyes to see how great it is to reacts your own goals.
as , we are entitled to both freedom of speech and freedom of the press.
and they make writing a lot easier.
she goes to the store and buys her meat from the freezer section.
the things that people will read in books or magazines and see in movies is nothing compared to what they will see in the real world.
that way anyone could go in the room and listen to whatever kind of music they want, no questions asked.
his report card is unbelievable.
another bad thing about , or is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a meeting place where they can be kidnapped.
one specific type of person does not go to the library.
the desert effects the cyclist real bad.
you can search up different information over the internet.
dear local newspaper, i believe the computer does have positive perks, but it also has negative perks.
so things that might help one person, offend other.
books are the world to most people and without them those people would not know what to do with their lives.
now if you organize your thoughts on the computer, and are able to look through them again at why a huge alleviated.
friends & family start to know who you are less because you can' see emotion through a computer.
i disagree that certain material, books,movies, or magazines should be removed that are offensive to some from the shelves of libraries.
computers help us learn and communicate.
this quote helps show that the hibiscus is being planted now, but come spring it will have changed color and have bloomed.
thank you, editor, for considering my side on the positive effects computers have on the world.
the lion can be seen in asian and african forests.
all work is noble.
the next thing would be to have all the movies, magazines, and music in the categories of adult, kids, and teenagers too.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
lives can be saved.
so why not use it?
now a days mango fruits are very expensive.
this is said ??
why take away what they like in not what you like.
she often wonders when she will be able to go back to it and enjoy herself, because she still has trouble adjusting to her new life.
he later runs out of water, and becomes hopeless.
he held the boy tight and swam to safety.
the parts were the mood was very happy was probably parts that he could remember the most with detail.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
have you ever read a book half way through and questioned why you are reading it?
they want to know about the place they are going to and they want it to be current.
now and day people are using social networking sites like and to talk with people far away.
the computer to most people i know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones.
so if you put all of that together.
most people have matured over the years about what happened in the past.
when dies on the side of the cliff by when he launches the huge rock over board.
computers benefit people all over the world.
i feel like as though its on that person whether they choose to read or listen to the material or not.
this is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas.
this is a quick and easy fix.
but computers can do anything!
you can do two things, you can panic and let everyone down, you can go or the internet and save.
many people do this in their spare time to try and set up a reunion with people that you know in middle school through college.
i think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others.
technology is continuing to grow, and it is becoming to impact our lives more and more each day.
computers these days, are used in the wrong ways, by the wrong people.
my third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on.
computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped.
by using computers we could read online and conserve paper!
if you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up.
information is open to those that search for it, and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results.
also, it would be good if you double check your information because it could be fake.
one of my examples of why i disagree is because they give a person the ability to talk to someone.
even then students get tired quick and get out of breathe because they are lazy and always on the computer.
very many people are just too protective.
my friend, when he was little, would play outside for hours and hours at a time.
if we were to take down all of the movies that are offensive to a person all the movies would be taken off.
you be outside, you will not think about the computer because you will be enjoying so much.
but then in other more serious issues that the censor has deemed not suitable for a certain audience, or even to a whole country.
did you ever miss the newest episode of your favorite show?
, of people in the world use computers one time in their lives.
also, it is keen that libraries divide up the different resources into separate sections for children, young adults, and adults.
say if you were years old and when computers come out you bought one and went on it every day instead of being fit.
we never know who is actually right or wrong about topic.
how could they!?
our library has books almost on all subjects.
the author wants to emphasize that the story is not yet over.
so go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are positive.
the school can have a bad image from the students.
also, social networking sites help families keep in touch.
work data and they help of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company.
he almost had a heat stroke a few times.
many people play these because; people can friends.
there are many different opinions in modern society and due to the differences in beliefs and ideas, at times people will disagree.
this maker you dodge bricks and can greatly improves reaction time as well.
therefore, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air.
you never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to get you.
a library is a place where anyone can go to find information on something, find an interesting read, or just relax.
negative things in books or magazines or anywhere should be removed for good.
these are some of the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
actually that made the author scared that maybe he was all alone in the desert with ghost town.
did you know that in a recent poll in the , of use computers everyday?
so, library material should be a choice
many books offend people because they are not in agreement with their morals or beliefs.
computers are good were ever you go, it can look up for a project for school.
of kids that spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for test.
if libraries were to start censoring what materials they put on the shelf, i believe many people would be upset.
and violence has a bad effect on children and teenagers.
we also have a pair of lungs which help us to breathe.
now, do i thing that the books should be not given to students who are very young of age?
this means that friendship will wont see each other if they spend all day on the mental health when they turn on the computer.
computer can deprive you of the nature that surrounds you.
i went on about how my dad would not care if i bought this game.
you must learn to deal with .
computers have a of knowledge and more is added everyday.
scary movies can make children have nightmares.
light instrumental music was being played.
my second reason is doing homework.
you can buy plan tickets.
home as well as neighborhood was a place of unity and caring for one another like a family.
he went through dead towns in his search for water and found an old well pump with extremely hot water, that tasted like battery acid.
the author concludes the ending statement to show that she will not stop trying to achieve her goal.
although, there are other things that can be found in the library as well.
some people believe that some of the books, magazines, and music in libraries are too vulgar and obscene.
well, i !
so please take the violence off the shelf
like for example rap music.
there are games on websites.
i believe that drugs, alcohol, and curse words have a big influence on kids these days.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist because it is a dessert.
my doll is a beautiful teddy – bear.
the had to make room for other books.
the bright lights of the screen make your eyes unclear state say more people lose eyesight from looking of a computer than they would by staring at a light.
his description of this home is very soothing to me because it just has a happy background and his talk so highly of.
everyone has a book they have read that does that to them.
but using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct.
the going down the hill part was probably easy but the fact that he had no water left was not a good thing.
, the mood of this memoir is defining the love of his family.
the computer gives us all the things we need.
i strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier.
this reminds me of my cousin .
a lot of people do not like to hear curse words or see them.
if everyone were to take a book they did not like off the shelf then there would be a little selection at the libraries.
and now being in middle school we use websites like online for up to date reliable information.
kids these day need to learn more about other cultures.
the answer is simple.
if you can ban my words, then i can ban yours and we have both lost our voice and our chance at somehow brightening the future.
for ant book you can find some bad thing about it.
on his new computer can do all his projects and homework on .
and i am right!!
the features of the setting that affect the cyclist are the lack of water, out of date information, and rolling hills.
if something goes against those, people will be offended, and if enough people are upset, it gets taken away
parenthesis are used five times in this writing, as well as five words with dashes.
i have seen a countless number of movies and listen to a countless number of songs that were offensive.
my second reason is, you can stay fit while being on the computer.
all of us have rights, all of us have the same chance to express what we feel, think or believe.
if a little kid saw that stuff then they would learn bad things.
they should write back, convey their message and try to win support, not control.
get out and get some fresh air.
call me crazy, but this way seems quicker more efficient and reliable.
as you can see, offensive materials should not be in libraries.
it should be remembered that it is the responsibility to censor materials for their children.
learned a lot in this house and is very happy for that.
the computer have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person.
you should go hangout outside.
it could help gain knowledge, meet new people or make you gain weight and have a lack of social skills.
the charmer was a middle-aged man.
go ahead get the explicit version of that rap song or sometimes it might already be bad enough.
their was no way i could find out way the was killing the people over in that town.
with the advent of social media, we now have thriving communities of people that want their voice to be heard, and people are listening.
you could probably find one in a common household.
to have independence, you are the one in control.
also she likes the geese and the hibiscus and these things might make her feel more comfortable.
because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity.
being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people.
she is showing optimism toward the spring and is willing to face a challenge.
best friend is , and all of his cousins live in .
if you removed offensive material from libraries then i guess you would have to shut down the internet as well.
it would not have something little children would want.
we can be a conqueror if we learn more and more from our teachers and books.
they are also very convenient and easy to use, in mu opinion.
censorship in libraries will always be changing.
it is also good for improving memory.
there are so many wrong things out in the world that you can never do right by.
if a certain book offends you then you ' have to .
the topic of library censoring has been discussed and debated at increasing rates over that past years.
there are the reasons for why i believe you should go for the cause of computers.
she will take the test a second time and pass.
the internet offers virtual tours of places like the of even places can be explored without stepping foot out of your house.
the books are arranged in almirahs.
i have been to the library many times, none of which have i ever seen anything offensive.
taking that away is very serious.
that is the fault of the parents.
computers organize data by keeping documents in different files computers also have valuable programs that could help you in your career.
they help you write essays, grades, charts ex.
although with internet, i can talk to my family whenever i want!
so many teens read that book and found it interesting.
most jobs in our world need the computer for something or other.
their entire neighborhood, one big family, survived and thrived on little.
traveling to , or even under water.
i hope you will agree with me and my thoughts about computers.
or how small they are still small.
not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same.
a recent study shows that out of families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time.
everyday we have choices.
books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge.
that is unfair & possibly unconstitutional.
but i thought it was great how he never gave up ???
their library card would show their age, and the worker would not allow them to check out the work if they were too young.
this leads to my next paragraph.
whatever you do just get off your computer and go outside or the gym for exercise!
now, me and my friend can stay in touch and can you!
in conclusion, i do not believe that things such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from library shelves anywhere.
from my data that i have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad.
the is a strong person and had a lot of good and bad moods in the memoir.
instead of eating dinner at the computer, go out to dinner as a family.
these features made dehydration a more keen possibility.
that would just be a big to anybody who decides to pick it up and read it.
that sums it up on.
many people think email is a waste of time, but can help you in your everyday life.
our learning, our beliefs, and our freedom of speech are too important to just give up to censorship.
should some material be taken off the shelves all because of it offending someone else?
getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore.
people who spend to much time on the computer, would barely understand whats going on.
it talks about how they will never forget the memories and how generous their parents where.
this really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book.
computers also allow people to talk to each other via the .
i went to bed late and was fast asleep.
cell phone prices would go through the roof.
how to make this noble dream possible in the present day unrest?
alcohol is the same way.
the kids have that right to learn our very own history and some people want to take that away.
many libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves.
secondly, students can listen to music.
in addition, computers give us the power to learn about faraway places.
many people all over go to libraries for many different reasons.
an orange tree grows big as the mango tree.
people like joking around with others.
no matter who you are or what you believe, there will be some topics that you find offensive.
that is my first reason why computers have a positive way on people.
this bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need.
i agree with kids and adults not having time enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
so the heat gone drive you insane and make you thirty and you have a bite.
with graph making software, you can easily plug in the data you have collected and the computer will do the rest.
when she sees the flower and goes to find it at a shop she is overwhelmed by this small reminder of her old home.
all of which make the qualities of a good family life.
if you needed to look up information for a project without a computer, you would have to drive all the way to the library and buy a book.
you can choose whether you want that censorship or not.
in my computers class.
there are dozens practical for computers but nowadays, many people, especially children, are using computers excessively.
the character decides when nature is symbolically reborn and renewed she will start again just like nature.
as was previously stated, once every person pulls what they deem should not be on shelves, the library will be but a building without books.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
why should they take them off the shelves?
the author concludes the last paragraph to show that after a time period you can come back and try something again.
if you speak out against a powerful figure, you go to jail.
what a waist money.
kids think that the computers will teach you everything well there wrong because things on the computer can be made up.
most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places.
another reason that it is family is because that is what he felt every one was to him.
my second reason is kid might have to look important things up.
if one person found my favorite book offensive i would not want it taken off the shelves completely.
this time could be used by doing more important things such as being with friends and family, being outside with nature or exercising.
he is excited for his ride and ready to accomplish it.
eventually everybody will come in contact with almost everything that is mentioned in books at some point in there life.
i believe that libraries should remove materials that are offensive.
there are a variety of applications that you choose from, and they are all easy to use.
but then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things.
also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends.
these children share what they have with their friends, and these other children start doing the same things.
, you have an idea of how the author will play out the story and how the character really feels.
there is no perfect society.
both teachers and students have benefited.
even protective parents allow their children to view movies like this as long as they find it appropriate.
i say those people are !
how are we encouraging this if we are removing materials from their grasp?
native plants of her home.
now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars!
the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car.
he ran to a wayside boutique.
also, once the author had got into the hills he had lost a lot of his energy so peddling up his was a lot of work.
by seeing or hearing something that comes off very offensive will tend to bring confusion to the library.
so i believe that people should get of the computer and exercise.
more over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person.
using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone.
it helps with communicating with other people.
why not just go see your friend of typing all day?
but, online learning sessions can be time consuming.
the computer is you friend.
are the words .
the extreme heat just makes everything worse.
computers can also help people communicate with each other.
we just have to raise them the best we can.
your friends be offended by your favorite movie or show.
this memoir sounds almost cozy, in some ways.
could it be to much of a good thing?
within a school corporation the environment changes, and the rules must be changed as well.
if the plant was strong it would not be quivering.
we should all respect authors and what they put into their books.
but there are so many people who love to see technology advance, that they want movies to change.
i used my computer not only did i get my information quickly.
bad off yes, i do think think they should be removed if they are bad.
as a student i know they help me with school and communicating with my friends and relatives.
they called her she because, she took the blame for her father walking out of her life.
music is another good way to express yourself.
not all use an email, some use instant messaging.
did you know that at least an hour exercise is needed everyday?
the speaker is implying that it is so hot outside that he could faint from a heatstroke which could slow him down.
in conclusion, the three reasons; , the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computer.
well, according to over billion people use a computer worldwide.
you cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers!
if libraries censored every book that might offend someone else, then there would not be any books left for anyone to read.
the last thing needs is more kids becoming fat!!
i know for a fact that every kid dreams of a place that they would love to visit.
but on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right.
however i do not think that the books, magazines, etc.
most literally, the fact that the setting was unknown to the cyclist affected his confusion.
the most apparent is musical instruments.
he even put pebbles in his mouth to suck on so he would be able to keep his mind off water.
you can even communication with friends.
did you knew a person should be be outside for at least minutes to get there vitamin .
materials that are found offensive should not be taken off the shelve.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
it is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb
these are reason why computer could be a good devices.
you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better.
in libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there.
the mood the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
the second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online.
for someone to make negative lyrics about a person or something says something about the person who made that song.
please read on to read in detail, as to why i feel this way.
please take my idea into consideration.
the feature of the setting greatly affect the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit.
people have to think the library is open to children and elderly.
by censoring what people read that is in a way taking away that author right to speak.
the mood that the used in the memoir was joyful and motivating at times.
in a senior high school students should have a right to read whatever type of book they please.
computers are good for society, because people use computers to talk to friends and family on , and .
these hills made it hard to go up on a bike, considering his lack of water, and the heat.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a great thing to have.
when you grow up, you learn to read about the movie, and look at the rating.
computers do not create positive benefits to society.
what would happen you could be at a hospital for a ride home for an hour longer than it should have taken.
why take away something that only a few people disagree with?
every student in my class used the computer in some way, shape, or form for their project.
children are going on the instead of doing there homework.
they have it all, if you ever need something for research or a project just go there.
this quote and this part of the quote has a touching effect to the reader.
you could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport.
i think computers help people out because you can learn about at here thing like you want a job you can look it up in the computers.
the effects that i have on computers are good.
it only takes one time to become pregnant or become addicted to drugs.
this affected the cyclist because he got very hot and thirsty.
that we do not believe should be on the market, it is likely that we would have no media anymore.
there should be no problem.
the farmer is an able person.
these excerpts really convey the of nostalgia, warmth, and thankfulness to the reader.
there are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted.
so got lost help.
one of the of statements is of speech giving people the right to say and wright what they want.
we have learned many great things from the internet.
i could drop from a heatstroke, he says.
they were wearing colorful clothes.
different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble.
with computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away.
medicine, , constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers.
so if someone gets offended with a book they should go talk to the owner let them know their concern, and try to have something done about it.
now a days nobody cares if materials are offensive, just as long as they sell.
i can tell because all they eat is junk food.
adding rough pavement, rusty water pumps, and not so friendly animals adds to the discomfort as well.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the author uses features of the setting to show the effects of the cyclist.
he explains his parents doings.
when people sit in front of a computer screen all day only getting up to grab something to eat, people will because obese.
this is not only helpful to the kids, but the parents as well.
these are only some of the many reasons computers are useful and i hope you keep using them in our community.
but some policemen are very honest and polite.
dear, computers are useful they have a negative affect on people.
chaos would ensue.
this is one of our basic needs as an individual.
you can have conversations with all your friends and family.
either way there will be angry people and people that will be bursting with joy.
is there nation television channels?
they can even monitor what your typing, which could be passwords!
boys killing themselves because .
you still have time to change your life and say no to the computers.
and lastly they are the future of our world!
this is an easy way to get around the system.
this form of technology is called the computer.
i can remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because its for her teacher and from typing.
every morning, i hear its chirping.
the features of the setting in the essay do not exceed the posted speed limit affected the cyclist in a negative way.
taking offensive articles off the shelves ruins good books for everyone else.
we develop good qualities.
most modern day businesses are run by computers.
an example of this is the school i attend, middle school.
it also showed the importance of your loved ones and how you need them in your life.
in the field, the player is not supposed to dispute the decion of the captain.
books are usually good things, although they can be very bad.
then there are people who just come into a library and steal the offensive material for themselves.
reaching out to libraries about what they put on their shelves should be of their least concern compared to what is really out there in life.
this goes back to the debate of what exactly should be censored.
computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of .
have enough rest both mentally and physically, and have a good sleep.
even though to say, people who are on the computer often are shy in person.
the factor of weather, rolling hills, and the shortage of water take a tall on him.
as people can see library there are circumstances where a book, movie, or magazine uncensored is very useful in getting information.
one very important feature is that the cyclist was in the desert.
i know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests.
the story was ended like this to show that the girl will have a new beginning.
one could hear people grumbling or cursing their fate.
so censorship is really in the eye of the beholder.
computers save time and does a lot of work.
life without books?
i feel that yes an , or school library should not contain the same content as a school library.
computers are good and bad at the same time.
well know that you probably getting tired of hearing the reasons why i think no books or any other things should get pulled off the shelf.
not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous.
do citizens have the right to remove books, magazines, and other materials from shelves because they personally do not agree with the content?
for example if the library only put out romance things, then what would the action lovers do ?
books teach us about what wrong and what is rite.
as you have seen in the media lately, many people are trying to get the book removed from schools.
however you not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library.
after about miles on the cold, his life was getting low, and he came to his second abundant place.
those are some valid points on why i believe that books, magazines, movies, and etc.
this will could be from the memories of her grandmother and the flowers that reminded her so closely of her old home.
secondly, he passes a large road sign reading rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
sohan lal is the peon of our school.
in paragraph two the author describes his childhood home with words like traditional, passionate, and congregation.
my first reason i believe computers are good to have around is.
i believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer!
also you can entertain you over long trips.
not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately.
one reason computers are having negative affect on people is because they no longer get enough exercise.
these books and other things in these libraries should not be removed from the shelves.
first, when he got to the road sign that said rough road ahead he was already low on water, but that made things much worse.
i do this training because i play baseball.
how can someone tell an author of a book that his or her writing is too graphic or too offensive?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
its just a person point of view let them be them and just stick with what you think of yourselves and in your believes.
dolphins live in oceans.
thankfully, online college courses are available.
we make the start of great things with these.
for examples my pictures of my baby cousins so people can see how their growing up.
dear , recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives.
most importantly will not only benefit you but will mean a lot to your family so what are you waiting for?
but they had faith that they would prosper.
we all want the world to be a better place so stop destroying it for our own benefits!
next, the web is also used for keeping in contact.
over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately .
a solution a new wonderful machine called.
says, ' look i was only kidding with the girl, she needs to learn how to take a joke.'
she took this plant and looked at it as a memory and a passage of time.
also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town.
with it, we can see cultural programmes.
magazines can put false information out so people will believe it.
this is because reading these books might put ideas into their heads.
overall, our society would benefit greatly if libraries removed derogatory and offensive music.
when the, hibiscus is ), she will retake the test.
having a , , or account allows you to chat with people all over the world.
this is showing that the terrain is opposing him.
that paragraph relates to every little bit of this story from the beginning to the end.
if you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse.
this means that and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and family.
they want to hear the bad language and see graphic, gory scenes.
books, movies, magazines, and music are a part of every country in the world today.
they said yes, mostly because they were so thrilled that i even wanted to read a book so challenging.
it is up to the parents and the way there kids will handle it.
as long as the music is something positive, but there are all kinds.
these things are necessities to the world.
the setting was rough.
dear , have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just a click of a button.
currently, there has been a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
i really consider leaving computers to what they do best, helping humans.
some people would find the example offensive or out of line.
one subject that be awkward to read about is sexually transmitted diseases.
they attempt to teach their children the basics: that drugs, alcohol, and smoking will corrupt their health.
i believe that she feels better because at the end of the paragraph she sounds sure of herself.
the author of this story created quite a mood in these few paragraphs.
censor them from your children, and do not get them censored from the whole world.
also there is a robot used that digs out mines which saves many lives.
i do not think that there should be censorship in libraries
this would cause the cyclist to tire out and dehydrate faster than usual.
make use of that thought i just told you.
you could do that too!
talking online will even lower your telephone bills.
overall it was a good way to conclude the paragraph.
each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner.
you want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean.
a lot of today are censored because of the content in books, music, movies, and magazines.
the cyclist was also dealing with the difficult roads.
i also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades.
not doing your school.
studies show that in the , out of people were overweight.
without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports.
so, why use them?
i decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead i got her voicemail.
they have a very positive effect on you.
the cyclist in the story is or man with a strong will.
books should not be taken off the shelves in a at any rate and movies should be looked at in the same manner.
it is a great pleasure for me to see my flower garden every morning.
dear sun, i find that computers are very useful.
the victim was a person who overused the computer and frequented the internet.
i wanted to so why cant you?
but the big question is, can people find everything they desire at their local library?
the public i feel makes a big deal out of nothing.
first, the reason why i say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do.
if you were to start censoring books in libraries it could cause some problems.
they could help by giving the people choices of what is right and what is wrong.
most people try not to be overweight.
over all, the author kept the mood lively and definitely happy, although the happiness went on through difficult times like segregation.
in a library no one can judge you for your beliefs, culture, or opinions.
afterwards, she bought the to comfort her homesickness.
happened to using books and films as simple entertainment?
reading different types of literature a terrific way of learning and library shelves should be stripped of the books occupying the space.
i think computers work because it helps people with there own work.
you add a friend and you will tell you what has .
yes you could get on the internet but, it might not have what you are looking for exactly.
a college university took poll one time.
most content that some people find offensive is for adult audiences.
computers inspire people to learn and see different places and lead them to something important one day.
all of the books that were censored were meant to be enjoyed.
the weather is hot and just going through hot weather is tough enough, but giving through a desert with limited water had to be miserable.
i strongly believe we should take magazines off the shelves.
computer based video games can prepare you for real life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills.
computers are one of the most used tools on the planet.
it is clear, computers have a positive affect on people and society.
i could not get into the bus.
and then we have no books left for any of us.
many adults and children spend a lot of time on a computer every day and i think that is bad.
this can tell you if you need a jacket or a rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella.
once having that item in their grasp; they could post it on the internet and show the whole world what he or she found.
this is a very good thing.
once a person is online, there are endless amounts of site to access on that are not always trusted.
so then again, i do not believe that any person should have a right to just remove the books that are offensive to them at all.
this sets the mood too by showing everybody needs to be nice to everyone.
most computers come already installed with the necessary programs including: , , or some form of , a virus protection software, and other simple software.
it depends on the person.
during all of this i was just about five feet form the counter these guys was at.
many things on the cyclist journey affected him.
you can keep up with family members and old friends.
how will children learn about what goes on in if they are not shown?
some material be appropriate for children, but they also are all inappropriate.
words, colors and sizes can all be round on a computer all by learning.
that is the business, finding talent where it is seldom found.
computers need to be used to do most jobs in .
f was in sixth grade i needed glasses because i was addicted to computer for so long and my eyes got damaged.
the place was full of small and pretty houses.
we should not start swimming without thinking about our experience and depth of the river.
we bought tickets and then returned to the train.
on i can have up to people talk to whenever i want!
when you see things you want to do things just as the what the magazine.
we each should take proud it making the children learn better, act better, and above all make their dreams come true.
the mood is also family because when someone needed a place to stay from their family they would let them stay at their house.
it seems as if failing the driving test made her feel like she was going to fail in the new country.
and what is more restrictive to an author than to have their books banned?
or try it for themselves.
the books can be left on the shelf, if the younger kids does not bother them.
lastly, us kids need computers to type essays, prompts, or papers for each class.
this would make it hard because he is becoming dehydrated during his whole trip.
we asked our neighbors to stay with us for the night.
there are many different styles of literature and media in this world.
why on earth did they send this to a school for crying out loud.
they teach us things, entertain us, and are sometimes good pillows, but they can also be bad things.
now we can play games, go on the.
what need to is get together and unite.
some books could give them the wrong idea and encourage them to make unlawful decisions.
the children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular.
a very close family friend was very obese.
it makes me happy and proud to think that my family plays a huge part in who i am.
this is not an acceptable excuse to miss out on everything literature offers.
while i found disturbing and uncomfortable, others found interesting.
however, many people have proven that too much use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet.
without a doubt, i firmly believe that computers should be a hobby not an addiction.
and we always make time to go see our family and friends.
many people were family to them.
i alighted with a prayer that god may give him good sense.
i could not learn much on the first day.
your town have a gym, community center, or a library.
so then he sticks a few pebbles into his mouth.
this would happen we banned computers!
although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes.
it is naturally hot in the summer, but in the desert, it is twice as hot.
time is a very important factor for us.
besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial.
the mood changed near the end as well.
growing up, was the wonder of my world.
this made him less determined to reach his goal.
this is many of the reasons some materials should be banned from kids.
boat ride into the night and it was gone.
you would want the best for you child to not see, read, watch, and listen to things that are inappropriate.
second reason is that what you might think is offensive, might not be to another person.
when you get punished, it could cause you to lose something for a certain amount of .
but the problem could do with computers.
my second main reason to why using the internet is good because if your a , you can go online to check what you have for each subject.
lastly, when all else fails, you can rely on the computer to make stressful situations seem less overwhelming.
what do you do?
so what if some expert think people are spending to much time on the computer and not exercising, enjoying natures and interacting with family and friends.
i also have had a few bad reading experiences.
thank you for your time.
another reason the author chose to end the story with this paragraph is that it tells the reader that you always get another chance no matter what you do.
you just have to read into it and try to understand what she is actually saying.
second, the computer is a very fragile machine and it takes a lot of to handle.
of kids are online communicating with others.
it took me seven days to learn.
flowers bloom and trees put out new leaves.
i do admit that reading books for class is somewhat annoying at times, but it will help us in the future.
in all of these examples there could be bad language, pictures, and messages.
detective stories tend to glorify crimes.
my thirdly reason is, how to search on google or the .
the issue that is going around is computers have good effects on people or bad ones.
do we take it off the shelve and tell the sorry?
like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
so what would you do if put in this situation?
so people should not take away books, movies,and music that are bad.
dear , i was growing up in my small little neighborhood, life could not have been more simple.
so no, i believe libraries should keep all books unless it causes a big issue and many people are constantly bringing up the problem.
she is an expert in teaching.
the diversity of the world makes it rather difficult to please every person all of the time.
without being noticed.
you never get up unless you absolutely need to.
he is also trying to say that there is no way to express his emotions and love to his parents.
of course you come across a book that be offensive to someone, maybe even yourself, but it is there for a reason.
computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe.
i know i have.
when you are lack of water and energy it makes your goal more hard to complete.
with the social networking sites, everyone is receiving tons of about one another.
it should be the parent choice to what their child can look at or listen to.
you can use it for research, organization, and business matters.
i would hate to do that.
the cyclist is given almost a hopelessness as well as determination to survive as he runs out of water.
it was a warm day and he needed to stay hydrated.
remember the first book you ever read by yourself?
whether those feelings are good or bad they get them out through song.
the fragrance of the flowers filled it.
everyone has different point of view.
the computer allows me to do everything i need.
every sunday my mother cooks a tasty lunch and we all set to eat it together.
this whole memoir is trying to show readers how great it is to come from different cultures and know how to make and do different things.
he takes help from the teachers.
you can look up the weather for that time.
he takes a little rest and starts work again.
that is just to long to be on one website.
is a very happy and grateful mood.
in the present circumstances, the future of postmen is not bright.
this lowers the narrators hope of getting there quickly.
there was nothing insight for the cyclist to see.
the author chose to put this in the text since it creates a happy note to end on and give the reader happiness of knowing there is hope.
the authors mood is very grateful.
she says, its strong enough to make it through the cold month here, this winter hibiscus.
how do you take it when people come out with magazines, movies, or music that is extremely offensive to you?
all of us-myself, my father, mother, sister and younger brother clambered in the boat.
also some of the information might not even be true.
this gives you an image of what the bike rider feels physically and emotionally.
i know that i, myself like reading books, listening to music that has no limits.
now a days, material that is offensive to some is all around.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
they can help us with many things, above and beyond.
i know that if i was having trouble with sports for a long time, i would give up!
another reason is that his friends and family is all he got.
she answered yes.
are they always looking for games to play?
friend was getting very upset at this point.
so, the settings around the cyclist affected him in different ways.
whether we are learning about criminals, racism, or wars, there is always going to be one person who is against it all.
another reason why i think the author made this the last paragraph is this.
computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in.
but if your computer it gives lots of you can find information.
they are good at students too.
by your side even through your worst.
one narrator states i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated ).
we learned a lot from this fair.
so in a way the human race depends on technology, actually we do depend on technology.
the love & friendship shared with the people of his neighborhood is also shown in that same paragraph & as well as the other ones too.
all modern means of transport have made traveling very easy.
computers are every where in a schools, homes band business across a .
the computer can also be very dangerous.
i think high schools to put these books into the libraries because it might help some kids grow up and become more mature.
shopping going with you friends and family.
reading a book about drugs will only prevent things like that from happening.
books your in a library its many book that children decide to read that not be suited for their .
would you rater have your children safe with you or with some stranger?
instead of going to the library and reading through all these books to learn something, you can just go online!
but at the end it leaves off on a sadder tone of her parents leaving to make a better life.
first because she failed her test first so it takes some guts and will power to go back and even try it again.
a few months ago i was at the local library searching for the perfect book.
people always go on the computer and love that are an save, at their.
many things that involve settings can affect other things.
you can save you picture, download music, play games.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is in my opinion pure happiness and love.
some teenagers listen to bad music with cursing, vulgar language, and much more.
if we silence the author and there story or song how will we be able to view life in another persons view?
so all the people of keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology.
other material could just be blatantly inappropriate for some to have access to.
many other people use it for these reasons too.
so hopefully you can see what a bad affect computers have.
more you take books away the more the population on watching television gets higher.
people need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows and that gruesome stuff is out there.
sites like , and can can help you find friends by connecting you in a chat room to a random person, just to talk.
so this are my reasons to support my opinion.
who knows developing social skills could help you in the future.
same way with the media.
they both being determined to in places.
so in conclusion, i think it should be reader and viewer discretion when it comes to content of things as this.
also, they have educational games so learning can be both fun and educational.
after all, the materials they see, read, or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning, and for their own entertainment.
my grandpa likes a lot of music because of their rhythm and beat.
online phone you and you can also the cool them even more that have you talk to give .
everything is offensive to someone.
what do you want your children to be able to see in their public library?
love is all around this house.
those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family.
when, the ball goes right out of the parts!
so finn runs away from the custody of his father and meet another boy.
then the conditions become hot, dreadful, and maybe sticky.
we wrapped ourselves in warm clothes and set in front of the fire.
many record keeping systems are switching to computers now.
many books could teach the older generations how to leave a legacy for generations to come.
technology was made to make things easier do we should take advantage of it.
people should think about one another once in a while and not be so stuck on what they personally believe.
i believe that books, movies, and magazines should not be removed from the shelf, and that they are there for a genuine purpose.
every day they are on the computer.
also, the terrain affects the biker.
she though of how strange it was.
so if there is too much racism in a material, then that should be removed.
a library is a place for people of all ages it should not be limited to just one age group.
tumble weeds crossed his path.
censorship in libraries has gotten to strict making the next generation miss key lessons learned about life.
while this seemed a fair stance to take, the parents then took things a step further.
the author said this because the girl left everything just to come to this country and she can not fail.
in some of the reading material, one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it.
cultural books or magazines from other countries or of a certain topic can sometimes be very graphic and have language that is only appropriate for certain ages.
therefore, i believe computers have a great effect on peoples life.
computers ruined my life.
they become fat.
there are other neighbors too.
movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for.
nature is beautiful i am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals.
sure, there are some books that children should not be allowed to see due to offensive material; but why remove them completely?
so now i ask you, what do you think
then my father left me in school.
in the end his will and determination got with threw the landscape, so he could get the water he needed to finish his trip
when i was in seventh grade i had a mission to read every book i could get my hands on.
read on as i will explain in details.
here two example of why they should be remove from the shelves music and magazines.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit, affects the cyclist greatly.
people might change their mind about going to that particular library, if they find a lot of offensive things there.
examinations are not a true test of a student’s ability.
that is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college.
finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections.
i feel that if you find something to be offensive then don' read or watch it.
another factor of the setting that affected the cyclist was the terrain.
many passengers came out of the compartment.
again the settings affected the cyclist by tempting him.
clearly this is a great source to use!
the mood that takes place in this article would be sorrow, excitement, and being grateful for the parents he had.
dear , there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society.
do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found very offensive?
not all things online are like that though.
this is a hard question to ask.
i was recently assigned a project by my social studies teacher, where we got to choose my topic of community service and research it.
the author says, there was no one in sight, not a building car, or structure of any kind.
it signaled to me that they all must be happy together.
so for the student to have the book unlocked and checked they have an electronic key to unlock books for the age group they are in.
why cant it be in a library?
freedom of speech is a law and should be followed.
this is just one example of how social networks are helpful.
during the whole memoir, the designer is happy.
the people are spending way too much time and not benefiting.
i agree with those people.
or are you going to walk over to those miserable books?
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
and i know that know one whats that to happen.
music has the power to say things and communicate with and make statements that could only be made by music.
those kinds of music must be remove from any school library or any public library.
if they still have it in your library, then it should have a warning on it or be on a high shelf.
all work and no play makes jak a dull boy” is an old saying.
the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted, speed limit tells of a biking trip gone wrong.
one main problem is the cyclist has a lack of water supply.
if it offended her, then she should not read it.
the author also described their friendship with their neighbors.
but she had herself much preferred it to a big mac.
it was not very hot.
the geese come back.
they might not even test it anyways.
our librarian is a very nice lady.
this is why the author concluded that way.
let the pretty picture is about to change.
she was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students.
he falls in love with a man named and begins to have sexual relationships with of the men in his cell.
being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death.
the kids might get it but the parents could take it away and tell them they cant watch it.
now if it was a book that has been misplaced i would take it from them.
almost everything on the computer has to be read so gives a lot of practices.
all of these features cause the cyclists to take one long, tiring journey through the desert.
with this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up .
people actually need the computer for their the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world.
how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate.
think about it, how do children have access to things like that?
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because computers can help people in many ways.
that this family is filled with the most important thing needed to survive, .
to the public.
if the library were to have not kept the magazine, it never would have happened.
also, it had a rough terrain that made him doubt that he would ever get water.
they bring us information at amazing speeds.
whenever that a research is the internet.
in conclusion, this cyclist started this without enough water causing him to think that he was going to die from either heatstroke or dehydration.
eating for hours each day to not a good idea.
for example it is so hot that the cyclist does not think he is going to make it.
first by using this censorship, you might lose more customers in that store selling these such items.
computers are a waste of time because they can make you.
how great is that?
the cyclist said he had to ride over one long, crippling hill.
but as time goes on she will learn to balance the affection she feels for both her new country and homeland.
students can be encouraged to do some kind of social work during holidays.
, you can just calm down and relax.
also, it is in the desert in the west, so there is a very warm climate already.
of the recently took a survey at the , agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination.
he was very thirsty, but had to move on, looking for another water supply.
even then, things get worse.
the family spends no time together what so ever.
students, parents and everyone in between will find troubles later on because of this.
he recommends that people use their computers less computers are doing more.
like anything, computers have downsides too.
i as a student, a child and a citizen of of the united states believes that every book, should be allowed in any library.
computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned.
i think he felt like he was never going to find his way and there was no one there to help him.
this is a perfect way for communication and business.
there are, however, libraries that do not remove items due to being offensive.
again some people try to get this book banned, but it is still a wonderful literature.
and much, much more.
the settings effect the cyclist tremendously.
i vehemently believe that everyone should own this device.
either its a law or the parents have made it a rule.
for example everyday i walk the halls i over hear students talking about happen of the computer .
i can say for myself that once i log onto the computer, i might not be off for the next hours.
all we need is a little more organization.
said that of people that get a new computer spend minutes more than what time they usually spend on it.
my where you add up and subtract and divide.
nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times.
later i found that the book was incredibly offensive.
so if they spent less time on the computer they would save lots money.
some materials are and should continue to be censored, but to an extent.
books that are censored are usually the books that help ones imagination.
in large railway station there are loud speakers to announce
maybe you do not understand if you have been assigned in a certain class.
once this summer i had opportunity to go to mauritius for about a week.
some features of the setting affected the cyclist.
i saw some students walking around.
you are also going to miss out on the beauty of nature.
if you ask my opinion i would have to side with not removing certain books,movies,music,etc.
if they are in an area of the library that other people think is inappropriate for them to read, go to a different area.
you can also buy computer games for your computer.
website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country.
this can also apply to movies, magazines, music, and so on that are placed in that section.
suddenly it started raining.
it involves sacrifice of time and thoughts.
because they did pay for it and have a right to let people in society watch, read, or listen to it.
computers are growing keeping is on top.
a young girl showed her shooting skills.
well the libraries just want to make money so they do not care about offensive products.
the setting is in a dessert so he needs lets of water, which he runs low on.
the mood in this memoir was it had a nice feeling and it was a motivating story.
if the world never reported accidents, would be too much crime and terror.
well, you can continue it on , or .
this is what i think the mood is in the memoir.
this is why some people listen to other types of music and do not listen to the type of music that they find offensive.
there are those of a select few, however, who are under the paradigm that not all of this information is for all eyes.
last, that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about.
instead, they are inside on their computers.
she also mentions the geese for the same reason, but in a different way.
in a survey taken in magazines should that of people, have negative effects with computers.
you can go on sites that you on your .
then parents will have so hard time calling their kids to go eat or to go to sleep.
i just think of every movie and book as just a movie and book.
might actually have famous people accounts.
there is nowhere within sight that he can turn to for help, water, food or shelter.
we have them for breakfast in the form of cornflakes, bread, and cakes.
it gives them short cuts through life.
one of those rights is the freedom of speech, or the right to voice your opinion.
magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that i take my child to.
any question, including personal, anything, can be answered.
in the story, the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
your able to communicate with people all over the world.
what would you say if your library was censored?
parent supervision is one of the top priorities for knowing what your children read.
in fourth grade girls are required to watch a video on the topic of puberty and in fifth grade many girls begin to go through these changes themselves.
your computer can also a lot more things.
greenhouse gasses and fuel are poisoning the air and being wasted.
but mostly i have to stay back as i am the eldest.
its not up to me weather the materials should be removed from the library shelves.
he never exercises or take a break.
they make life easier.
it was a horrible experience.
as we stand in a world filled with diversity, we must move on and reflect.
based on the quote you can infer that the cyclist will ignore their advice about having the best map.
children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way.
people are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight.
it really has to depend on what the product is.
the third reason is computers allow you to talk online to people.
we had our food which we had carried with us.
which would eventually eliminate everything because there will always be at less one person who thinks something is offensive in someway, shape, or form.
another way of communication is through email.
they benefit mankind by forming alluvial soil but they also cause tremendous havoc to human life and property.
this quote shows how he really had nothing to drink at all.
the reason she said when spring comes she will take the test again symbolizes that connection of the flower to the way she lives now.
its stuff they should never even find out about.
reading that book should let you see how that child grew up.
so, the mood in this poem makes you feel like home is where the heart is.
computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more.
they are because they get start a new life over.
so young children should not be exposed to these such things because it damages there mind at a young age.
why tempt them to be someone that reflects profanity and offensiveness when they could be so much more?
over of people today have a computer.
if you go to your local library and really look at what they sell or rent out, you will then know what i am saying.
those are some the best reasons why a home computer is better than not one.
i agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising.
movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time.
he thought of them as his savior!
computers hurt society more than it helps.
if somebody wants to read about a specific topic, then they have the right to.
no more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater.
computers and technology ruin your time with your family.
so to rap up my thoughts and feelings.
i have read books that people have told me were not appropriate, and then nothing bad was in there.
so agree with me !
some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books.
we can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways.
she turned it in, and the teacher gave it back the following day.
it was the parents faith at the struggles would lead them and their children to better times drove them to endure these hard times.
you can just simply type in the word and search and then you have millions of choices to choose from.
the surroundings have little effect on him.
when shes willing and able she will take the test again with more confidence.
i think computers are great!
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the climate could be hot, the road could be bumpy, and the town could be deserted.
when he finally marched back into school, barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer.
computers also have websites and programs that can help you cannot will family and friends!
so computers can not only be unhealthy but they can be deadly.
your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out.
to sensor a book from a teenager or child is just like more of an invitation to see whats inside of it.
i bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating.
movies and books are different in many ways.
it describes a family growing and getting to love each other.
one way that he expressed this in the memoir was by saying that his man had let in other immigrants to their house.
well, you cant online scans, and some are free!
i understand that reading books with adult material such as drug abuse and sexuality can lead to experimentation but is that not life?
that is how the setting on the story affected the cyclist.
in society, no matter what the topic is, there will always be at least one person that has a problem with it.
also might not be useful.
why is it here?
in spring, the nights are cold but the days are sunny.
the communication is much easier than talking on the phone.
the features and the setting affect the cyclist a lot.
some people use their computers for business of work related.
i think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them.
there are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people.
they laugh, play and cry like we do.
it is up to them as to what they want to watch, not everybody else.
the cyclist is exhausted from all the other obstacles that the desert confronted him with; the rough terrain affected his journey since his rate was reduced.
anyone can pick a side.
they sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches.
final reason is online dating.
everyone has things that would offend them, whether they admit it or not.
in his neighborhood, all the people were friends and took care of each other when they needed help.
not everyone finds these things offensive and they should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them.
no, i do not think they should take anything off the shelf.
this has been a tricky question for years.
computers are no help to this problem.
overall, computers are letting people broaden their horizons are lock of new things.
this brings me to my next topic.
i go to school daily by bicycle.
computers can do more harm then good in a house hold.
i eased fast, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
it is a good way for people to get to know you.
that is why i think it is not right to spend all your time on the computer.
he was running out of water and his legs felt like they were going to break off.
firstly, computers can be used for research.
second, you can spend a lot more time with your family.
there are thousands upon thousands of websites; all of which can teach people different things.
they might not want to get away from the computer.
when the cyclist began his journey he was confident in succeeding.
some view the library as a place to go and learn and to express yourself and be free.
some talk about race, religion or gender.
it is when you as a individual can act like a human being.
this creates a mood of hardship and rough times.
they also use a lot of electricity.
in about two seconds you should have fantastic results.
parents should also use caution when letting your child go to the movies with friends.
he decide he was going to such on a couple of pebbles.
instead he just saw the same rusty color of dirt and the occasional snake.
continue to gain weight, families fall apart and the economy collapses, all because computers.
during my last summer vacation, i went to shimla.
when i was taking fruit and enjoying dancing, i suddenly woke up.
no, nobody wants that.
he also orders his flight tickets in his computer, to go to .
in , they celebrated her first birthdays.
who is it that chooses these items to be taken out of libraries and why should they be the only ones to say what goes and what stays?
however, in my opinion, offensive reading, viewing or listening material does not belong in libraries, to some extent.
it is up to them if they want there kid listening to or reading material like that.
this shows he loved that his parents passed on to him a love of cooking and cooking skills
families relationships are being ruined and peoples health is at steak!
also, who would want to get of their and exercise, exercising is so boring and lame.
the mood the author gave in the .
everyone has a different opinion or perspective about books.
introducing computers could mess up that fact even more.
also he thought he was going to die and that the birds were going to pick him off.
id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst,.
computers help people to make better car, light, an so on.
the age of innocence is getting younger every generation, and children are becoming conditioned to this material to an extreme point.
using the internet on a computer is much easier than going through books looking for something.
there are many things a person can do on a computer.
dear , i believe that people should be able to go on the computers and still be doing it.
she failed the grade.
so he is proud of them.
i want to sleep more.
do you want in obesity rates?
the association of reported that in of used a website and of them were in good positions.
many people ponder if computers are really beneficial.
for example, someone, by accident, stumble upon a book containing inappropriate materials.
states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing.
surprising enough a majority of the indecent language can be found in the young adult section.
kids go to the library they look for book that catch their attention.
with a computer you can organize it all.
when he finds areas that are abandoned, these are water pumps, but the liquid that comes out be water, but it tastes like battery acid.
if not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions.
another thing that he says is that even though almost everyone has a different race, everyone got along and help others out.
yet students manage to play.
there was once a time, a young lady around her early teens who wanted to check out a type of movie in which she have never saw before.
he also blames himself for listening to the old men.
how is a young girl from a small town in supposed to find out how people in live their life?
many experts, such as , say that a person can become depressed from not interacting with friends and family.
it will also save you more money.
another aspect of the environment that can have an affect on a cyclist is the climate.
all teachers should have their own website that you can get from there.
but people can also contribute at individual level by planting trees and preventing denudation of vegetable cover.
this is because they use language, pictures, music, and video.
video chatting, , and using social sites are very good ways to interact with people.
also shows things about your personal info.
at peak hours people try to board a bus whether there is any space in it or not.
people who frequent the library often pick up a book, not knowing what it holds.
the owner of the library is the adult that gets to decide what types of books or magazines he or she allows in the library, not the customers.
firstly, a mood that the author sets is warmth.
that applies to everything that could contain offensive material.
it was completely dark. '
these plants would bear beautiful
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
it is possible to adapt and try to love whats around you.
all my apprehensions came to fore.
another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right.
the use of technology is being abused!
the technology abilities help us with tasks every day.
well, i can i have and know they need and it benefits them.
when you sit at your computer working or playing instead of going out for a jog or exercise, your health degrades.
dear editor, i believe that computers are a great and fun tool.
just because some one finds them offensive.
that creates a mood of happiness and love.
books that have politically incorrect messages are in no sense better than movies that achieve the same goal.
he barely makes it to the third town to realize that the juice factory was out of business.
theirs always something to do or a place to go.
you can get things from food to cloths and toys.
when it blooms, she will have a true piece of home with her, and will be able to take the test again.
the next place was also similar.
in the evening, i play cricket in the park with my friends.
after all do we really need a computer?
someone has to find a way to fix things and in a good kind of way where people can find peace with themselves and others.
my mother says she is soon going to lay eggs.
the author might conclude the story with this because it shows that the girl had confidence that when the flower blooms she will be able to pass.
at that time i feel to embrace her.
i remind you, a library is an invaluable resource.
computers are very helpful when it comes to learning.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
all the body parts and organs work in coordination with each other.
one way to get rid of this problem is censorship, or taking a specific book out of the hands of the public.
you can learn also things on the computer.
it is was changes countries and makes them different, it gives them there own culture which we can share with each other.
the desert setting also affects the cyclist mind.
if something could be offensive, it is disposed of.
its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat.
most the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies.
the movie was full of inappropriate words, therefore i had to shut it off.
second, computers take up so much time that people are with their families.
my first example is my father.
lot about computers.
but many of us will.
now there was a time when know one knew how to read or even was a loud to read.
when people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff.
along with using their advice he faces abandoned ghost towns that they said were thriving spots.
she sit and thought is that just a little to much to ask for.
for the adults or teenagers who enjoy viewing these things, they could be in a section far away from the children.
you can argue that they be learning new things or broadening their horizons.
plus you can print thing out on a computer with a book you have to copy important down.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a coolest effect on people.
he seemed unsure and a little nervous.
some books or movies could effect the young viewers dramatically.
she would adapt just like the winter hibiscus.
but using electricity is the start.
it helps complete a number of tasks.
you can also understand about what happens when you say bad things out of the offensive books.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
who knows, maybe if he would have just went with what the map had said, he would have been fine.
many people before us went through everyday life without them.
other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer.
there be material that has racist comments.
at that point there would be no turning back.
if people find the books in the offensive, they do not have to go.
everyone sees things differently.
i have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader.
the best part is you can research anything even if its like a million miles away.
these are the reason i think computers have a bad effect on people.
this shows that this plant areas a lot to here.
next, you can find information about everyday life.
because it was hot.
these features could affect the cyclist in many ways because of the weather, temperature, loss of water, road damages and snakes.
how can you never things do.
in this memoir is expressing how thankful he is for his parents moving to to give him a better life.
is very imperative that your child does go out and have fun and get exercise because then they will just be on the computers .
the same rules apply with books and music.
the entire place was buzzing with people.
he used to weigh over pounds.
history has never been in the control of man.
life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any moment.
libraries are broken up into different sections on where to find a genre, but a young child not be aware.
hes in a beautiful setting and this affects the cyclist because hes anticipating another one.
people think that computers know everything, but the truth is that their are vary little things you can experience on a computer.
it explains how the rough road, tumbleweeds, and large snake made it hard for the cyclist to keep his balance without water.
as a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online?
dear local newspaper, in town use the computer for at least five hours each day.
or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught.
i obviously think that censorship is a good thing.
first, less people are spending time outside enjoying nature.
remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent.
now i know what your thinking what of we need to print something.
i should be free to read or watch what ever i choose to.
his memoir is all about the love for his parents and his gratitude toward them.
just because one person does not approve of a book does not mean that book should not be offered at the library.
both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then.
there was a toy train for children.
i had slight headache.
a farmer lives a simple life.
no one tells me what to wear or say, so why should anyone tell me what to read?
planing a vacation is a trough job to do, but what if that job could all take place in our sport?
peoples computers have been infected and information has been stolen leaving people helpless.
three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places, and some people work online.
everyone says family is the most important thing right?
some want to censor our libraries though that is not the best choice.
that is when i say that you just have to keep walking by and only pay attention to the materials that are for you.
the men then toss them into the raging inferno and you seem them become incinerated, lost forever.
other people sit at their and get mad or angry at .
this shows the connection between the main character and the plant.
the mood of this memoir was appreciative.
have you ever done a report on on a far away country?
first, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the .
the computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher.
recess is the best part of the school day.
they could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land.
people with work to do might never get on.
if everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social.
in conclusion always prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
one example would be our phenomenon search engine, google.
professor had this to say about how this is affecting .
then the main level or area should be teen books.
another one is about special needs, movie or book that have to deal with people putting down others that have special problems.
his parents turned their house into a home for other people as well.
home and family is the one thing all of us love.
you no if books have all the information you need for school project, or your own family history.
these things should be disposed of so our minds will be clean and the minds of future generations will be clean also.
if we limit these items we see positive results.
for example, the hibiscus represents.
when it can be an educational resource it is very helpful.
plants she had not even realized she had known but had forgotten drew her back into her childhood work.
all along the streets, in schools and sometimes even in church.
farmers need water for cultivation.
computers help you do that, using the internet.
this is a very good story to read if you are homesick and need something to push you forward.
there is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food.
as the winter starts fading away and the heat begins to intensify, people pack up their woolens.
secondly, computers make it very easy to communicate with others.
in the beginning it says, of loss so deep () and at the end it says, i will take that test again.
if people listen to this they might want to try it and end up going down a wrong path from these words that are said.
typing on a computer in leisure time is a skill that will be looked for everywhere.
if you talk to them in a long time wondering how there doing what they life.
however, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more people have begun to read.
they talked to their boss, made copies, had meetings drank coffee, and most of all they spent half of the day doing work on the computer.
a variety of people could take offense to the content this contains.
you would just sit there looking at the computer all day.
what is the first place you would go to talk to people online: .
there are many free games, like , that have endless possibilities.
when a disagreement arises, no matter what the topic, one group of people wants to basically control what everyone else can or cannot do.
the most you let your child watch is .
the government pays for the books that are purchased into the library.
therefore, the features of this essay explain how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
many children and even adults are hooked onto the computer.
the mood that is created by this story is admiration.
and are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone.
there were road lights near the towns.
some books and magazines might just have the intent to explain a type a culture and raise awareness about the subject.
computers make life easier in general and can help with all life throws at you.
it can also allow people to communicate online with others.
simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun.
my reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature.
i am not only going to say that books are most peoples main problem, but there are some movies, music,and magazines.
this is one of the many perks of owning a computer.
computers are one of the best things that has ever been made.
, he sees a building up ahead and discovers that its a walrus grape juice factory.
she will then take that test again because its a new start for her and a new beginning.
most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but i bet a great deal of it is.
talk to loved ones or family members through your computer.
the smooth flat road gave way to rolling hills, which made it harder for him to ride.
no one would no about it and we would most likely repeat the holocaust.
another problem that computers give you is being non social.
lastly, i think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a to relax.
i was able to come to this conclusion because by waiting for winter to be over to take the test again, she is giving herself time to prepare.
the author concludes this way because it refers that its not over, and even though the test was a failure, it wont be next time.
almost every thing in life offends someone in one way or another.
but the donkey is not clever as the dog and the horse.
it would really offend them!
i think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide.
another reason is because the flower blooms in spring and it never stops blooming.
are some rare examples.
people are not attracted to books that do not have a quality topic that gets them interested.
i think that computers are amazing.
could also be good at its points though.
they were an immigrants.
you can do researching, say in touch with friends and family, and do a lot with music.
books that teachers would like to give to there class to read.
i hope you consider this.
this is why a computer is a useful thing to use.
this made me smile it was so beautiful.
also people need to be doing more activities in their lives.
he just explained how he was very thankful for how his parents raised him and the lessons that his parents taught him.
please help try and help us stop this!
this adds to the mood of family because living in a small house means that a lot of the time will be spent with family.
however, they could of turned out differently if they just shut down their computers.
uploading photos to share with other family and friends.
another example, my sister gets home first thing.
if the books were meant to be read that way, then so be it.
nothing, because there is freedom of speech.
dear of the , has come to my attention that several people are concerned with the technology boom and computer overuse.
waist of there spare time on their computer.
these hot conditions made the cyclist very hot, tired, and very thirsty.
music is used for many different ways.
sister also helps me to nurse them in the evenings.
the lone biker in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit by is strongly affected by the features of the landscape.
books are an extremely important part of literature.
the computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge.
all of those things make work easier.
there would be no more libraries if people really wanted to start taking books off the shelf for being offensive.
text books, calculators, and even homework are online.
another reason why i think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone.
it is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation.
have you ever think about why teenagers are changing each day?
i have been to the library many times, whether it be by myself or with others.
in conclusion, there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials.
these are what you can use to talk to your friends at school.
you can watch all types of movies.
when people overuse the computer they can impact their education.
children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to.
we had comfortable seats near the windows.
without computers people could not learn new things.
censorship is greatly inferior to proper life lessons about morality, equality, peace, and respect.
they sit in groups of three or four.
because he is in the desert on a long bike ride, he is dehydrated.
computers are positive and they can help you when you are stuck or need to look something up.
i think that knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that, everyone is going to enjoy different things at different levels.
how could they talk in front of the teacher!
the features of the setting greatly effected the cyclist.
allow the adults to censor what should be censored in their families
when it is turned away, it is the night time.
there was a little boy, at the age of nine or ten it looked liked to me, but he had two movies in his hand.
in conclusion i temperatures where level and it was flat land he could go further with less water supply.
i also went and tried to help her.
another thing computers are used i for as learning.
just as in basketball, when you train your hand to track the bounce of the ball without you needing the need to catch it.
if the books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves about this subject then those people would not be able to learn more about those kinds of subjects.
everyone feels that one book or another if offensive to them and if we take away those books we will have nothing left in our libraries
this will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you.
that he love them anyways even if it is good or bad.
of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator.
inappropriate books, magazines, and music will only destroy the good reputation that a library have.
everyone has heard this saying.
i know even more than .
of children go on the computer and ignore everything.
it is a crowded part of the city.
another girl came on a cycle with one wheel.
my second reason is to have a job in the computer business.
we have read about many conquerors like, alexander the great, julius caesar, nepolean etc.
books should not be removed for many reasons.
as you can see this was a difficult journey for the reader and the affected the cyclist.
it is taking away the knowledge for our children.
do what makes you happy and nothing else.
should we remove books and media because they are offensive?
they should leave the libraries just the way they are.
have you ever been to a library?
he was grateful for his parents giving him all they could.
this is terrible because kids never get to spend time with family and do not show appreciation for their parents do for them.
in conclusion when it comes to as easy as riding a bike, you need to take precaution in what might lie ahead.
not all books are bad and not all of them are good, so we need to divide and conquer.
why take a book off if only a few people find offensive?
the setting had a great effect on the cyclist.
do you count a certain work of fiction offensive because contains one curse word in the whole book?
the mood conveyed in the memoir is love.
also, there are and various more.
to paraphrase , i not agree with what you say, but i will fight to the death your right to say it.
when she gets the chance.
why should we have to remove a book if just some people think its offensive?
what are you waiting for?
if they were a true friend then they would understand and perhaps make it up to you with something else.
you walk in and take a piece.
the author chose to end the story with the final paragraph for several reasons.
the mood created by the author is gratefulness.
the song was by a band named .
so then you spend nights in bed tossing and turning.
my first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick.
the world is an opinionated place, if it were not we would have nothing.
computers are very troublesome.
my dad is a environmentalist and he uses computers.
we see them.
i was so thrilled when i was finally able to check out the book and read it.
a flute seller was playing on his flute.
now a days we do a lot of online shopping.
just like the author is going back to drivers ed.
music on the other hand could be thought of as different.
but, if your newspaper were written out by hand, then that would take a lot of time, people, paper, & money.
although computer are good for this they be addiction.
on the computer you can chat and talk with people without having to be on the phone and paying a bill for it.
when i was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after school program i attended.
i felt protected by her.
also, you can look up information on any place or any project and it will help you.
when you are clumsy you break things.
most of the topics of books, music, movies, or magazines are helpful.
you need to remove all the tiles before the time runs out!
computers are a great thing during down time and have positive effects on people.
with any luck, id hit a bump and lodge one in my throat.
it is important for readers to be exposed to a broad spectrum of reading materials.
that you knew why i support the computer should be no doubt that you will support it.
so yet, why do we keep these books in our libraries?
if we neglect any body part, then the whole body suffers.
there is no way to properly censor all your books without upsetting customers.
so lets start to cut our usage time down now.
you can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message.
the setting of the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit effects the cyclists physical and emotional attitude.
i hope to see the amount of censorship rise in libraries.
but all of a sudden the second car took the lead.
this short cut turned out to be a nightmare.
the people that work there could look through it before and make sure its the right type of book they should read.
people spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
this topic was censorship.
milk is palatable food for the sick and the invalids as well.
the authors or producer of these sort of entertainment were made to be read, hear or watched by people that are interested in them!
the biker said i noticed the terrain changing.
weight lifting is another way to get in shape.
different music, books, movies, and magazines.
this is why i want to tell everyone about negative effects of the computer on people.
learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other.
is getting in his way and not helping him to reach his destination at all.
people are always using paper and paper comes from trees.
reason why i am concerned that people using the computer a lot.
it is human nature to fear the unknown.
gives the reader a feeling that the character is in danger.
others see it as freedom of speech and writing.
another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users.
they should also make it where you rate a book like you rate movies, video games and other things.
i believe it is our right to read and publish what we want.
parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started minutes ago.
what we can do is all those that refuse to go outside to do so.
everyone has their own views, which is why people should learn to respect the views of different books no matter how offensive the material be to them
from ants to its all there.
yes, they think that there is no real harm.
computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources.
it always returns .
then, finally, the setting changed.
i myself think that all books should be of the shelves because i do find some books to be offensive in their contents.
he feels relaxed, because he is at home with the water and the pine trees.
before the internet and computers, it would take weeks to find enough information for a paper or business work.
because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side.
some teachers burden the students with holiday homework.
if he chooses not to, that is up to .
the author did a great job fixing these into the story to make it flow very well.
computers are amazing advancement and this is why you should use one.
there are millions of sites containing such content.
which means probably grew up in a life without very much violence.
- and physically by becoming dehydrated.
there are many bad things that result from computers.
everyone spend time with their family, having fun together, celebrating together would give you a happy feeling of what a family is.
a lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people.
there also useful for work most people use computers for work.
instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they got to the computer and talk and eat junk food.
just like that you know, and off to you meeting.
then have them published for you to just take them off the shelf.
we need to the of social without computer.
is a form of where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings.
the books we read are the property of all humanity and should be read by all to educate us of our mistakes as well as our triumphs.
there are several features that causes the author to dehydrate.
the child feels sad because they feel ugly and they lose self esteem.
most website like is now in danger.
taking books off shelves are like telling people to stop reading
this means it has been there wars, politics, art and slavery.
people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike.
probably not this is why websites like and are getting more and more members each day.
though out this story there is a certain of .
you would be putting someone out their job.
lastly, many people do research on the internet.
those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder.
their are parents who have kids in school, who do not care about what they learn or what they do.
then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page.
() because she feels that when the hibiscus blooms she can too bloom by passing the test.
she talks about how things should be taken of the shelf to prevent the children from seeing it.
many people are thinking this is a good time to go on the computer but you bored you will stay on the computer until you have something to do.
and i believe if it is offensive it should be taken off the shelf in a library and you should too.
because maybe that person who wrote the book, or movie was expressing how they feel, and you can not tell someone how to feel or express themselves.
also, you can go on google and type in anything you want and it will give you the answer.
if kids would want to rent a movie then they would have to have a permission slip signed by their parents and returned.
even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online!
in the south, most treated as dirt.
one the internet there are many fun games for all ages.
as you can see games, learning and talking are easier to do on the computer.
they are a great blessing.
they can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature.
traveling is also a good way to get outside.
should libraries take certain material off their shelves?
i was typing like a pro.
the shows a beautiful picture of the you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to learn more about it.
the would always have junk food when was on the computer.
everyone has a place were that feel like they belong.
dear local newspaper, you know how long you go on the computer for?
another important thing to remember is that computers are important is because they help you get more educated.
i know that teenagers are on the computer a lot, but if it really bother the parents, why do they have computers in their houses?
its only him.
for example he is in the desert and it is very hot outside.
computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles.
in other words when spring has come she will be ready for the test.
she left me to be a street dog.
instantly, you will have hundreds of choices right in front of you.
in the center, there is a carpet.
movies are rated by the language and content they have in it.
* he came across a fishing camp and received instructions on how to go on.
these books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading.
stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and go outside.
two computers are good for you in many ways.
many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children that could get this book.
she can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers.
i think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature.
technology is like a train are you going to live it.
we enjoyed every single minute we spent.
everyone cared for one other and they helped whoever was a need.
reading it i felt that i was not harmed by the content and neither were any of my fellow classmates.
computers help so many people with everyday questions.
most people are worried about their children reading the books that they find offensive.
the first reason is that what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
this lack of the water made it horrible for him to continue on.
the author did not create any kind of mood that interested me to keep reading of this topic.
do these titles sound familiar?
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
sure, you might get complaints.
a place where the citizens can check out books, music, movies, magazines and more.
the music poses a problem, though.
these are the types of mood described in the memoir.
or how would we learn about the places we want to see, and the places we want to stay away from?
for example, when my dad got home.
this quote describes the feelings the cyclist has towards the old men.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
more would help people, especially students to have a better education.
what do you want your child being exposed to?
friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby.
the combination of the melting snow and the budding flowers lets the reader know of the bright fresh unclaimed future that is to come for the girl.
here at we have over computers in use throughout the school day.
that sounds pretty simple to me!
instead they could be going outside or even study.
when i made a , i talking to people who go to my school.
because of the growing population of those who use computers, companies tend to make computer shoes, which usually attracts viewers by the thousands each day.
i even have an application for it on my cellphone.
they get less exercise.
to remove or not to remove should people be able to remove books that are offensive?
my favorite sport is baseball and i am pretty good.
she stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five to get her away from her computer.
i think that the author ends the story with the paragraph that he did, to show that you can always change.
next this is good for buyers and sellers.
the story is about a runaway named ; and a runaway boy named .
his mood is warm and compassionate as he talks about how much each one of his community was important to him.
something that you take as offensive be something that inspires and encourages someone else.
computers take away too much to be spending so much time on.
how happy i was!
village are regarded as gentlemen.
fortunately, a tragedy was averted.
an ideal teacher knows the art of teaching.
the four main things that affect him are the heat, lack of water, lack of nearby buildings, and .
on the internet people can find information about faraway places or people.
luckily her mother brought her to fast enough to be put on life support for hours.
lastly it allows you to talk to people you love that are far away.
they should not be removed from the shelves.
it can be shipped to your door without going anywhere.
they are of different castes and religions.
the mood is very warm and welcoming.
if you have a computer, then that is great.
all these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers.
thirdly he became so overheated that it was possible for him to suffer a heat stroke in the middle of nowhere.
such as anything with nudity or adult content.
when people are going to lay on the for minutes it takes hours!
second example is students and their homework.
you would feel guilty if the child has problems for the rest of their life.
there is a majority of people in the world who really like listening to rap or &.
now on to more about using computer for homework.
the features of a setting, such as terrain and weather greatly affect the cyclist who is biking in it.
the movie industry, for example.
want to know what would also be a good way to connect, a webcam!
no one is forcing you to read the material.
now this sounds like it just lazy but it is something nice to do for a distraction to other things.
he had no more water and there was rough roads ahead of him and he came across a juice factory.
many jobs would be impossible with out computers.
people at libraries fight over a book.
works of literature are just one of them.
none of these books really seemed offensive.
in conclusion, the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
i want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry.
some books be offensive but you can learn from others mistake by reading that book.
the computer enables people to stay entertained, and relaxed when needed.
computers are great for school.
no it is not easy to get over ,but these things will make you stronger.
i love computers and everybody else should too.
she then takes it home and shows the plant to her mother.
the man continues his quest to know more about the planets.
then last he is near no towns so he cant get anymore water, so the setting does effect the cyclist.
computers can help you do all types of things.
advertisement many be make-believe, but it has to stay.
everyone has there own opinion about things so why should that effect what we are allowed to learn?
no, your just sitting there; using the computer involves very little movement.
computers are a good way to talk to friends that you not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time.
my reason is you never know what could happen on the computer.
if it had not been at the library, what would i have done?
being on line sitting down doing nothing just talking makes you lazy.
another bad feature is the endless amount of abandonment towns and spoiled water.
what can be so wrong with specific material that we must take it away from everyone?
the station master is in charge of the railway station.
he grows food crops.
the first one is .
he is a very hardworking man.
computers are a great source of information.
you can also chat with people online.
these things have evolved over the years thanks to computers.
with are of the largest number of members.
everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they are into.
as they are used for entertainment, education, and talking with people faraway, they have had a negative effect on people.
in the story it said drop from heatstroke.
for example if you had a loved one in the military you could use the computer to communicate with him with a webcam.
therefor if items were being removed from a public place that gives that, would not let this happen.
i think that they should have any an every kind of book, magazine, an movie you want at the library.
also when things got hard there was nothing around but ghost towns and abandoned buildings.
well i think they have a positive effect on people.
most of what i would take off the shelf would have to be about people being racist agents another person or people.
when we take up a project we need a team of workers.
that takes the whole meaning out of a lot of things.
is a subject too graphic for students?
when i was doing social studies project i had to find out what the flag looked like.
since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs.
as a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says.
you can chat with people from across the world.
the material can lead to violent acts in people, even if it does not seem like that kind of behavior could possibly come out of that person.
for example, they could need information for a country like , , .
a computer is the world at your finger tips.
the features effect the setting of the story in a big way.
you just have to be careful what music you listen to at a library because there are young people everywhere.
when the cyclist is biking it is very hot, he says in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
when maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier!
lyrics can deal with really mature things that should only be heard and understood by adults.
firstly, students would chat their friends on the computer.
the conclusion for the story is a nice ending.
not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends.
libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing.
i, myself, have friend who lives in that i miss very much.
her rich aristocratic parents wanted her to be a fashionable lady.
this amazing device can also let you talk to people online!
so many millions of children throughout the english speaking world must have read these books.
thank you for reading my letter and hope you take it in consideration.
weather, places, the will to continue all are reason that explain how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
the first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute.
the help us in many other ways too.
every morning we should wish our elders.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because it gives him the feeling of hopelessness.
i hope that you put those reasons in our local paper so every one can see how computers have a positive effect on people.
because the girl is willing to try again and to not give up no matter what.
they can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life.
post offices are found in every city, town, and village.
google gives you answers to anything.
in conclusion, the water being bad, the terrain change.
we should also pray to god for a good day.
books containing this are not considered appropriate for children and need to be placed in a different section of the library.
with the next town miles away, the cyclist struggles to conserve his water to make it there.
one reason to why i think that people should spend less time on the computer and more times outdoors is so that they can get more exercise.
in this essay i will discuss three cons of censorship in libraries.
these online social networks connect you and the people in your life to a crazy online adventure.
everyone has the choice whether they either want to read the book, or they do not.
this quote show the love and warmth of everyone in the family and how a house can bring people together.
a matter of fact, computers have a bad effect.
we have a brain inside the head which controls all the other organs of the body.
everyone has a right to read what they want to read.
in conclusion working hard and give up its a part of our life and its up to our selves to overcome failing
i think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one.
having to computers can help students to learn.
the features of the setting negatively affect the cyclist.
censorship is a big conflict in many libraries.
studies show that out of people say that computers answered their question better than any library book, did.
what if you were looking for a new home?
another reason why i think computers are good is they help you connect with friends.
reading is something people choose to do for their own entertainment, for their enjoyment, to gain personal knowledge and many other reasons.
they are more of a benefit than a burden.
all these reasons will lead to the below.
the books, music, movies, magazines are not there to offend you in any type of way.
he was soon x-rayed and it was found that one of his ribs had cracked.
computers have internet websites and search like , that allow you to type anything and instantly find all the information and pictures or that subject.
computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people around the world.
they help people in any number of ways.
i love talking to friends.
, computers are a part of our advanced technology.
my final reason is after a hard day at school or work you can come home, play some music and relax.
lastly, computers just help for the need of entertainment for people.
but i would have to disagree i think those books deserve to be read.
there would be less violence, and drug offenses or abuse.
also, it lets you communicate with family, of friends in case of emergencies.
you see none.
the features in the setting of the essay affect the author in one major way, dehydration.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts in people staying on the computer to much.
next reason why effect computers on people is positive, is because it helps people communicated with friends or family.
you can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information.
of stuff it sucks people in but some cant get out.
the author is merely taking advantage of their freedom of speech.
this material plants a bad seed in the mind of our youth.
therefore, this is the mood created by the author.
some drivers do not obey the traffic rules.
this is why the computer supports our society.
lastly the mood is interpreted from his family.
the views i used to have would be gone.
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit reflect upon the cyclist.
dear , having everything known to man at your fingertips.
some can be a bad influence on younger kids.
of course sharing is better then wasting your money on something when someone has the book that you know and would let you barrow .
oxygen is key to life.
they are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible.
the mood in this memoir seems to be a grateful tone.
it used to be that you had to buy a magazine or book to witness the exploitation of young women.
my two uncles live in .
i was babysitting her one night, while her parents were at the movies.
therefore i have decided to become a teacher.
many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and lots of other stuff but they that anymore.
the large snake presented an air of danger and another abandoned grape juice factory added to the hopeless lost tone.
if all of those things are offensive to some people, then they need a reality check.
teachers need computers to file the students name, grades, and information, instead of using a cabinet.
when it comes to learning about the beauty of diversity, everyone is able to choose what they pick from the shelf.
our minds are exposed to so much immorality and violence, so we think it is okay to do.
before computers you would have to go to the library, find the book you need, and then search through it until you found the information you needed.
with a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are.
during his fights, he kills the creatures that he fights.
the connection with seeing a tumbleweed is that of being deserted and alone so this increased his feelings of despair.
we packed a small bag and went to the airport.
i understand a lot of things in this world is about money and people make money by selling things to others.
most students use them every day.
some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant.
this shows how much love the author has to be grateful for.
after feeling that the direction might be rough, he rode out of pride to get to his destination.
each of those people has a different belief.
it would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie.
as you can see.
libraries have a variety of material from books to movies.
he was the president.
they need to try and limit everything that is offensive, to try stop anybody from getting harmed
cultures come in a variety we can learn about all of them from the comfort of our own home.
libraries enough restrictions and rules on their books and movies based on the persons age
this is also a good way to get kids from reading things that not age appropriate to finding something that is.
they type essays, or while doing research on someone or something, they could just save it and take notes on it later.
when i felt scared, my mother held me tightly.
an ideal student should avoid smoking.
how a man would react to a given set of circumstances or action.
also, a user increased light bill, and wont spend time interacting.
the library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types.
some people not mind that there are a couple of bad words or a little violence, but others will find it very offensive.
sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is.
when it shows time passing, shes grew up more and maybe shell be ready to take the test since now she knows how it is.
sometimes your friends.
, computers have great benefits to our society.
so as you can see, i that computers benefits society in plenty of ways.
the more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active?
to start off, as an eight grades, we are prepared to go to high school.
taking media off the shelves is not needed.
it is a whole different word now and it is a lot of old books and songs.
first, the heat dehydrates and exhausts him, almost causing him a heat stroke.
when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication?
the first thing that affected his ride was the heat.
we can learn that are going on from far away.
many passengers get down from the train and many get in.
i think that the mood created by the author was happiness.
you know what hows about a trip to or or .
this is a question that all of us have thought about at one point or another.
so removing any sort of material from our libraries is a horrible idea.
computers are one of the best advances in technology ever made.
they also play with complete stranger.
on the internet course!
dear local newspaper, i think your wrong!!.
having hand and eye coordination gives a positive effect on people because your going to need it through out live.
its a library, a place where people go to get information.
its simple with most computer soft .
the new terrain made him has to push himself harder and lose energy quicker.
we need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear.
he teaches many classes.
dear local newspaper, local newspaper do you think that the computer is a good technology in our generation today?
sure, you could read a newspaper, but answer me this where does the paper come from?
you have your own choice when it comes to what your children read, watch, and listen to.
now that man can track your child down and possibly kidnap or hurt them.
first, we can talk to people in different countries.
i feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer.
the poor people have more children.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
the cyclist felt black humor, due to the features.
your opinions, decisions, outlook on life yourself is one of a kind.
so leave everything on the shelves.
over vast changes of terrain.
this problem could easily be avoided if needed.
if i see one, i just try ignore it; i do not pick it up and read the back or take it home and read it.
i think that the book, magazine, or movie should stay on the shelf even if it is found offensive.
this also will make the librarians job much harder than what it should be.
an artist or songwriter will write, rap, and sing songs about what they want.
in my opinion, i believe that libraries should remove anything vulgar from the shelves.
i never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away i was surprised.
everything from music on the radio to military files are censored.
if there are young kids doing this it is obviously a bad thing because it is teaching them wrong things early in there life.
that also shows how grateful the author is because it says how he is gracious for his neighborhood and the many things he learned.
well we can change that!
one of my favorite sports is softball.
knowledge of rape is important if it is ever going to be stopped.
there are few materials available that should rightfully be censored and taken out of adult hands.
another reason is, the computer helps kids get their work done faster.
also you can do video chats with your friends if they live far away.
in fact one out of fifty books contain racism.
the mood created by the author in this memoir was happy, loving, and warm.
lastly, you can just plain talk.
you can pay your bills online or you can get a job online or even shop online.
many students straight away rush to the playground.
also, the computers become the center of their lives.
the text says, the speed limit was .
in front of my house, there is a beautiful lawn.
i believe things in the nature should be handled in great authority.
it also discourages him.
we the people are the ones that want these books, movies, magazines, and music.
those type of books are what older people like and they are very interesting.
did you look up to any of the main characters?
do you or that person think that it would make a difference if that one book, book or movie was removed from the shelves?
the ways mentally is that the cyclists can loose determination and pride if they cannot fight the journey of cycling.
my uncle has named him brownie.
if you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet.
when you loose your connections and become you will use your computer more and then will become worse.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
yeah we might be getting lazy but it makes peoples lives simpler.
now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise.
such as falls, rain forests etc.
lastly this article is uplifting because it shows love can make a difference.
when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take this test again.
people have opinions, and that is one hundred percent okay.
i have read that libraries with bad material are much less likely to attract customers than libraries with censorship.
not only is happening in the libraries its happening on televisions also.
this website is even more dangerous then or .
every time i walk the room my computer is hooked, i grab the pull up right and do .
he would have had all of the grape juice he wanted, but it was abandoned.
kids all over the use the internet to do class projects.
most young adult books have something to do with teens, drugs, violence, and other things that would come off as offensive.
homes offer security and feel affection for human life and it is one of the most important things.
it is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do.
there are a lot of websites and organizations that say what they personally think is offensive and what is not.
you can also see pictures of things that you cant see everyday.
a short film with a crop story and colouful atmosphere creates the desired effect without much words.
but it is not something that had to be done all the time.
everyone enjoys having a computer.
in conclusion, all of this can only be done with a computer.
he said we should keep trying until we succeed.
so read on i know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below.
also, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others farther away.
its a big world out there and it is not getting any smaller and it is not going anywhere anytime soon.
i also feel that those type of magazines should not be in a library.
because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy.
one way that people use computers positively is by using it to be informed by news, traffic, and weather.
in summary, the main characters biggest problem is the heat of the setting.
if internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future.
you just can use the internet for just about anything.
however, the hibiscus symbolizes hope and comfort.
that book was specifically placed in the library for someone to read.
whether those reasons be personal or professional it rather important.
a can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science.
it just means they have different beliefs.
some people find the books offensive while others not.
when you go into a library, or book store, you already have and idea of you are looking for.
then because of the setting.
lastly, this gradual burning of knowledge is affecting society in horrid ways.
computers can be a nice little break after all your homework is done.
the environment and risk of death gave him the determination he needed to push forward.
another mood that was created was calm.
what i am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general.
i thought to my self that they want to hear that from me.
is it all around or do children go and find it?
having the freedom to sell or convey something they want viewers, readers, listeners, etc.
parents should try and remove all books that are offense to their children because that can have a real bad affect on them.
the train arrived.
dear local newspaper, some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society.
books can not be taken off the shelf just for their content.
there are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy.
most small children do not even go to the library so they would become virtually useless.
everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on.
are computers helpful and the best way to go for communication?
its the real world, the adult world.
it is nothing against public libraries, it is just the material inside of them.
fine something unless to read about.
computers are like a pencil to a student.
these songs show us why children are having children, or doing drugs.
to start, computers are helping many people with their hand eye coordination.
having no water out in the dessert could make you dehydrate and faint.
he is grateful they love and care for him.
the paragraph provides closure and a sense of hope, which is an excellent note to end on.
the only way they communicate is through online chat.
i remember when i was a little girl - about years old, and i always wanted to be on the computer.
this is my third reason why children should not we spending more time on computers.
they are not so tasty and palatable as mangoes in our country.
taking away all of these things, i think, is a mistake.
do you want that?
according to a recent study, of citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet.
the author ended the story with that specific quote because it shows the grasp in understanding the beauty & marvels of nature.
it showed how she will start new and continue happily.
example is this sight was troubling.
when cycling or doing any outdoor sport, the setting matters greatly.
i think that if censorship is controlled correctly it can become a powerful tool in any library, school, and even home.
about billion, researchers say.
computers are only helping in aid in the growth of society.
once churchill’s secretary reached office late by five minutes.
when an author must take this into consideration.
dear reader, has had a dramatic effect on human life.
if i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato i would but i never go on the computer unless it is for homework.
i understood it because when works she sometimes mutters a song very softly.
doing so would, could, and be harmful and dangerous depending on the act made by the child.
some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature.
these days the computer is the latest hit.
when she says in the spring, when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
in paragraph , this is where the first introduces the custom of his house.
dolphins love to eat fish.
dear local newspaper, you can see, about of our population over use the computer.
he had been drinking he water regularly but the temperature was rising.
i believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past
you can not get everything off the internet some stuff you have to look up by opening a book.
a local environmentalist.
every school has a computer.
computers are the wall between inside and going outside in back at the world.
we can prevent these issues if we take a stand against computers!
if someone is making a project at a school.
especially he is grateful for how his parents turned his simple house into a home.
being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts.
the teddy’s body is very smooth and soft.
get off that computer it is .
we get milk in dehydrated powder from also.
they also have small teeth inside the mouth.
but when it comes to usage of computers is helpful for searching information.
in our public libraries we can find books that are related to slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence.
that is why people use computer for research.
all students use the computer daily to video chat with friends or instant message parents!
or get bad grades for doing the bad research.
does it bother you to hear them with your own ears?
some lines from the song are, ' i get depressed, i cut my wrists in every direction'.
you can improve your coordination by making you stronger when you type.
personally going to the movies to see a new action movie that looks thrilling and entertaining should be fun, but where does the fun stop?
the same thing applies in a store.
if everything is taken out then nobody would have any reason for going to a library.
the people who banned the book fail to realize that the book is not about those scenes.
some of the great classic novels have contents that could be considered offensive to many people.
you could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house.
of people that use the almost everyday are students.
to her, the plant felt smooth and cool just as she had known it, which was comforting.
she ends with this statement to say that it is a new season and a new beginning for her into her new life.
the mood created by the author, in my opinion, is a happy mood.
we, as , have .
we should neither waste nor pollute water as each drop of water is precious.
in a study it showed that of people in the world has a computer as a communication tool.
do you think that money from a college fund is worth a computer?
that is what the computer is for.
thirdly you should spend time with your family.
not only is an issue, however, people can now talk to strangers on the internet.
books are another good resource if used correctly.
throughout the story you could always sense the love and caring she had.
people love to read gossip, and learn about the latest trends.
if a parent feels that a movie is decent for a child to watch, then go ahead and let them watch that material.
one of which had been when i was out camping, and suddenly, as in the essay, the setting changed, and a storm came.
they have such a diversity because everyone has a different opinion of the lyrics, covers, styles, and plots.
that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head.
of birds and squirrels with his deadly catapult.
there has been many people who have been hired.
advantages and disadvantages of examinations
with this system, everyone suffers.
the mood set for this story is loving.
parents argue that these books should be removed from the libraries.
it is a right for the public to be able to access this material.
you could be getting other tasks done.
through hard work, man progresses and the country progresses.
so never will i think that the library should be censored.
media helps to enlighten, persuade, and educate people about important issues.
thousands of books are censored each year.
it sounded very confident and made it where she can want to try if she or he fails the first time.
thank you for reading my paper local newspaper.
hot, alone, no water all are reasons why the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
therefore i have determined to treat the poor people without any fee.
not in the house on the computer.
a computer can help a kid in so many ways, it can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects.
the features of the setting gradually contribute to the cyclists anger.
they left the place they were most in for him.
once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them.
computers bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home.
another thing about computers is they help you in the work place.
you can google the book and find an online copy of the book, so you make the grade on that paper.
nature is so beautiful but its being destroyed and we do nothing.
this indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today.
one reason i support computers is because they help with writing.
we need to show them that we care.
children at young ages still have their innocence.
in conclusion, the last paragraph ties the theme of new beginnings into the story.
on the occasion of the fair and big meeting he maintains peace by applying for law and order.
which i mostly learned that from the state tractor pulling club.
another great thing about talking online is that i can talk to all my friends, not just the one i am playing with.
those are fun and great way to interact with your family.
for example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained.
i would have learned not only how to express and accept myself, but i might have grown to more easily accept others as well.
another way mood is expressed is through his foreshadowing, showing kept the tradition going.
the cyclist gets very excited when he sees this, and gets a great feeling of hope.
both me and think that this is affecting people in many different ways.
for example, many live on and her sister, , she is very close to, lives in .
i think censorship could be a good thing where there could be a room just for grown ups.
another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping.
eventually, all books, movies, magazines, music, and video games would be deemed offensive and inappropriate.
computers also help you with your school work by helping you with homework.
music i think is different.
then think of all the sudden problem it would cause if that information was suddenly found.
they also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in .
the speed limit is also affect the cyclist.
that means your going to have to not let it get under you skin or get over it.
computers are used by many people to interact with another.
one time my friend was sitting in the computer and she started to watch inappropriate videos when her father found out about this, he canceled their internet.
these day if not then of house designers use computers.
so how can you tell what is okay for younger children and teens to view?
children need to learn those things sometime in their life.
can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime.
you can also use them to meet new people.
i am against censorship in libraries and i hope you are too.
i have to watch that with my sister all the time because if not, then they will yell at you.
so what are you waiting for go out and go your computer today!
without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily.
the cyclist also had to go over roads that were in bad condition slowed him down even more.
if someone finds something offensive they should simply stay away from it.
there are so many different means of communication using the computer, which are all free.
people are also not visiting friends and family and those are the most important.
this can work to people away from screens and the course.
in which the kitchen is the heart of the home.
i encourage you to agree with me that computers can put one safety at risk decrease their education of nature and ruin their social life.
the internet has millions of users and makes life a lot easier.
people who things and world famous people from back then compared to famous people now.
but, what you can answer from that is it would allow people to learn from there mistakes.
my friend has a little brother that is always playing games on the computer.
a very popular game is the .
in our public libraries, all books and movies are settled into one place for everyone to have the ability to check out.
his hope was dwindling because of this.
this game is also free online for anyone to use.
an he appreciates him because of the same thing i said before he admires them and always thank them for what they have done to her.
when really, protecting them could be harmful.
thousands upon thousands of people were killed for their religious belief, as well as homosexual people, and other minorities.
however, not all books should be considered appropriate for all audiences.
computers can keep you in with family and friends.
scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place.
how does this pertain to offensive books?
the author is saying that even when things are hard and seem impossible, something will be the to lift your spirits.
there is a reason it is in the library, and that reason is because some people enjoy it.
she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home, lest she burst into tears again.
what if you need to type an essay what do you do then.
on the other hand the computer has that many people are connecting and communicating they can set a plan to many critics have people and spends the computer.
movies, music, books, etc.
they also need their kids to know the difference between right and wrong.
as you can plainly see, computers are not turning us all into zombies.
next, computers allow you to learn about faraway places and people.
third, some people go to the library for peace and quiet, and the library is there only place.
do we need to get rid of everything for that reason?
those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad.
having books, music, movies, or magazines removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive is in my opinion, a ridiculous notion.
everyone will have there own views about a book, music, movies, or magazines.
in conclusion i think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people.
it ends confidently, and leaves the reader satisfied.
at this point cyclist is very worried because its hot and he has no water, while knowing he has another miles to go.
and with this also came doubt.
many features of the setting of the cyclists excruciating trip affect him mentally and physically.
just going to a family house, you can be interacting.
you can also see majority of people like what they got.
many parents do not talk to their kids about certain things, such as drugs.
all authors write for a purpose, whether it be to teach, entertain, or persuade an audience.
inside the forest, there was very little sunlight.
it could even help you.
now most, to all should know that there are children sections in most, if not all libraries.
if the government enforces the censorship law, people can not say what they want to or how they truly feel about a subject.
so for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature.
here are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
in the spring the hibiscus will be budding again.
did you forget the number of your favorite football player?
now, lets bring this letter to an end.
people talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society.
so she is going to be reading to prepare for when the spring comes when the hibiscus is budding then she will be budding too by passing her test.
do not force your thoughts on some one else
three main reason as to why i think there are more negative impacts than positive and constructive impacts from computers are is a very big issue.
when the obstacles melt away and she buds into a new stronger person she will take the test again.
also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature.
another reason computers effect the lives and people the dangerous chat rooms.
cereals have a great nutritional value.
see, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed.
just like how i talk to people about a band we both love.
also you can chat with or old friends.
the setting affected the character in ways that would usually affect people.
a recent pole in the times.
the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit by suffers from some hardship while riding through the desert.
do you want to be that person?
they let him listen to his own music, and watch he wanted.
quote from voices a strong point on citizenship.
that is the family love i am describing being selfless and loving to other members of your family.
books are what have taught all of us.
i know computers are but they do have a positive effect on people.
she needs water to survive, and the next town is very far away.
well, if there is i would be looking at what they are reading or doing.
first off, computers help technology so much.
my last reason is, that people argue that people use it to learn about far away places and people, but they have books for that too.
the main way is by typing.
they get threatening emails.
from my personal experience i always do spring cleaning because i want to begin fresh.
we should be grateful for friendships.
either method is a great way of communication!
my parents did the same thing and it makes me feel happy that they did.
the long crippling hills are next in line the cyclist has to use all her energy to work up the hill.
the are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world.
now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users.
another key point to look at is obesity.
i once had to do a class project on and got a just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too.
they can help find long lost friend and keep in contact with them.
hot you need water.
the cyclist felt relief later on due to the features.
the entire nation had become reliant on computers.
or why is he not touching her?
the computer is the quickest way to find out information!
so, instead those people could just quickly and easily send a email no instant message to who ever they need to talk to.
why stop some one from getting smarter?
the computer makes getting research for school or work substantially easier.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
astronomy, arithmetic, music and other subjects tell us about the beauty in the disciplined growth.
i think the point can go ether way because she says everyone has the same rights.
and finally, many people have found their careers through the internet.
you are addicted, both your family & you suffer.
the computer helps the world.
this genre of music needs to be taken off the shelves.
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
the emotions test of both of the situations she is is will allow her to be stronger.
they could be all over the internet the next day.
there just a lot of thing you can do on a computer.
with the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday.
books, magazines, music, and movies all relate to peoples' likes and dislikes.
the author concludes the story with these final lines to create a tone of hope that creates a theme.
another reason is, that it maybe snowy, or the library is closed.
these works they wish to condemn and banish are works of passion and labor.
we argued for about five minutes and finally the magazine was off the shelves.
first, i will be talking about how people use computer too much.
tumble weeds crossed past him and there was no water in sight that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
it is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter.
i could hear the strong icy wind blowing outside.
this area could be created for adult or mature readers, viewers or listeners.
even if there is a book that people agree should be censored, there are people that think the other way.
drug use and rape would go down.
i once talked with someone on for over an hour!
for instance, and tend to have a lot of bad messaged songs, so therefore most people think that all and are bad.
read the title before you pick up the book.
is what i thought the author in the memoir mood was.
many people like movies with drugs, and violence.
it helps to make people more social, by chatting with their friends.
what affected the cyclist most, i think was when he arrived at the bait store.
with the recent earthquakes in and .
my first reason why computers have bad effects on people who use computers, is the health issue.
to achieve all these essentials a basic economic independence of all citizen is a must for democracy.
most kids come home from school and go on aim.
also if you having a piece of writing like your rough draft so why spend the time trying to write really neat and perfect?
if the libraries took off all material that offended people there would be nothing left.
or spend time with family and friends.
if parents find the materials that are within libraries offensive, they should monitor their children while they are visiting their library.
also you can shop its a birth day of you can get gifts for a very low price ever !!!
my big sister is always on the computer using talking to her friends.
censorship is a major subject when dealing with books, newspaper articles, movies, and other literary subjects.
when you do a story for the newspaper does it come out hand written?
we see these colours in a rainbow.
why kids are acting the way they are.
for example, i know of many online colleges.
movies tell you what it is rated.
the computer also allows you to talk with people far away.
lastly, he was lost.
he is a middle aged man.
the sun was not starting to get him ??
and you can pay your bills on the computer.
computers can cause safety issues.
they will be able to do more thing without messing up.
the hibiscus is what makes her feel as though she is connected to her homeland.
if your not going to finish it, then why is it there?
computers are helpful when it comes to places!
please take them into consideration.
one night she had so much hope, like, abundance, then the next she is in foreign land that is nothing like her old home.
the author chose to end their story with this paragraph because all of the stuff the actor has in the last paragraph represents something special in the characters eyes.
every parent and family is different, as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in then there is no need for censorship in libraries.
it cuts family interaction by destroying family relationships and bonds, not to mention communication.
she feels different and out of place but she is still strong.
i believe that people should be more aware of the time they are in the computers.
since technology is advancing, more and more people are going out to buy computers.
the library is a place for all people no matter who you are, how old or ugly.
every person is different, with varying ideas.
people can also also contact other people.
the government has the right to control what we partake in, but does that seem fair?
i feel that technology can be both good and bad.
in fact, out of jobs require a computer.
no body ever said that they had to buy what the person in front of you is buying.
in the states’ pavilions, the industrialists and businessmen were busy finalizing business deals.
well, knowing this truth does not stop the victims from getting attracted by this media stunt!
this is a good way to use the computer because you can stay updated on what is going on with your family members.
the next thing that i think should be censured at the library is magazines.
and his family cooks together which he really appreciates and .
i had my mathematics examination the next day.
at the beginning of this memoir they talk about how their parents knew the struggles of a life.
so you see these things are a problem but nobody removed us.
some people who are obsessed, it can be problematic.
all i have to do is go online, click my chat box and click their name and then !
dear , i took a poll of people and of them agree computers have a positive effect on people.
because some people like stuff other people find offensive.
one much life is exercise, and due to the of modern computers, exercise is the key to a healthy life.
without those things in our life i really can see this world falling apart.
materials bring all different kind of subjects, and stories for everyone.
also, the computer is very distracting.
this program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes.
when people are at the check out desk at the library, the library could have a sheet of paper asking if the customer found a certain book offensive.
in conclusion i believe that computers are helping us and is not a bad thing.
usually a person chooses a book because of the cover or a friend has requested you to read it.
also computers help out immensely with school work and homework.
they were full and she wanted to bake something traditional for them.
the necessity for censorship should never be an option.
the society in ' ' proves to be oblivious to everything that is going on in many different ways.
then the jokers came.
he calmly sat there answering their questions with such a patience that i was flabbergasted.
it should be a place were people should feel free and relieved from any stress.
people are entitled to their own opinion on what is appropriate level material for themselves.
all it does is bring some people down, make them cry, and also so stupid stuff.
i going to leave on one not would you pick computers or life?
yet there are still others whose believes directly contradict these.
this shows that it is hot because he is sweating.
some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge an individuals beliefs and thoughts are being taken off the shelves and no longer readily available to people.
you can walk away and then came back when you hear that you got a message.
even though i have a problem with an item, it still needs to be able to be accessed by all people.
my third reason is that interacting with friends an family.
dear local newspaper , i do agree that exercising,.
he had great memories of the kitchen smelling good.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
while one reader love the story and wear out the pages, another get halfway through and never finish it.
according to a study done by the , the largest cause obesity is actually computers!
yes, students should go exercise but all the time.
it changed from flat road to short, rolling roads.
nobody forces anybody to comply to the recommendations, but hopefully everyone does so on their honor.
in this case computers are good.
lastly, you are able to talk to people from faraway, i think computers are a positive thing.
the amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade.
is an overall mediocre idea, with some exceptions.
i think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons.
dear , the effects computers have on people can be hurting our society or it can also be helping society.
he then went to south africa.
the other day though, i started thinking about it.
it is great for staying in the loop and reading about things you need to know.
also people need to remember that this is a free country, and everyone has freedom of speech.
to me i would have to say that the reason why the author concluded his story with this paragraph would be of different reasons.
you can go to the or to the aquarium.
and for their love and sacrifice.
please , turn off the computer.
it could help someone write a paper, to learn about a subject, or do some research on a topic.
lastly, i believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on!
the last is to just get rid of the materials so they are no complains.
the computer is a great way to socialize with friends.
their is a problem for this idea, what books should go into this section of the library?
examinations are held in every school or college.
they also give us the ability to learn.
even if some people get offended.
minds of human beings are too complexly separated.
that could turn many people away from reading certain books, or even going to the store where they even purchased those materials.
we go to the church to offer prayers and enjoy singing christmas carols.
when i first moved here i was a very shy person.
not everyone likes to read the same thing as someone else.
what some parents think are offensive, others might not.
the more people die from using the computer to much the higher the death toll will be.
, there are exceptions to this proposal.
in some stories it would have worked but in this case it was needed.
movies are rated today as to the age of a person, and they say why they are rated as such.
the police took a long time to find her after she had been kidnapped, because the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence by a chain of blackmails.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people because it will help you with interacting, learning and coordination.
throughout the computer, there is many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing.
when he first leaves its in a hot and flat part of the desert.
if something was removed every time someone would walk in, then there would be no library.
others enjoy it, whether they share your views or .
because it could mean so much.
she is filled with new resolution when she says to herself then i will take the test again.
it definitely benefits society.
computers are keeping people from spending time together.
he does this because he is so thankful to his parents because he loves them.
libraries have books that are short, long, and everything in between.
on both a computer and the internet there are more than million things you can learn.
everyone is not the same.
in this country she misses her homeland and the hibiscus reminds her of so.
some students copy in the examination.
if i said that computers are destroying your lives?
another way to speak to friends or family is a website called .
they tell about how they were born into a simple house.
the books, movies, and other materials should be marked saying that they be found offensive.
genre comes in all kind of different types.
we pay for our room with no problem and we stand there patiently waiting for to step up and ask for a room.
i even seen on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady.
the computer also has different links that are helpful for writing a paper, making a power point presentation, and excel spread sheet.
this is because many of the items you will find will be in some way biased.
so i along with some of my friends went to the okhla lake.
he passes abandoned towns and creeps into the desert flat land.
i certainly think computers have a positive effect on people.
often people would like to widen there music intellect and the library is the perfect place to do that.
will see the magazine as an opportunity.
in third grade, i took a book off the shelf of my local library that had an interesting cover.
books more often are correct.
now says this about his house because his parents were always so up beat and caring that they showed him what love is.
also, if a person has a problem with books or any other sources then complain but the libraries should not remove it from the shelf.
first of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch.
computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym.
computers also great way to communicate to people no matter how far away that person is.
yes, that might sound dumb to the next person but it sounds okay with me.
the freedom of press is the means by which they share their ideas and concepts with the world.
so do you believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
why does it need to be there in the first place?
last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other.
although i am lucky that my mother cares about what i read, some parents are not.
all people of have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free.
every book in one way or another would offend someone.
he has gray hair and thick moustache.
limiting the age on books will stop younger audiences from viewing them.
in conclusion, the books in question could be good or bad in the eyes of the next person to read it.
the mood of the memoir is appreciation.
also, parents you computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need took book it some how.
lives of friends have been lost and friendships have been ruined.
in this essay i will explain my opinion and hopefully change other peoples opinions.
since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person.
so, who are we supposed to believe?
to strip the rights of a person is not acceptable.
they each have their own purpose and there was a reason for why they were written.
the materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest.
not one minded the inconvenience of wet umbrellas, soaking shoes and wet clothes.
much of this material be considered offensive to certain people.
books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
movies are something that people love to watch come on we pay to get onto see them sometimes.
i shall take an interest in my work.
since there are no real solutions besides banning these items, this would be the best plan.
when you don' interact with your friends, your friends might not bother trying to talk to you.
lastly, computers allow people to see far away places and learn about almost anything with a click of a button.
from learning to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework.
just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone.
in school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in so many ways.
no one forces us to check out this book or that book.
it going to stop whatever we do.
if i were to call her each call would cost .
some parents are less active with their kids.
everyone has a right to read it at some point in time.
clearly, the computer provides ample ways to research and learn on a daily basis.
she makes sure all books are returned to the library on time.
and with no town for water he would be thirsty.
i was staying in my room and watching the weather outside from my window.
i find that need taking a step back and arguing both sides is sufficient and fair.
i feel that most of the music and movies on shelves anywhere should be taken off.
lastly, the computer is the famous way of communicating around the globe.
in my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous.
the planting of the winter hibiscus represented her change as well.
there are some that would agree with my opinion and some that would not.
he is saying all the things he is thankful for.
even if they are miles away you can click a button and have a live video chat!
this is my opinion of the statement.
it took two hours to control the fire.
for example he talks about things that he had to endure while he was riding.
based on the memoir, the mood created by the author is one of friendliness, thankfulness, and caring.
it does this because while playing games, people watch the screen, and click with their hands.
for example, suggest family.
you would be removing sources of entertainment and ways of learning from people.
is a website that allows you to speak to, or send pictures to others.
many people in stories or in real life are affected by the setting they are in.
that is not what needs.
computers have caused many people money, friends and time.
one way it affected him is the towns were old and deserted.
another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book, they want to try and experiment with drugs themselves.
books can be fiction or nonfiction.
when finding this building to be abandoned, and all things, juice, anyone use would have become frustrated and wanted to give up.
the hibiscus symbolizes everything, her home, her past, and her comfort.
some people say that computers have negative effects, but that is not true.
in the student body in class of ' at high school, most of the students quit school before they could finish senior year.
this connects to the hibiscus because in the winter the plant dies but then come spring its pretty and blossoms again.
i remember a time when my father traveled to on business.
whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future.
i say get read of it all and do everyone a favor
i would improve the discipline of my school.
there are many fun websites made for everyone.
literature would have an immediate downfall if books were censored.
you want get excise.
it has helped he get threw some rough and difficult times.
i believe the author used modifying details to support the description of the cyclists condition.
in the end, it all boils down to freedom.
this reminds her of her old home watching the geese.
i trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
in school, kids are being fed fact after fact and are expected to agree with what they are being told with no questioning involved.
they take away and diminish time, interacting with family, and seeing the world.
these are many great things you can do outside.
just put the book down, someone else might be interested in the book.
how would you get that information without spending a ton on airfare or gas?
and how his simple three room apartment has become a home.
he is always saying how much he appreciates what his parents did by moving to to create a better life for him.
the author creates the mood of friendliness.
with no computers, how would you download music to an ?
i will take that test again, this is the test that she had failed that day.
we have gotten this far to go to the top.
this reminds me of my friend named .
it might be the context or the tone or even the person who wrote it; it does not matter.
last but not least out of every households have at least one computer.
after reading this, i am sure you will agree.
look for something else more interesting to you.
more and more technology is being invented, people use the computer to do work and to learn.
they would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything.
if everyone spent less hour on the computer, it would become out .
it is a reflection of sunlight that falls on it.
the sun was beginning to heat doing but i barely not ???.
the cyclist was pushing through the rough and it was not an easy stretch to get through.
i say, if you do not like it, do not look at it, it is simple as that.
first i would like to tell about the things you can do you can play basketball, handball, hang with your friends.
concluding the story that way showed the reader that she was adapting and learning to deal with a tough situation in a comforting way.
this feeling of gratefulness contributes to the warm, happy feel of the piece.
last, i think another theme of this excerpt was heart felt.
you can talk to people online with instant message, it is a lot more dependable than a telephone or cell phones.
like i said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, i mean how would we communicate or do our work?
also, if kids need to search from school then they can also do that there are many reasons why people should get computers.
then it was decorated.
all materials in a library are for the public.
instead they are sitting chair starring at a computer screen.
even if the others loved what they saw?
she was crying in the store and just very depressed.
also, with computers you can share information as well as receive it.
every book has a different plot and a different moral.
it makes it seem like the younger generations can not handle it, or that past generations have something to hide.
in this day in age the technology era has begin and typing is a necessity.
firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home.
this made him happy because he knew his parents loved him and would do anything for him.
all beings and plants need water for living.
just recently there been earthquakes in and you can spread the news to family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need.
typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read.
no, it is not good.
have you ever wondered how libraries pick their books?
students need to use that certain information in a classroom.
the cyclist decided to keep going, even though he was running out of water.
in the story it says, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
that is why the libraries are divided into sections for the age groups.
a grope juice factory taunts him, mocks him, but he continues on, with a steady pace.
when will it stop?
he tried hard and pushed himself and success was made.
libraries could even put all of the most inappropriate items in a separate section of the library.
but without this device, what would they be able to do?
exercise be important still, with a touch of a button i could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my whole life.
(made by ) claims to be the most popular ( online ) on the web.
we consume cereals in different ways.
three examples show that family is the most important thing.
i use such as , which is an online game website, or fantasy football teams i am involved in.
i will elaborate in the following three paragraphs.
over and over.
computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family.
i also agree with this.
will take a few hours, but you will be educated.
the internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of.
you could be outside enjoying nature, playing sports, or traveling.
the computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool.
even at times the books we think are alright to read end up having a surprise that no one saw coming.
the memoir also conveys a sense of family because the author often mentions large amounts of family and friends would often be visiting.
or even going to a party and end up doing something that might kill them.
the cyclist got information from an old guy that has not been off his porch for years.
religion is one thing that history books can really raise offense to people because it could have some of the facts wrong about that type of religion.
the mood that the author shows is happiness and love.
i say that computers are addicting this is a fact of students spend most of there time on the computer.
i can relate this to my brother with his dis.
that you do.
when he was talking about his home readers could almost feel the love, the food, and listen to the music.
make sure they see something fun, but with a positive message.
these are reasons.
a library is a sanctuary for people to go read their favorite books for free, containing books from all types of genres.
i totally disagree with this letter.
as you can see, computers are extremely educational.
the problem is, not many people do that.
again, our technology is so advanced now that there is a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we are doing.
so if we keep all our book, then more students and people would go and read.
this shows how the author is in a good mood and happy to be there.
relating to his thirst, before he left he grabbed some pebbles.
the reason it being in such a remote area did not help.
in libraries and bookstores worldwide books are written and published with subject matter ranging from odd or inappropriate, to serious or violent.
the rice plant belongs to the grass family.
all in all the mood for the memoir was happy.
the sections are split into children , teens , and adults .
in letter, i will explain.
dear newspaper, i disagree with you about computers.
so watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted.
or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, ?
music could also be a bad influence on kids.
most times i will ignore it and move on to a better book or movie.
overall, the cyclist in this story is greatly affected by his surroundings.
i know my aunts do.
a book on could offend many people.
i look at the human race of this planet to be whole and to be one with another.
i hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer.
they spend their time watching pointless videos, while they should be playing baseball or football.
shut down libraries?
he gets to live a happy life in their new home, with their new friends.
i think the author wanted to show how she gained respect for herself in the end of the passage.
for instance, in paragraph three it states that family does not mean just blood relations.
first, teens can do harmful stuff on the internet to themselves or others.
all of us dream of becoming famous when we grow up.
its not the computers fault.
that is great for the brain!
everything on the market could probably offend at least a few people in some way, but welcome to the real world.
what is the extent of reading that should be read by the public world?
i really hope you all take this into account you think about sitting at your computer!
people were throwing water on the fire.
many of the older people think that it is not fair for them.
if you do not like the music selection that the libraries have then go to a different store.
woman and are the same no matter what people say.
dear newspaper, some people are asking others about the effects computers have on other people.
without computers we would be like the ( offense any people).
time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride?
the library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and for readers who do it as a hobby.
no, because them books or materials is not for everybody to look at.
advances in technology improve society and the over all way of life around the globe.
there is always going to be the issue of finding offensive material, but nobody should have the right to ban it from everyone.
lastly the known, word!
there are a lot of uses for a computer and one of them is learning.
but when i get on a computer it gets to be much better.
in the mean time censors should be put on these items or taken off the shelf.
he makes it seem like not having any money is the best way to live.
but mr. kailash is my best neighbor.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
if everybody were able to take books out of a library just because it was offensive would we have any books at all?
books have been around for a very long time.
in a library there will always be a book that someone disagrees with or someone will find it offensive.
i strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes.
now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication.
what if somebody took out the kind that only you like to read?
i am very much against censorship.
i say that the reason why people are failing school is because of all this stuff.
my father told me never to give up.
instead seeing the through their own eyes they are seeing it on videos or in on the internet.
it seems you cannot always make everyone happy.
not interacting with anyone causes their social skills to weaken since they are always on the computer.
a small shrub with waxy leaves and dainty flowers with purplish petals and white centers.
some people, their jobs are on computers.
so you might as well make good use with it.
by ending the story like this, it leaves the reader in suspense because they do not know if the geese will return.
first of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun: , people can learn very interesting facts.
if something is that offensive to that many people, they should be mature enough to ignore what they see and find what they like.
also, in the desert some animals can be very dangerous on the cyclist journey, he saw a poisonous snake.
most use this account to talk to their friends online.
i think that computers have a very positive effect on our lives.
a lot of business transactions and presentations are done out on a computer for maximum efficiency.
they would rather just sit down, crack open a magazine, and let their eyes glaze over at the sights of celebrities and new scandals.
it expands peoples interactive life, helping them make new friends.
she feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her.
we need the computer for everything if i were to ask my dad what the square root of pie is he would tell me google it.
those are all my reasons to why people should really go on computers.
the sand there is so deep, the wheels of vehicles get sunk
my third reason is finding out things.
for example if you are doing a project for school.
it gives us thoughts we have never thought about before and they tell us the newest updates.
the absence of people makes him feel stressed and worried about his journey.
movies that are funny entertain children daily ; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh.
when the government is making decisions that effect us that personally, do we still truly have freedom?
the heat made him drink more so he ran out of water more quickly.
as teen who attends school i know that i would not be able to do a lot of my school work and projects without my computer.
that is why i see computers as a positively amazing thing.
most information would have to from brooks.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows how everything is changing and adapting to the change.
he arrives at the first town but it is completely deserted.
this memoir relates to people and real life.
there are children around the age of in there, and younger too.
part of colonial simultaneously cause and reflects on this change.
if you want to know why computers are useful, just keep on reading.
her mother said the flower was not as pretty but will survive.
people will spend less time exercising, less time outdoors enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
show cool thing you have that are new.
all this must have taken a toll because he never really saw anything reassuring until the last town he reached with the bait store.
introduction-a proverb-its meaning, literally-examples to explain-timely action needed-the ship and the crew-conclusion.
the features of the setting had a big impact on the cyclist.
for them for many reasons.
new times & the wall street have moved their news mainly to the internet allowing people across the to see them.
it also helps keep everything organized that way.
maybe, but all depends on who you are and angers you.
many people go to libraries; such as children, parents, and grandparents.
because of the rate of the water, he felt life was cruel sometimes and he thought that he was at the point of losing water.
most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information.
there are pros and cons to computers but manly cons.
there are about two
most parents find it offensive that book stores or other places sell these type of books to their children.
there is nothing to worry about.
i know that spending too much time on a computer is not all that great, but these are just of the benefits from it so please consider this.
first all, think about the schools that the runs.
there is good old fashioned music such as .
the features of this setting effect the author while he is cycling.
this is accentuated especially in the dark psychological science fiction novel by , .
also, say you want to go far for vacation; like .
that is also a typing game.
the bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them.
you can gather information from servers websites, , you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer.
i soon found out yes, they were.
we had dinner at the platform.
this is unfair for any student, because this novel is inspiring and life changing, so they are definitely missing out.
some people think that certain book, movies, magazines, or music should be removed from libraries because they be found offensive.
if children want to see or read this material they should get permission from their parents first.
finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life.
second of all, is that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
if someone was at a library, and thought the ' ' series were offensive, they might be the only ones to think that.
the memories the hibiscus bring back are also very sad.
technology and new information is so vast its extremely difficult to censor.
the best part is that is free.
people can also read things like newspaper online.
we just need to embrace the fact that everyone is different, and that is not a joke.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
they could start criticizing people for being different.
i do agree with this because with our countries of obesity.
if you have to look up a new country, look at far away colleges or find out about the world, why not visit your handy computer?
i find ' in the ' to be dangerously inappropriate.
you gotta love it!?
not everyone likes rap music, but it is still playing on the radio.
finally, a building came into view.
i sat under a shady tree.
computers effect people in so positive ways.
the library should only take off the items that regular visitors to the library ask for.
the second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places.
foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government.
if you do you will learn so many things.
or how they see the actors in the movie and they curse and they think is cool cause there doing it as well.
in these parents' opinion, the rape scene in the book was far too disturbing for their precious daughter.
this hope allowed the narrator to because more tenacious about his journey in order to arrive at the old building.
most importantly, you can have fun.
every person he asked told him is near, but from dehydration, it took him longer.
they have a pair of eyes and a pointed beak.
he is being introduces to crude language, sexual behavior, and criminal acts in the minute time period it takes to listen to the full song.
all around the libraries are doing a good job with how they handle it.
do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it?
for example people such as .
people used to wait that just standing there.
thank you for reading my paper.
i believe is acceptable because there are certain materials and music that a young child should not be exposed to.
i tend to not read very many books about the world.
you can pick from many different music videos and music.
he lives in the school.
yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment.
they enjoy it if you did take it off then what else would they put up?
sure you can find out that is having that big blowout sale, but you cant search up the best deal.
libraries are public places and should be safe for any age no matter whether they are young babies or adults.
they be considered censorship, but that is one step away from being banned.
censorship is where things are sheltered from the the light of day.
i know that of the population of the , prefer computer sources over book sources because computers are so much easier when it comes to finding specific information.
also, if a student has a paper due the , but their printer is broken, they email the paper to the teacher.
without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year!
you get excited and feel your the smartest person in the world.
first of all, a group of young boys and girls came on the stage.
when the pumped the handle of the old rusted water pump, he said the water felt, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise.
all of these features of the setting have negative affects on the cyclist.
if you are religious, you should have the right to be able to read what you want.
the author is grateful for the things parents did for him so he could get a better life.
i believe by !
nobody is forcing that person to read this book, so why make a big deal about it?
this also adds a cozy feel to the environment.
so why are people complaining about it.
i just think that that is a waste of time, when you basically have everything you need twenty foot away.
he also says hes never listening to old men and hell always use the map.
now people of all ages can use it for all different kinds of things.
you are so excited until you realize you know nothing about .
just how endless celebrations brought life in there warm home.
the offensive materials are out there to be pick up by some people including children.
a few months ago, i put a message on the message board on the website which said i would be on vacation for a week.
though we can only hope that by giving people such knowledge they can rise up and do what is right.
do you want that for our youth?
wonder how he was going to survive.
in conclusion, this is the reason the author concluded the paragraph with this sentence.
those sites you have to use on.
the people who spent most of their time on the computer are the people who are addicted.
its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family.
music always contains warnings for the rating of the book.
sure they can mail it out but that would take forever for people to find out about it and learn about it.
dear the editor of the citizen, has been brought to my attention from some people around that computers and technology are bad for us.
would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online.
and the last con of censorship in libraries is the lack of perspective and learning a book brings.
what do you do when you want to know what the capital of is?
if it has a good message to send to you will think about it.
music is passion to most people.
first you should always be happy no matter what culture your in.
computers not only help that but they are plentiful & can be used in places such as libraries on internet cafe.
i like to read subjects such as murder files, drug bust, biographies, and autobiographies.
in the way the author ends the story it helps give inspiration for a new beginning and new season.
being censored is not protecting anyone it only makes things worse.
the hills also affected the cyclist by making him tired.
it is not right for the kids to see any offensive or uncensored material.
for example or use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay.
people have different cultures and beliefs.
being beautiful is not just on the outside.
you never know what new technology could bring.
i really think he should just do what he thinks is right and not listen to crazy old men anymore.
it is a right to be able to obtain the information theses materials offer.
library should be a place for learning, doing work, and reading.
that is where places are trying to clean things up.
the opinion of one person should not effect materials being able to be on a shelf or not.
as for me being catholic there is a codex of forbidden books that is a list of books that i am not supposed to read as a good catholic.
you can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world.
one book to one person could mean something totally different to another.
the joy of the people ended soon.
do you look at your computer differently ?
censorship should not play a role because everyone has their own opinions on what is looked at as offensive and what is not.
after he hits rolling hills and a sign warning of rough road and not exceeding the speed limit.
they earn the right to drive, then the right to vote, then the right to drink responsibly.
his parents passed down their culture to him and he is happy that they did.
and that books has been banned from being taught in schools simply because it says a racial term.
or might get yourself killed.
points are scored by throwing the ball into the basket fixed at each end of the court.
he takes care of them and they take care of him.
books are needed for research.
but after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her.
and although these books contain some writing that is offensive now, they still have shaped the culture today.
we should hate a box the has information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in are home.
just recently there was an earthquake in and million of civilians died.
you can just open a chat window and talk away, just like that.
that is why i think the author wrote that as the last paragraph.
well the internet does.
i found it very easily because i knew where it should have been and what it looks like.
there, every thing is so stereotyped.
maybe even just a fun computer game is nice.
another idea i have is if you see a younger kid by older people books, movies, etc.
this letter will effect others so thanks for reading.
while others argue that they are very helpful.
some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true.
there are many things we can do to stop our children from watching, listening, and learning about these negative things in life.
if you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results.
these advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information.
libraries are not there to stop things from reaching little kids' ears but to provide any knowledge a man needs.
without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion.
he had a very simple
the song writers, singers, publishers, and authors who write this material have the freedom to do so.
i wish i could play with her like i do with my other friends.
this is much like how our libraries are becoming.
yes, being on the computer definitely has a bad side.
a library, for example, is one place you find some of these conflicts.
it has a charm of its own.
we can chat with our friends, which is very useful.
so then you play more and get addicted.
i also think that the materials on that shelf is allowed to be removed as long as those materials get put back in that spot no matter what.
we should not drive our vehicles very fast.
you could write a paper on the computer for example read on to see how i support my reasons of why computers are helpful in peoples lives.
last and final reason is its fun and easy to use.
“live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.”
they learn from us and our generation.
, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come.
so she now was determined to battle the odds as well and retake the test she failed.
the question is does computers have a positive effect on society?
reading in itself is a great pleasure.
this agent can currently be installed on such products as our televisions, computers, and phones.
also, should enjoy life.
but most the people that i know that are different colored are pretty hilarious and sometimes make jokes about it.
it helps people learn new things about different cultures.
but if they have a computer, they can just google the information.
but many people are abusing the and not when to get off.
i am a very talk person, but i know how to talk on line if.
then even if she fails she will still be happy since her favorite plant is budding.
i could make that he said.
if we take these mature books and other types of media off the shelves our children will have better lives.
thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper.
you quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her.
in a big town or city, there are many post offices and their branches.
it shows the theme of the story really.
social skills are the difference between success and failure.
can we somehow get kids to not see them?
just go on your computer and play some game or just find some activities you whole family could do.
the world of music has evolved so much over the past decades of time.
of those kids are too involved in their compute games.
other people can find out about places they might go.
its all in perspective.
the features of the setting in the essay rough road ahead.
television, news, drama, life, and controversy.
other games are also addicting too.
example, with something possibly about someone being racist.
computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today.
which brings me to my next point.
people from children whose parents would be appalled by what their kids are reading about to adults find books offensive.
social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time.
take to a for instance, back in that time, it was common for black people to talk slang, and common for men to curse when mad.
the mood created by the author made me feel grateful for what i have in life.
during the spring season, we can work for more time.
in some ways, censorship is necessary and in other ways, some people just want attention.
on the other hand, children should not be able to reach or see some of this.
many people like different books, music, movies, and magazines.
a major debate of today would be that of the media.
normally i would have to slave over books to find something.
someone can only take so much and then when they reach that point nothing turns out any good.
i do agree this is the case in some ways.
they know more stuff then my parents, and its because now a days kids pick up on stuff a lot more easier.
any book could be offensive to any one person.
the mood that this author set was that of love and compassion, and he did a very good job of explaining what his childhood home meant to him.
these four boys, who are all around eleven years old, use curse words that some adults would be afraid to use in every day life.
she was still going to take it again, she might get good luck from the hibiscus.
it should be colorful and playful as possible.
the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
those are my three reasons.
business and commercial line is just the thing which i hate.
dear , have you ever spent more than an hour at once on the computer?
they say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do.
the author includes this because many people can relate to this and find hope in things.
we have all read something that we did not necessarily want to finish or that we wish we had not read.
other reasons why to say no to removing the reading material could be because has humans we always are willing to learn something new, by .
this could make some satisfying results.
does the society really want to take away knowledge of whats going on around us and our history?
people will always have different points of view.
you know what else on the computer can help you with information?
i went be an ideal teacher.
it gives the mind something positive to hold on to.
in addition to that, there are websites who offer free movies and television shows to be streamed right to your computer.
but when they do move its to get something to eat or go get their phone.
that sweat was all over him.
this can lead to obesity or other weight issues.
people today are too worried about other people.
first off, there are many skills you can develop on the computer.
avoiding such problems is easy, keep the books and all other material in a library on the shelves.
violence in books seem to spread across schools.
lastly, to find a happy medium between the offended and the people like me.
well its so learning a new culture is a faster way of making friends.
he brings his cattle with him.
please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens.
hardly anyone will read them anyway.
it is the right of any human to be able to go to a library and be able to read about any subject he or she wants.
my aunt got her online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job.
the main character says, the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
going back to my introduction my first reason was you can find stuff online.
this means some people prefer to write than type.
the flower brought back comforting memories for her, so she bought one of the plants and returned.
the fairies were singing beautiful songs.
this means you could play alone, with a friend, or the whole family.
the people will choose what they want or what they think they want to read or watch or listen too.
on the hand, i believe the computers put positive effects on people.
so yes parents and other people do have the right to sensor movies and book, etc.
however, i disagree with that.
sometimes he brings the note-books of the students to his home.
people need to read the introduction before checking out the book to know if they like it or not.
in this memoir, there are many moods created by the author.
over were of the hills he saw a building came in no view.
the hibiscus dies off over the winter and starts budding again in the spring, this shows that winter is its weakness.
a movie that many people have seen recently is slumdog .
people need them to have an enjoyable life.
some are even unfit for young eyes.
the authors parents bought a house that was big enough for his family and his mood was grateful due to his parents.
she buys it and takes it home in a pot.
computers make you become become smarter.
if materials are offensive they should not be displayed.
children should not see any of the content because it is not right for a child.
the stores just put the products on the shelf to make money not to get you angry about what the products say.
this shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it.
censorship causes people to become uneducated which on the other hand makes it illegal for a person to speak out against something even if it wrong.
therefore, i support her sentiment.
they worked hard on writing and publishing their novels, they should be able to show them off.
this shows that he has been drinking his water too fast due to the heat from being in the desert at summertime.
aunt only allowed us to watch one hour as a day, that included the computer.
that type of book, however, should not be found in the library.
the reason i say this is because is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer .
should be censored in some cases.
and because they tend to want to type faster, it will help even more because the finger and eye will have to work in mission to type faster.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show that like the hibiscus flower, she will adapt to the terrain and toils of .
without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read.
there was often people staying in his house because they temporarily needed a place to stay until they got back on their feet.
i understand that some people not agree with me, however i propose that my side is the best.
a parent not want their child to read, hear, or see something simply because it offends them.
i think they could put stuff in there about drug or alcohol perhaps but not go in depth, but keep it at a bare minimum.
checking out a book from the library requires the same decision.
computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives.
for example, the series is offensive to some guys and girls.
students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier.
everyone is different and unique in the world and they have their own unique opinions.
there are millions of books and other media in libraries all across the world.
they make people become unhealthy and can get their personal information hacked by a virus.
computers are like chocolate.
it could always be much worse than what it is.
now that their in , their garden and the plants in it remind them of that homeland, and how there life used to be.
do you think that any material from the library should be taken off the shelf just because someone or a couple of people think its offensive or terrible?
my dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him.
this means that they are great cooks and have skills for cooking.
they can put a warning label on the book or movie to inform people that that particular item is considered offensive.
he tells how even though his community was made up of many races they still lived in friendship and unity.
why would you go outside if you could play life - like games on your ?
what makes him more angry is that they seemed so sure.
that sounds like a good thing to me!
your family is much more important than a silly computer game.
computers can have benefit society.
there are people who hate change.
when the people use the computer, there are many choices that they have to make, like what websites to go to and what to download or watch.
finally a computer allows us to learn different cultures around the world.
of hospitals nationwide say that computers are on essential in their facilities.
beggars are a great nuisance.
the heat will make you very tired, and you will lose a lot of energy.
i think they are important and needed.
the second reason why i support advances in technology is because we can chat with friends and family online.
certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising.
it was dry, lifeless and hot the sun was beating on him and he needed to frequently drink water, but he was running out.
take this for example.
but, i say they are wrong.
second, there were short rolling hills, and rough roads which made it hard to ride on.
many teachers and students use computers daily to help them teach.
but for you close family, you could be missing out on their lives and how they are doing.
to not use such a complex and developed system such as the computer is completely irrational, the computer is the future plain and simple.
in conclusion i strongly believe that these materials should be left on the shelf.
anything, as in research or personal reasons.
that is what family is about.
loved him and they elected him as their president.
i felt very alone and stupid.
my father’s name is peter.
the policeman should be honest, polite, kind and literate to serve the people.
people know their limits and if they know the contents then they should stay away.
if you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on .
also, of those , provide reliable, correct information.
it shows her getting used to the new home
that is what matters.
rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit at this point he had no water left and he was pretty much in the middle of nowhere.
instead go to a book store and buy whatever you need there.
were did you turn to?
dear local newspaper, i have been asked to write a letter stating opinion on the effects, computers have on people.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
the reason for the decision to end on an optimistic note are as follows.
i still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material.
its appeal both to the eyes and the ears is great.
the setting can affect a cyclist in a lot of ways.
one could not go to a library and get different points of views on every subject.
we can grow as people from being offended or having offensive material brought to our attention.
technology, such as computers are very big.
i think people should not use computers.
she decides that she was going to over comes its obstacles just as the flower over comes its obstacles every winter.
experts also say that is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier.
this proves that it takes away time outside alone with exercise.
he ends up cycling in a desert with no water just barley able to push the pedals of his bike.
some people say computers are not distracting, well i say they are.
there needs to be a limitations to keep certain things away from certain age groups.
we need computers.
it would have been a lot easier for the cyclist if store or people would have been around, exact is the animals.
it can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you.
there were even signs for rough road ahead, obstacle was a mental obstacle.
most importantly, you use the computer for school work.
there are things like books that talk about sex.
and the library is a good way to search and find information about anything
also, you can talk with your friends if your phones not working.
censorship is a tricky concept.
this is what will happen if people spend to much time on the computers.
finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story.
it gives them great pleasure to see them happy and satisfied.
this one is a sort of spear against the devil of carelessness.
if you think it might be offensive to you, then set it back on the shelf.
so this brings to my final that computers are a bad influence on human and we should use less of them and for ourselves by doing not seeing.
he could talk his friends into becoming what he is.
in the olden days, people used clay to put up walls.
there are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination.
instant message, and .
is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos.
you can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in this story.
the freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people.
computers can help you keep in touch with them!
my mother’s name is anita.
you could be able to find what college a famous actor went to in a matter of seconds.
if they work on computers during a long period of the day, head home to spend more time on the computer, whats that doing to your body?
the internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas.
i would have to say no.
this kept us active and enjoy the environment.
for example, you find a website but its not suitable for minor.
and other people should not get offended by what other like.
it scars culture, and ignores religion.
first of all, computer bring about online communication.
some features that are mentioned in the story are heat, rough road, long crippling hills and a abandoned grape juice factory.
if a book can be published then it can be put in libraries.
show just look online you will find it.
also the hibiscus will survive, and while she works towards her goal it will develop more.
for instance, he makes it to this town a guy swore was there, but it turned out to be abandoned.
speech on: the importance of games and sports
the mood is mostly calm & happy because telling the courage his parents had.
takes him over terrain not suitable for biking.
all we can do block it out of our lives.
many websites are designed for this reason.
this is how the author creates the mood in the story.
the setting of the story had affected the bike rider in many way.
the author goes to describe his family, which were loving but poor.
it used to be that books were read to learn something new, or to open your mind to a new culture or piece of information.
is it a problem?
they never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky.
as someone once said, ' who do not know their history are bound to repeat it'.
are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured?
the mood of this memoir is .
criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art.
but shell be more prepared.
here, he creates a mood of warmth, and a very family oriented upbringing, all positively.
this is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers.
therefore, those parents brought the books to the attention of the school board, who quickly removed the books from its library shelves.
so why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come.
it was a cold day.
as like movies though they are there to provide entertainment.
as you know the author of this book is named .
they want to know about everything and they will ask as many questions as they can.
but since children go in there and can have access to anything in there, they can end up finding something that can be offensive.
the day was a good day and wants to take the test on the same day.
it a snake was in the road, then the town must be empty because around here streets are busy and no snakes in the road.
these are just two methods of that the computer enables us to have.
he got his shoes on and he ran to the door, he was so excited.
it is a fast and easy way to communicate with someone.
plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software.
lastly, the cyclist was in the middle of nowhere.
that electricity comes from power plants.
they see the cover that intrigue them.
he used to take me in aero plane also.
email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages.
according to the essay features of the setting affect the cyclist.
sometimes, your letter is even lost, and these is no way of finding out.
after this town he came to, one ramshackle shed, several thirsty pumps, and men.
like i said everyone is different.
please, let the people stay in touch!
i can see how this would be very beneficial to traveling business men who might need a room for the night.
there should be an age limit on some materials however.
if we did that, we would have to take away all religious books so that no one was offended.
i believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today over use that power.
to start off, it makes you spend less time with your family.
lets face it, computers are faster then us; way faster.
another part of the setting would be the obvious element of temperature.
movies are most likely the hardest things to sensor.
this is why i support the computers.
computers also help your imagination.
another example is when he had to overcome tumbleweeds and snakes.
therefore this is how the author was affected by the setting he was biking .
on whats going on.
its also because there is very little water left for him.
also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know.
take i for an example.
clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination.
libraries who have offensive books are not trying to offend anyone in anyway, they are on the shelves for the education of the reader or viewer.
', but only slightly.'
furthermore, computers are great for all kinds of research and directions.
any one has the right to anything.
people have the freedom to choose, whether it is books, magazines, movies, or music.
when it comes to things like this, there is a huge range of topics.
ghost towns come across very old, run down and dull.
it is a very simple concept.
that, at least, she could hold on to.
she goes out and buys a hibiscus plant for well over what she what she should have paid for it.
saying this, is saying that is grateful that his parents would give up their lives as they knew it for him.
computers provide games for everyone from ages to .
for example, i like to listen to hard rock, heavy metal, and rap.
well at least my life it is.
libraries have people that come in and out of the library everyday.
even schools use computers!
these books and magazines and movies only help us become stronger people.
if you really think of it, are computers as beneficial as we think?
the friend who recommended the movie, or the library for having this movie on the shelves and letting the young kid check it out?
exercise is important for the mind and body.
i think that computers are helpful with projects, homework, or letters.
children who have been secluded should learn that curse words are a part of reality also.
when it comes to these technological devices there are pros but there the cons can easily outweigh them.
first, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends.
go to college and do something with their lives.
when someone writes a book on something, they usually have a lot of interest in whatever topic they are discussing.
soon i was one of them.
this same thing applies with movies.
this is the fault of an immoral world.
what organizational tool could help me in this situation?
i spend two hours daily in my garden.
i find it amazing how someone from one country could write a book, then someone from another country could read it.
some of it should be left up to the school or library, but it is also a responsibility of the parents.
can you believe this?
being exposed to offensive material and different viewpoints helps shape ourselves into who we are or will become.
to the local newspaper, i think using computers does not have a negative effect on people.
just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones.
which is good because its much easier.
i have read it and was not offended.
in conclusion, you can see the negative effect computers have on people.
as a conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can hurt your life in many ways.
but, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible.
he is also effected by the things that come with the change in terrain.
just ignore it.
taking away things does not mean your just taking away from one, it means your taking away from everyone.
this could also cause a problem because he cant renew his water source, which means he has to conserve it, and cant use as much energy.
lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online.
are you hearing this from your children than usual?
multiple people do have to use computers for multiple things.
the lack of water affects the cyclist because it is hot outside and he needs water.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
what would happen to us with out this wonderful invention?
is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family.
how would you feel?
this is what the statement is saying, she failed her tasks so in the spring once the hibiscus blooms again, she will attempt to complete her task.
i remember one time a few years ago.
materials at a library should not be censored because the materials would decrease, people would choose what to look at, and the material would help with research.
there are lots of bullies people who want to sell you stuff, and people who want your personal info.
thank you for taking your time and effort to read this, i hope it has persuaded many people.
and look up place see.
i feel offensive when a magazine shows girls are pretty because it makes people feel insecure about themselves.
i say that because the people who are mostly on the computers only know about things when it is on the computer.
i believe that people should not be able to remove books, movies, magazines, etc.
computer also take precious time away from exercise.
out of have at least two computers in the house for a reason.
without them, there would be no books for anybody to read.
the story is somewhat sad.
dear , i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people because, you could get obsessed with the computer.
then they will be mad and then that just an other fight.
during the whole time that there is death in the air, the desert with nothing growing, no water, the cyclist is thinking about his death.
my first reason, is that important people around the world used computers to have a better future on life.
you understand why books are placed on shelves for in the first place, no its not for the money.
now, who would want their child listening to songs that make it seem like drinking, doing drugs, and other various risky activities are okay?
he had problems with thirst already and had to deal with a snake that really did look like a diamondback.
dear , i understand your one trying to decide whether or not computers are bad for people.
that dose not mean though it should be taken away.
read, , and ?
they have recent events that happen around the country and around the world.
the cyclist said they saw a ghost town.
we can also get postcards, inland letters, and envelopes at these windows.
you have the info you need!
the ground becomes slippery.
those people could be on there for hours talking to people.
it is important to know what is going on or what has gone on in the world.
this is how society works today and it is not just because we were brought up that way; this is how we think and how we act.
one feature is the hot weather and area he is in.
dear , computers have a positive impact on people.
people should get off their butts and go.
flip a coin heads tails , you pick heads, stop surfing the web to get info on that place!.
our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology.
and third, we are losing the ability to communicate with the people around us.
people like to listen to music on their or while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it.
people should maintain a right to choose which books he or she want to read.
he took directions from older people who promised the rider a short cut.
some people do not love in an area where they can connect with family by a simple call or a drive.
for as long as people can remember books have been banned for various reasons.
many people all over the world go on the internet to buy or sell products.
they can be against some peoples religion and way of life.
instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to drive you to the library.
things got bad.
an other reason why is educational is because you can type your paper on so your teacher can actually read your handwriting.
but if people got off the computers and traveled and enjoyed nature, they would be able to live it, not just see a picture.
you could be talking with your friend and seeing them right on your computer just with a click of the cursor.
there are educational websites to learn about things.
i hung my head, means that he was depressed.
some people see this as a great advancement.
are offensive and are bad that they should be removed, the reason being is because of younger children.
as she was having tea with him, the kids came crowding in.
our founding fathers wrote out one of the documents establishing this trend on the prompting of the general public.
secondly, talk to family and friends without having to spend money.
it is obvious here that lack of water is affecting his in a big way.
even though you know its not there, but you just looking and you end up finding whatever it is you where looking for.
now computers are very popular.
staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to.
therefore, you can learn about their culture and what they do in their country.
playing free online games with your friends.
the cyclist encouraged himself to keep going, just to find an open building.
with the technological revolution came games like .
five correct explains everything about his home that made him who he is today.
you can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family.
furthermore, instant messenger is the most addicting.
this allows you to type and sent emails faster.
you can tell if a certain section or material is crossing the line.
your computer is making you stupid.
that is the boys mood in the story.
if its finally out and people have the chance to buy it, they hope it will stay available.
what views, what prose, what beauty has been taking from us while we continue living, never having the chance to glimpse it?
they can talk to each other but most of all see each other.
i hope that you can see it my way, and help me in fixing this issue once and for all.
the entire lunch period, we sat talking.
she will be determined to pass the test and fit in sooner or later.
the computer is a very valuable too!
instead of going online, get going outside.
not many succeed with this goal, which brings up another negative effect to the body.
now is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time.
i firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities.
indeed, many people in this world are influenced with bad things.
its so simple!
the memoir explains how proud the author was of their parents.
it was more depressing.
why would a book be published, or written for that matter, if we were not intended to read it?
that also shows how grateful the author is.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
i believe censorship in libraries are needed to protect the minds of children and people who are easily influenced by the thoughts of others.
you can learn about faraway places.
this local market has made our lives very easy as all day-to-day items are available at a comfortable distance.
the features in the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
also you can have the ability to talk to people.
certain derogatory and offensive music is available in libraries, and it should be removed from the shelves as .
that knowledge i had obtain then had helped me later on my .
to them, death is not a big deal.
the bumps, hills and wildlife affected the cyclists journey.
that is why computers can have a negative effect on not only you, but your family and friends too.
dear , the computers that are being used, do have a positive effect on people.
my third opinion for computers is that some people are to ill to go to work so they work online.
there won' be many if you eyes are glued to the computer screen.
he uses our telephone freely.
after the second page, my hands hurt very badly, , not only was i completing my essay, i was also exercising my hands.
for personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your fellow peers in order to work on school projects.
as people develop their own opinions and views overtime they begin to distinguish the difference between right and wrong.
many things are offensive, but then again much of life offensive.
the terrain in this story is hilly and filled with deserts.
many people think that computers are not a good thing.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
one reason is that the heat of the setting caused the author become dehydrated.
punctuality means doing something at the fixed or appointed time.
if people spend all their time on computers, then do they exercise.
long distance phone calls cost a lot.
just think, what if you could not read that book because it was offensive to someone else in your school?
they need to get outside and see the outside world, people should interact with family and friends.
well talking online helps!
many books, movies, and music are being removed from libraries because they are found offensive.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
three fourths kids under age go online more than adults age because the interest in what is on it.
not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, can entertain you as well.
do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
you can be on the computer and still listen to music.
the lack of water and settlements slowed him down.
some people think this is a bad idea but i disagree.
religion, politics, and morals can lead to some nasty debates, but sometimes we have to just agree to disagree.
he grabs one and we are on our way to get it checked out and the lights go off.
computers can be used for many different things.
but to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend.
if people are prevented from reading what they want, then many will not read, period.
a child was left inside the house.
this is an understandable point, but who is the government to promote only what they want to promote?
nobody would know much about other nations and news would travel slower.
i remember my older sister had to do some research on , the computer gave her all of the information she needed.
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
you can tell by the way she knew what her gift was.
he can keep his hopes for himself and follow a true set of directions.
the author does an excellent job for creating many moods in this memoir.
although, censored books have a great story behind them, the material that supports it can cause a dispute between different people who have different beliefs.
another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers.
it can and will mentally scar them for life.
in the end the feature of the setting only made him more determined to reach water.
some of the movies and books people find offensive can be pretty bad and say nasty things and stuff like that.
there are so many great things they can be used for.
on , i went to the library with my brother to pick out a book for him.
someone riots and they get to take off the shelf.
the hibiscus flower is viewed as a symbol of hope and a reminder of their homeland.
we must admire their hard work.
but in the story three main features of the setting affected the cyclist the most.
you do not know who could get their hands on that movie, book, or article.
with more people making use of computers, will be the more technology benefits our society.
however, are some books just too much to handle and should not be read?
another good effect on the computer is we can talk to friends online.
our school gate and the road had ankle deep water.
eventually everyone is going to be exposed to the type of material in some of these books and etc.
children are the future , everything that happens in the future will be because of them .
some people spend way too much time on the internet.
in conclusion i do believe that humans have the right to read, watch, or listen to what they want.
all i am trying to get at is that good books with bad language should not be censored just because of some of the words it has in it.
dear newspaper, my name is .
this was the first obstacle which affected him.
most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all sorts of entertainment.
they left their family and friends to give their son a better life.
so, though you think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life.
people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time.
you could do lots of other stuff than lay on the computer.
is that truly what people are doing at the libraries now, or are people there to look at vulgar books, magazines, and movies?
it was very helpful.
that means that even though someone is not blood related to you can love them just as much as if they were.
i wish only to be a scholar and i am glad, i am trying hard for the same.
computer even have a positive effect on people across the world.
getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment.
even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe.
so, these children start making actions and start behaving the same way the characters are in the book.
going off road or riding on a dirt road might be a challenge.
a camel can tell of coming sand-storm.
one example is that people that stay on the computer wont have much fun on other people.
during lunch and dinner, we have cereals in the form of rice, wheat and whole grains.
i was the only student in our grade that knew that answer.
to see such selfless act is just wonderful.
well, i do.
think about the a day doing fat because of all the fast food on the computer while eating it.
you should love who you are and what you look like.
an ideal student should give respect to his teachers, parents, and elders.
by cutting out at least some these hours, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily routine.
i do, and are why i learn about places before i go is by looking that particular place up on the internet.
the theme of the story is when life seems hard take a new approach.
like one book being taken out because it was about worshiping the devil, or something.
the library should provide a section for so that they can read appropriate material.
so their for i think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad.
parents and libraries should be more responsible about the offensive content that the children could possibly have access to.
there is also a great rush of passengers at the inquire office.
he talks about the memories he had there.
people may choose gardening, stamp-collecting.
after that, she took us for a walk round the garden.
the features of the setting extremely affect the adjust in the ride to the meet town.
there are many reasons as to why items are censored or not censored, but libraries should not have to censor certain items.
but if it is censored then they will not even be able to read it when they get older.
are three examples how the cyclist had been affected due to the setting of the story.
why would you take a book off of a shelf because it offends one or a couple people?
the driver was badly hurt.
the author also ends with this paragraph because when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
books are not as innocent as they seem, anymore.
take action now!
you can also go to school online.
lastly, some adults would be upset of the removal of some books.
so this is one reason that i think a computer is good for.
so you should go to the library, but no one can take you.
if a child reads a couple times a day it is proven that said child will do better in life.
in libraries they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to, before they rent it out.
but one must not censor libraries!
teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject.
one of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world.
students who are young, usually get to learn to type.
the mood created in the memoir is very loving and caring and it shows appreciation to the authors parents.
older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack.
without it they will have sloppy handwriting, absolutely no chance at sports, and much more.
it helps kids fit in.
eventually, there would be no books left.
throughout his trip, the author does not after come desert civilization.
i feel as though everyone has the right to choose what they read and listen to.
in the story it is said there was a sign that said rough road ahead.
music can get too extensive as well.
they can go onto and type in any question they want to be answered.
yet he continues on and then says what i believed was my last burst of energy, i was going to die.
computers effect families everyday lives by giving them online educations.
not only it supply info it also prepare our for the world.
traveling is such a without a computer with out it you have to go to to buy tickets.
the people in his neighborhood were very kind and generous people.
or maybe its just in our common nature for us to be offended when something we like gets made fun of.
some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time on computers, and i believe that they are correct.
but that just be because that is the way they were raised, causing them to think in that same respect.
this is a problem because almost every great book ever wrote has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that certain reader.
there are games that come with the computers and a lot of games on the internet.
this the the thing that i find most disturbing about some materials.
try opening a book!
i sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter.
people that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much.
also they help kids learn, if you keep them locked up and not knowing anything, then how far are they going to get in life?
he stays back after the school gets over and leaves after locking up all the rooms.
the invention of , and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it sure did turn into one.
the more people get computers the people exercise.
that is bad that they would have that on there shelf, just because that makes there library looks like a trashed up place to go to.
this last paragraph is a good, positive and hopeful ending to this touching story, so the reader knows to have hope in life.
teaching you parents how to use is a great responsibility for your actions.
this application allows you to take notes by typing, which again eliminates the need to write with a pencil or a paper.
of use their computers to talk with others online.
women and children can find all of these materials offensive.
the store market is also run on computers.
by allowing the censoring of libraries it would decrease the amount of information available to the public.
with the use of internet people can learn about faraway places without spending money to go there.
allowing that music, or movie, or book to be made, and then take it away is ridiculous.
also when the cyclist went through a terrain change.
censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country.
some people feel the need to disagree and say computers are bad for people.
i believe that this technology is a great help to society today.
children should be encouraged to read and to learn, not blocked from doing so.
where would businesses be without computers?
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
with a phone you can only chat with each other, but a computer has a webcam.
please let them keep teaching
this is great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do.
many people have family and friends that live far away from them.
they also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all.
so this is why i think libraries should be able to censor things.
to make the growing unity of world possible, development of psychological health is essential.
in example use for projects.
one can enjoy the walk.
censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading materials that people can learn from and enjoy.
the mood in this memoir is created by the people and family who live there, and go there.
computers also help learn about other countries and the people that live there.
and you can take online classes.
this is why a teacher needs to read the book before assigning it the students.
using computers is an easy way to talk with friends.
with webcams that are attachable to some computers or some that are embedded within the computers you can talk to them.
instead of waiting for the reports to stop talking and , you can check instantly on one of the many news websites and still be early.
there is no sign outside the door that says only certain ages of people can visit certain areas of the store.
he seems to have had a very nice childhood and has always thanked his parents for that.
censorship is wrong, especially in the ; the citizens are granted the freedom of speech and the freedom of press.
if technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity.
he builds castles of sand and feels very happy.
a student receives a classic home work assignment.
others feel that sensitive audiences not be comfortable with the text.
cycling is a vigorous exercise and can take much strength out of a rider.
say yes to computers good effect!
music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking it out on the people that have hurt them or the people that they have hurt themselves.
the reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph is to give you an idea of how she feels about what happened to her.
but no one really makes a huge thing out of it.
they can set rules for their children, saying they only see rated movies, or they have to have parental consent to read a magazine or novel.
this paragraph was very important and without it these events would be left hanging.
no one makes those people read those books, its by their choice.
removing all of these offending books, you would basically be removing half the books in the library.
for me i think it is.
i think you would find more things about that person that you would in books.
books are another way of learning as well, they all are not bad for the younger or whosoever it be.
you will need computer skills in various jobs and what better to start than now.
well, you can visit some cousins on the weekends.
computers are now an important piece of society.
it still exists.
and wandering because the conclusion leaves a lot to be answered.
there is just to name a few.
to begin, computers help to reach , children, and even adults the skill of typing.
i guess he is just very grateful for his parents, his childhood, everything and everyone he has ever met, had or done in his life.
that told him he was the one talking to him online.
do you believe that computers give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places?
computers can do more harm than good.
we want to keep your children away from the bad things
the censor often poses a few questions that do cause one to wonder ' it really better off this way?'.
the mood being created is happiness and sadness.
computers are essential to these people.
that seems fair enough.
it really does hold us back, and is worse for our health.
computers have a large positive effect on our lifestyle.
new , computers is a benefit to society.
a library is a place that brings all sorts of people together.
at the same time a library can have pros and cons to its information.
because the materials some times harm the child or maybe even put the child in the hospital.
the part where he has no shade has to suck because he has the sun beating down on him all the time.
until that happens, i hope they do not censor their materials.
vowed silently to herself then i will take that test again.
books, newspapers, and magazines are good things, and they could be bad things.
to conclusion i believe computers have a huge negative effect on people.
children are our future because when i am old they will be the ones who are caring for me, so for me censorship is big deal for me.
there are bad books but there are also good books in the library.
things such as computers are a main cause of lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health.
this can get many kids in trouble if they are not careful on these websites.
there were many features that affected the cyclist.
so go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun.
the rice plant needs a lot of mud and water in the early stages of growth.
the computer is a very important piece of technology.
how do computers do that?
he was pulled into our boat.
some information should be only seen by adults.
last minute things can even be online.
that goes with magazines and books.
with computers come the internet, and with the internet comes games and social networking sites.
the library also should at least check what the book is about when it arrives at the library.
when you are looking for a book and you find one that seems offensive just put it back on the shelf and move on.
yes but, you will be learning some interesting things on how the internet works.
creating a link all around the world people can find out information about one another and learn what they are all about.
so why would you make that mistake.
so is it the libraries fault for providing uncensored content or is the parents fault, for not educating their children on the morality of such items?
secretly left his house and went because he was curious.
dear newspaper people, i think that the effects that computers have on us are good.
the is a published work, whether it is religious or not.
i will tell you, you would lose customers.
this quote shows that for his parents loving him, he gives them love.
if you have a computer you will soon learn that your typing skills get very good.
it sounds like an awful experience.
with the sun beating on his back and the emptiness of the road he might have begin to want to turn back.
the features of this story affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
people that changed the world and other information.
the serves many functions.
i had gotten a on this project!
when they need to pay a bill, they could just log in, pay it and move on.
i am the kid that has no choice in the matter.
he runs a small shop.
by taking books out of libraries, we are limiting our freedom of speech.
says the missing child agency.
for example, the author wrote over one long, crippling hill, a building come into view.
this heat of the desert climate seems to start have an effect on him about after he reaches the first town.
furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier.
now would you censor that?!
teens in say they use computers daily & say they have trouble communication with their parents.
would you want to live in a world where people are void of creativity?
people also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family.
would you remove a book from a shelf just because it offends you?
if you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your.
they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as .
it bothers them they could get in trouble with school and at home.
thoughts of i feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries.
if the road is filled with hills getting up those hills is difficult.
do you seriously want to be the last one left behind?
so please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive.
these little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized.
an eight grader, can you believe that?
however, i have the choice to watch a movie or listen to a song.
what have we do to people?
it is amazing technology because even someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them in the click of a button.
the mood created by the author is welcoming and warm.
why not use it?
spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money.
i, personally, do not think that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from the shelves because they are found offensive.
the answer to that would probably be sit down in front a computer all day.
could get the wrong idea about sex or not know exactly what it is because their parents never actually sat down and explained to them what sex is.
to me, i honestly find computers useful because i can talk online to my family in .
i think the memoir has a happy and grateful mood.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i have a feeling that person is not going to be happy and you will have some explaining to do.
the on books in the world today, everything is showed every place you look.
its all about how you take the song when you first hear it and take the messages out of it.
you censor what your child reads and do not punish the people who go into the library and need the book.
first, we need them to communicate to other people.
you can use this method for almost anywhere you want to go.
first, computers have a negative effect on people because they diminish time.
most media is viewed, because of the inappropriate material appearing in their shows, books, and music.
also online games are for and enjoying also.
i believe that profanity has a good side and a bad side.
a book is a book.
those are more of items for grown up and teenagers than for children.
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways.
music is not just something you listen to, but its something to help keep you nice and relaxed while you are reading a book.
did you want to ban the book from the library you got it from?
second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones.
to begin with, censorship simply the banning of certain things that are thought to be offensive.
there should only be book and movies where you a re able to learn something in your local library.
she loved her old home, but she realized it was time to move on.
the movie had some disturbing scenes in it, but i had to watch it for school.
he realized this was going to be hard.
so i believe that each person should be able to read any book they would like without any restrictions.
in the story, winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with the paragraph for a few reasons.
last but not least, begin to slack on interesting with friends and family.
every intelligent citizen would that computer have wrong information.
i came on family and many families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with father or brother or whole or cousin.
do you believe computers have a negative effect on people?
of talking to your friend all the time.
with this people become glued to the computer and forget to do their homework.
when she says, when they come back, she is referring to the geese.
there were even doctor books with graphic images.
would be easier to find certain things if we had a library for everything.
everyone has a opinion, if a book is offensive to you it might not be offensive to someone else.
some they know in real life, or some they met online.
the last mood gives me the impression of what a real family is about: love, loyalty and friendship.
my other thought would be what i would do is let the reader decide censor it or keep it the way it was intended.
have you ever have the feeling that you want to talk to somebody?
by outside, and enjoying nature, taking walks, runs, or even hikes, you can get your exercise.
so and for letting me voice my opinion!
the scenery was getting more and more empty.
no piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world.
it teaches better than books.
how does cutting out knowledge ever help?
studying and school work.
that is their freedom of speech.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
when people are on computers, they focus on whats on the computer and not about their surroundings.
libraries have movies that are rated , , , , or .
also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online!
therefore the computer should be supported and not looked down upon.
lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to.
computers seem like a perfect resource.
many people read books about the real life, books that they can relate to.
they teach hand eye coordination, help you research and learn, and let you chat with friends.
it could be offensive to them but not to someone else.
the cyclist had to be thinking of the beautiful waters with his name written over them.
well, in this commercial is laying down on and is eating an cookie.
we do live in the land of the free, i think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine.
the parents come to the country with such courage without any knowledge of the language or the culture, leaving all there families and friends behind.
this would create exhaustion.
these glitches in the setting affected the cyclist because it was extremely hot, he was running out of water and there was rough terrain.
and it also made her believe in herself and want to get there and try again .
magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time.
you guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing.
the more books that are removed from the library, the less people will know about the subject.
libraries should not be able to ban something because it is offensive, but they have the right to put age restrictions on certain things.
you could also play board games, hide and seek, etc.
the reason why this story is caring is because they all the people stay there and they aid them until those people could move.
just by doing that you lose a lot of weight and not gaining weight on the computer.
there should not be any problem with giving someone a book that has a few bad word, or a few violent scenes for them to read.
but the time spent, kids getting bullied, and the now lack of social skills is not worth it.
some people might not care about the things they see and some do.
being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more.
i learnt a lesson of my life.
many books that have been banned are great books that can have an effect on someones life.
books are always important , even though i do not like to read that often i still like to read books that interest me.
also computers can effect your everyday life by ruining your social life.
and company how make them is making a lot money.
if the library took these kinds of materials off of their shelves then they would lose business.
some people might not agree with me.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the hibiscus provides comfort.
this showed how it affected him because he thought he is going to drop from the heat.
this school is very different from my previous one.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist.
primary ones include the ability to exchange messages with friends and family, help in the medical field, and expansion of knowledge.
every book out there has something bad in it, so we would have to take away all the books other than the little kids books.
also, places.
they have to come to a agreement that each magazine should say if it contains the kind of adult content like that.
this proves how intense his ride was.
the material also should be removed if it is offending someones race.
these technological marvels provide many ways to communicate and learn, showing computers have an extremely positive effect on people.
they are just a part of my nature and help me to be more expressive of myself.
she appreciated what her parents had done for her.
you can check information about something you ever forget.
it should not happen, any book, movie, magazine, should be available to who wants it
every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers.
many people know that children are most likely to want to do exactly the opposite of what they are told to do.
entertainment can not always please everyone.
others can get mad at a movie because discriminates races of other kinds.
do you think people spend to much time on the computer do.
the setting affected the cyclist: due to the changes in terrain.
he begins his journey confidently on flat terrain and with a large supply of water.
her mother then comes and shares the moment with her.
have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside?
it would lower its popularity.
also,i recently learned and am getting pretty good.
is a student which is very hard to get.
i use crayons, pencils, colour pencils etc.
over of the families in our town own at least one computer.
people in the can play games and chat with people in , , and even !
i water them.
did you know that of people on dating, sites set ?
all things with her become better.
people get to do their job or enjoy nature still because their day is open and not busy.
the changes in his environment directly affect the completion of his journey and his health.
do you remember school projects sitting down bored and watching your stations or sitting in the doctors office waiting bored out of your mind?
i tend to see books just explaining things and using offensive words just to show how things were and to set a tone of the book.
because you want to get back to the computer.
that could be taken as brainwashing!
we all decided to stay inside the house.
i wondered if something was wrong with me; if i has a bad odor or was dressed in an out of style fashion.
probably not will that computer game running.
in the story rough road ahead the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting in many ways.
i slept peacefully.
also, the author credits the house with giving him a family.
it is their freedom to do whatever they want.
i have a little cousin who is over weight and should be out playing sports and exercising.
there will always be something that one person finds in appropriate while another finds it to be perfectly fine.
a hobby is taken up in spare time.
dear , computers play a huge role in society.
the desert is also deserted with rolling tumbleweeds and giant snakes, as he passed abandoned towns and factories.
after a wile you will forget about it.
let these books serve their purpose.
there are many websites that have games you can play.
well, sounds like you need to work on your hand eye coordinator.
the dry desert like setting would affect the cyclist because he could easily become dehydrated from the sun, and loss of water through sweat.
in this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation.
this is illegal and absurd that young or even older people would be doing these actions.
it is like removing something just because one person does not like it.
go with you soul.
i think the author concluded the story with that phrase because it shows she will mature.
in conclusion, i believe that materials should not be removed from libraries for being to offensive
she is trying to get over the fact that she is not at home, that things and people that use to be ground no longer are.
i think that they should not ban anything in the library because it can be used for something useful to the person.
these settings discourage him, although he tries to keep hope.
people will still continue to do things they always did, just with something new on their list.
my friend came by my house one day to hang out and do some homework.
the author reflects upon his experiences at home in a positive manner which expresses the fact that he is thankful for what he had.
helps to maintain strong bones.
asking the library to censor their materials is like asking the internet to censor theirs.
i believe that books were made for a purpose.
throughout the entire year, i video chat with her through computer because it is a whole lot easier than flying there.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
if advances continue that number will increase and other problems arise from it.
the peacock can spread the tail like a huge fan.
but we can choose to read what ever you want to.
meant that if know about people and places different than use, do not have to be afraid of anything.
this is why to computers are a positive impact on young adults, and children, parents.
also, we need to help our environment.
obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today.
putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea.
he had no water during some of the trip and lost all hope.
before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone.
computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone.
the mood displayed by the author was a warm cozy feeling that felt like home.
in the book ' ', books are outlawed.
the answer is no.
movies are located at libraries as well.
but it seems like this flower gives her hope and pride.
dear , is your opinion on computers?
it is not being effective most times.
if i were the principal of my school, i would make it a very good school.
riding his bike in the hilly, dry, hot desert the cyclist became tired and thirsty.
this can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends and the chance of losing your love with family.
in addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the source of yet another act.
if you are watching a movie on a network like or ; those channels censor movies.
all of these are great alternatives to sitting at the computer screen, looking at pictures of nature.
is it really worth sitting in front of the computer all day eating?
he goes from door to door to distribute the letter and money-orders.
you could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met.
the compute can touch you new thing, give you the chance to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind on travel.
as very successful newspaper and people, i assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society.
if he died out there, no one would no know for days.
the author concludes the story with that particular paragraph for a number of reasons.
i believe the correct answer is computers.
they never gave up but instead kept going to try and give there children a better life than they would have had.
nature can be spared.
there are children that look at anything they want or what they think looks interesting.
it would be amazing to know that all the people that love to read will not be offended by what they are reading!
computers are the future.
so can she.
i hope you see my point of view.
we walked to the school compound.
exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles.
in conclusion, computers are hurting our society, clearly, they are unhealthy for our bodies.
get on a computer and do some research about it!
in fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer.
does it even need to be asked?
however, i also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students.
libraries are often thought of as a room full of books inside a school building.
writers reside in every part of the world composing works from complex life experiences to simple dreams.
that certain mood was love and family.
all you need to do is type it in on google.
because there is an interminable amount of information, i believe that there will be books left on the shelf for many people to learn about.
either way if you decide to take all the music and censor it out or if you do the same things to all the books and movies, etc.
this time the cyclist is enjoying his trip and is in a positive mood.
i think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers.
what would are lives be without them?
he will need water in all to move and get through his journey.
but in many different ways.
although i do not fully agree with the ideas of many theorists, i do not ask that their work be banned from public libraries.
suddenly, it was like i was in !
explain things to them when they ask you a question.
there are books like for , by , which has recently been banned by some school libraries because of graphic scenes.
the route had in some places no buildings at all to see making the cyclist loss hope of his need for water.
i think that books, music, movies, and magazines should not have to be removed from shelves of libraries.
they showed me with their lives, and those teachings have been the base of my life.
usually a hobby depends upon a person’s interest.
they agree this by saying that work gets done so much easier and faster on a computer.
every individual person has their own opinion and not everyone else is going to agree with that person.
most people think computers are unsafe, and that be partly true.
computers can teach you a lot.
between checking email accounts and updating the average person spends of their day on the computer.
therefore, many different groups of people will be sharing the material in the library such as books, movies, magazines, and music.
somehow, i was able to get inside the bus.
when the computer know that it benefits our society.
does a book become inappropriate because a teen girl becomes pregnant within the pages?
have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song, or magazine?
the people who want to see the latest movies that just came out, are usually going to see some type of violence.
the mood the author created in the memoir was joyful and optimistic.
there is something out there everyone will enjoy.
helping that child find what they want a journey that should be taken by both the parent and the child.
i would want my children learning anything and everything about world history.
one out of five people wear glasses or contacts, these days.
she left her home, people she loved, and an endless list of memories.
any concerned person, technologically challenged would agree the countless ones on the computer are no good for the health of our country.
taking the freedom of what we read or watch away from us would take away or personality and sense of expression.
we should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about.
that way friendships are never really lost.
with computers you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever.
i read a book that was about some one killing cats and i found that offensive because i love cats i would never hurt them.
a mother of the .
how of you can see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam.
some can get obese and mess with your love life.
you could tell that she is happy, and grateful for her parents.
the only thing that he found tasted live battery and so that no good for him.
if someone underage wanted to check out the book, they would have to get permission from their parent.
to whom it concern, .
music is also a controversial material to censor.
a policeman has to work day and night.
i think of bad thing like cuss words,nudity, and battle scenes.
i remember making a with my best friend back when we were in grade.
this would not be fair to the people who wrote the books and to those who like them.
i think it is perfectly fine to protect your kids by setting up rules and boundaries.
you can learn history about famous people places and events.
when the author writes tumbleweeds crossed my path it shows that he is most likely in the middle of nowhere.
what better way than letting everyone read whatever they wish
when i was younger, i remember going to the library all the time for movies and books.
advice from elders always helps us to make up our mind.
the library should be divided into different parts.
perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education.
there are so many helpful things to use it for.
its the best way for people to learn what life is really like.
if every person felt threatened or was offended by just one book, libraries would have to close because no books would be left.
the way that we get information from computers is just like the way our hands get information from our brain to move.
offensive material can be anything someone wants to think of.
certain materials should not be view by younger children.
and when hes getting water or how the tumbleweeds are crossing the road.
computers are helpful in so many ways, but these are just a few.
all and all, this is an issue that can be easily avoided by eliminating computers.
later on in the story, she takes the plant to her mother.
seeing this just crushes his spirit.
censorship is like a modern day .
also, their weight breaks down and ruins roads, which in turn cost more tax money.
we then had our dinner.
they have a right to write and we have a right to read and no one should take that right away.
plus he talks about how much his parents sacrificed for him to be happy
you can find anything about anybody or anything on a computer that has internet on it.
when she feels that an important part of her life is returning, that she can become comfortable and focused.
you can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it.
one way i could describe the memoir is that it makes you fell good about things.
the race was nearing its end.
lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems.
you should only go on the computer if you really have too.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
for example, the cyclist reaches and fish camp, he is able to hydrate once again.
why a laptop of course!
they allow you to do so many different things.
computers are fast and easy, everyone can use them.
this is a good thing because then no one will get and everyone will be happy.
the condition of the roads adds on to the hills.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i hope many of you agree with my statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive on the mind.
or go to a store that sells books and is a little more censored.
they help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online.
computer advances are bad for our country and town.
back then, i guess i only read them because i had nothing better to do, which is horrible because you should read books because you want to.
do you believe certain books should be removed from the shelf because they are offensive?
his parents also sound loving to him because they were brave and sacrificed a lot for him.
that comes with voicing your own opinion.
a slanging match started.
no matter what there will probably always be a way for younger children to be exposed to these materials.
the more you use a computer the more you know about it.
i think in a way it would and would not make a difference whether or not they were removed from the shelves.
computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things.
also when i go on the computer.
the computer helps us learn about other places in the world.
second, it lets people communicate with other people.
once she can find familiarity in her surroundings she will feel more at home.
when colour enlivens our environment, depression drifts away.
if a book has a few curse words oh well, tell your kids to stay away from it if you think its bad.
what do you think?
in conclusion everything i have said about why being on the computer too long is bad for you proves that too much computer is bad for people.
now imagine what that does to your body.
they let people talk to each other.
people want to say whatever they want and they have the right to.
if you missed the best part of a you could easily go on a computer, look it up and importance of computers in every day society.
did i ever get hurt?
that is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again.
it would be virtually impossible to remove all aspects of media that could be found offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something.
in conclusion, this positive paragraph was included to show readers that everyone can balance back from a bad situation.
there are about fifteen thousand books in the library.the principal of my school is a very good administrator.
pg (i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean).
perhaps the media would prove inappropriate for many, but select few will still value the media for what is.
other people are upset because they think the libraries are offending their culture or way of life.
computer, a survey conducted by grade , showed that out of have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain.
such as in to a .
if it was to happen to one business, then it should happen to every business and in my perspective.
well the internet is here to help.
but if they just sit back and think about it, then it would be okay.
he is running out of water but has the determination to get to last the terrain affects him.
such a lovely sound.
not for any one thing in particular, just gratitude.
it also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well.
most books are organized in categories by maturity and genre.
many more jobs are being created because of this technology.
each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries.
some of the most interesting books that i have ever read are offensive in some way.
is it quiet, peace, or calm?
my second reason is to talk on the .
it is a pointless task to do.
the computer makes work and studying fast and simple.
they will just keep taking what freedoms we have until we are nothing more that a dictatorship
anyone can check out a book at the library.
also kids can get obese witch is already a greatly growing process.
in addition, another reason is computers occasionally get viruses.
some students not have matured enough and can take something in a different view than another student.
he hurried there, went into the bathroom drank same water.
he also says how grateful he is for his parents.
keeping a persons attention is critical.
last she burst into tears again.
dear , you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction?
i know the answer to that question.
where would we get all of our information from?
if you think about all jobs that are happening today also of the computer.
certain rated material should be put in certain spots for certain people.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
so now you know that a computer can teach you things.
they might have some things that really offend you or they might have some things that you really like.
by putting those movies and those books in a separate area it gives parents the chance to teach their kids, and the kids time to grow
if they are found offensive then that is not my problem.
they hear things from older siblings, see uncensored programs on television, hear words in music, and even learn things from books.
i think the mood is love because he talks about the love and support his whole family had.
the mood in this memoir i believe is appreciation and caring towards others.
first of all without computers there would be no internet and without that many jobs would fail.
was mostly about the love those two people shared for each other and the man went through after his love died.
let us innovate and create a new, better world.
they strengthen the relations of friendship among various states and countries.
i do not believe this should happen because everybody is unique and find different types of work offensive.
this can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need.
they are the ones who he eats with, plays with and etc.
this little vow to herself was a message to not give up.
they should have an age limit you have to be to be able to go in that room.
thank you for the time to read my letter.
with not them the parents should their child to and from the library, and the time.
its not always a good thing to censor offensive subjects.
there are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free.
did you know the two people who made google are dirt rich?
i also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family.
consumer her which supports the last paragraph also, she is in a new country and is starting a new beginning.
this is what they should do about books that are found offensive.
one should not be ineligible to a book or magazine or watch a movie.
in the passage,the cyclist had about different settings.
with a computer, you can type it out in half the time.
when you have friendship, home, and love, everything will be perfect for you.
i was thrilled and excited, as it was the first time that i was going to the forest.
thought would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting.
and what be offensive to me not be offensive to you.
using instant messenger is free!
it also lets people interact with others in a different way.
a study conducted the shows that children that use the computer hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day.
some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.
to much time on the computer takes away knowledge and takes away time with family and friends.
for example, your in the desert cycling for many hours very hot and only have limited water.
sixty years ago, it could relative on the.
from i hear, people do go angry over things but the question is ' gets them so angry?'
make tomorrow be a better place than today.
i think high school students are smart enough to choose their own books.
but books are not rated such as movies are.
there are truly you can learn on the internet.
emotions like sadness, hope, and wounder.
my final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy.
instead a lot of times when someone down at the computer, a snack goes with them.
to begin, the obesity rate in is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the .
he also encountered dangerous animals like the diamond black rattles back.
so to remove one particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or finds interest in a particular subject.
this was one of the most popular places in the .
so everyone out there could does not like the effect of the computers have on the public, please reconsider.
the mood of this memoir is grateful and content.
censorship in libraries has gone on too long, it is time for the world to freely take part in the literature that interests them.
to this i disagree.
books, music, movies, they are all art.
this quote proves that the heat of the desert is taking a toll on him.
the cyclist was losing hope, yet he was still determined to find water.
the matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, but what happens when a natural disaster strikes like in or ?
he entertains the people.
to me that is a heartwarming mood.
computers are a great thing for everyone.
the first reason was computers have a bad effect on people is it can really hurt your eyes.
but like i said, everyone has their own opinions.
if we throw away our history and our accomplishments, man is left nothing to improve on, nothing to leave his or her marking on history.
if you take every offensive book of the the shelf then you will not learn from the other mistakes it has taken on other peoples lives.
it was great to have the hot soup, as it made me feel warm.
it takes great bravery.
will she pass the test?
some books, movies, magazines, etc.
also shows the man was very thirsty.
at the end she realizes if she just has faith everything will be and it will be just like home.
this is why.
people tend to get moody.
the narration of rough road ahead a solo cyclist encounters several challenges throughout the story.
lastly, the road started getting rough up ahead which could be hard to ride over potholes and thugs like that.
like me , a chance to say whats on their mind.
every one has such a great attitudes.
this place might have been a thriving little spot at one time - say, before the last world war.
educational benefits will only increase as technology, so cutting children from it now is a big mistake!
something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that.
this means it was just a random house when they moved in, but when they were done became a home.
what that teenager reads in that magazine article could spark a whole new reason to help the world.
this is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting effect the cyclist.
sometimes we she take a break from them and enjoy nature.
i mean i love his descriptions of the food cooking in the kitchen and all the great smells.
materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn history and other things that people should know about.
censoring books is a short term answer to a long term problem.
when it comes to chatting websites such as , there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it.
finally, people are slowly being their ability to communicate with family and friends.
colours in a person’s attire reflect his personality.
the terrain was tough, just like the authors terrain.
no people in sight lacked security and water, also no buildings.
what if a young child was wondering around a store or a library, and randomly picked up a book or magazine with offensive pictures in it?
when the cyclist continues, tumble weeds that look like diamond head snakes cross her path.
the flower had the ability to survive harsh winters and adapt to and new environments.
communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer.
censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views.
he is called the father of the nation.
if someone thinks the content in a book, song, or movie is offensive, then they should not read or listen to it.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
internet use was always available, interaction of online chat.
if the person complains about a book, music,movies or anything then they should not go to the library.
second reason is because their taking time away from trying to learn stuff off the internet.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
rapid industrialization, urbanization and population growth have contributed to the loss of trees.
spending to much time on it.
the last feature that affected the cyclist was all of the hills in his road.
after she got home it was over with and again she accepts the change.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
on a computer communication is made easier.
you can regain a true life back with them.
he gets angry when ( years old) bothers him because he wants to play.
from this you can tell that the author ends the story with this statement.
the last reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people.
they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment.
he explains how his parents started their lives entirely over in , and needed to take whatever work they could find.
suddenly, we heard a cry of alarm.
the internet is a very useful tool to everyone.
first, people have different views on what they find offensive.
people use computer for every thing from work to expressing feelings.
sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it.
but people would kill for these games.
so, does the government have the right to say what we can and cannot read?
these two sentences give the reader feelings of safety and once again emphasize care.
magazines are a great tool to advertise and talk about some major topics happening around the world.
a few months ago i was at the library.
for example, once my friend, , was planning on going to for a business trip, but had no idea how to speak the language.
well all you need is a computer.
these two things consist of the signs.
if freedom of speech is limited, what other freedoms will also be limited with the years to come?
help people communicate about anything such as homework to other personal topics.
in conclusions, hopefully your mind has been changed on the topic of computers, or if you already were in support, that as well is great.
unfortunately, it is not always easy to cater to every single persons individual takes on the world.
also, he started out fine, then he started to become dehydrated.
as far as opinions go, everyone has one.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor.
by doing this we can learn what life is like for them.
the rain is useful for crops and trees.
my experience with this proved another point that certain books should not be banned.
the parents of the child should be able to decide what a kid can read, listen, or watch, not a large group of people.
bringing it into your room and shutting the door, is the most common way.
the author said that he would never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things he learned there about how to love.
or have you ever used ?
the way the author describes his family and his home gives the memoir a very warm, happy, and pleasant mood.
they will be focused on the computer way to much and not have fun with there family and friends.
so think about it next time you walk into a library and you see something that you not think is right.
so, i do not think that things should be censored just because a small group of people think that it is inappropriate.
many people, adults and have because they are world but there that should be explored and people should be thankful for beautiful that we have still .
any of these things could happen to you so i advise you not to use a computer.
when an author writes a story or an article, they are putting their opinion into it.
some even seem provocative.
plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space.
libraries should have a rating system like movies do.
authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order to have their thoughts read, and such a motive should not be taken away from them.
in conclusion, i agree that the effects computers have on people are positive.
is the key to their future
therefore on one full moon day, he abandoned his family.
the cyclist could get caught in a sudden heat wave to drop in temperature.
so, just do everyone a favor and stop complaining.
interest vary, but a teen like the same type of books as an adult.
the budding of the hibiscus is to her much more than just a flower.
hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers.
it is clear that the setting affected the cyclist in a very negative way.
if someone needed help they received it and people would sacrifice for others.
computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to!
this last paragraph reveals something special to the reader.
and they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on.
most of the magazines talk about beauty and fashion tips.
as you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way.
not only that, but what one person finds offensive another can not.
secondly, there are books and movies and other things that show the children shooting and killings and how people get away with it.
and with the geese flying away for the winter and coming back in the spring signifies a fresh new start at success.
they are helpful to students because the internet now contains textbooks they use in class.
the author makes the reader feel sad with the girl failing her test and missing home.
the hibiscus symbolizes all this
one of the moods that was created in the memoir was happiness.
what are you going to do to improve you public library?
like for lots of people have college for people who did not.
also, not everything found is what is true or right.
literature is a strong item when it comes to persuasion.
it would be like having someone take out a word in the .
the author concludes this story the way she does to say that the girl not going to give up on trying to fit in this new country.
i talk to my friends everyday on the .
we learn to look for and understand deeper meanings.
the author really did a great job of creating a mood of love, and helping the reader feel it.
computers are so much easier to use than books.
in this modern world, seem hard for you to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life.
you use your computer for finding out whats going on, what the weather is like, and instead of the ?
that is why she concludes the story that way.
i once was watching a movie with my two year old that we got from the library.
going there, he regained his strength and learned his lesson, never take road advice from other people.
while on the computer you could also learn new things.
there are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone.
for these reasons, the author created the mood of happiness in his memoir.
that is the mood instilled in this memoir about family and love.
people make emails, download music and several other things.
the is writing in first person narrative.
they can provide us with emotional release from the everyday world.
lots of people find many pleasures to watching offensive things.
those are the reasons why i think the computer has a negative effect on people.
dell, , and so many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously expensive prices.
well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message.
sometimes a history book could be considered offensive so we censor and then we ' learn about the mistakes of our past and repeat them.
deciding to face the consequences of my theft.
are they good or are they bad?
or playing video games all day.
it seem hard to believe, but you can learn tremendous amounts things from the internet.
minor adjustments can be made so that people can be allowed to read, listen, or watch.
this proves that the cyclist had to stop for water and using much power to pump it out.
now just imagine how much money our society would gain after year!
so should offensive materials be removed from the shelves?
website text is not the anything that provides information far eager learners also provide pictures to further the persons understanding about a topic.
a religion a person might be it might offend you.
also the mood of the memoir is very appreciative and grateful because the author tells of how his community was a family.
they do help.
a computer can help you very much in this type of case.
even people want to know where are some people from.
so ever time we go down there we rent that house thanks to the computers.
just learning how to work them is a new skill.
people who pollute waterways should be punished severely.
saying that, i believe that we should not be able to ban, censor, or remove any books, music, or movies from the public.
i do feel that some books should be monitored, and taken off the shelves if they are found inappropriate for the intended age.
we all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of.
for example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park.
i would hate for some little year old or year old to pick that thing up she would be scarred for life.
it was offensive to many, and in addition it caused an uprising among because of its content.
i think that should have the freedom to choose what to read, watch, or listen to.
computers have a super positive effect on people.
school or any public library should remove books that contains inappropriate words that are not good for the kids to learn in their life.
you have to think to yourself that there are other people that enjoy or are interested in something you might find offensive.
with such a high risk of being mislead, the world needs as much information and thought as it can get.
the song inspired many of the famous singers you know.
in other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money.
if you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in multiple ways.
he presents the cheerful mood by focusing all the good things in his life with his parents in his house and neighborhood.
when people are offended by a book the first idea that comes to mind is to try and get the book off the shelves by censoring it from libraries.
they might not be around in twenty years to see their grand children grown up.
music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things.
what do i have first block?
when you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything.
there are many reasons why and i will explain this to you.
a clueless society is a useless society, and in the end they were destroyed.
plus people need family.
in the memoir from home: the blueprints of our lives there is a thankful and gracious mood.
so take time away from that computer and go read a book or play a game of catch.
it has allot of cussing in it and talking about sex.
these benefits have positive effects on people throughout the world and are why i support the advances in technology.
is is not the same as the actual thing.
now many of the following generations will never get to read that classic because people took it out of libraries.
i strongly believe that computers are bad and people spend to much time on them.
should books, music, movies, and magazines that are offensive to public be removed?
it hurts the people, cutting off their access to knowledge.
therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society.
they also teach you new things.
you can even webcam with people.
offensive articles and or movies and magazines etc should not be pulled from shelves.
you would gain weight which calls for you being out of shape.
i sat quietly next to him.
some people beg to differ and believe spending not less time on the computer can contribute to lack of physical activity.
it is important for parents to let their children know what is right or what is wrong.
the author chose to end the story this way for several reasons.
he is preparing for the matriculation examination.
when we start giving up rights such as freedom of speech we will not be able to stop those people who took those right from taking more.
dear newspaper , opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people.
caring about nature and your loved ones is such a great thing.
she concludes the story by writing when they come back [the geese] then i will take that test ).
finally the last way a library could help is by making sure the child is old enough to check out a book or a movie.
what would you do if you had something you loved taken away from you?
who just so happens to think we should continue slavery.
many reasons support censoring for minor offenses such as: inappropriate language in songs, books, movies, and magazines.
for the first couple of weeks, i felt like an outcast; like an outsider looking in.
about of our daily!
what if the only place you can find your favorite music is at your public library?
short rolling hills are harder on a bikers body than flat terrain.
more people get offended by lesser things now.
a computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera.
try not to get involved with any online games being in a nationwide disease.
you can go on the computer and learn about it.
and if the writing or music is inappropriate to a race or culture should it be removed.
others that i know choose not to read it because of the offensive content.
this the exact same for information of all types.
she actually recorded it and passed it out at school.
and when it comes to music their parents need to be very careful what they let their kids listen to.
social networking is placed at the top of the list.
well you can shop online.
five minutes into class as the teacher was reading the book, she read and enunciated every word in the book.
we need to keep our children safe and off of the computers more so sexting, and young children stay off, so kidnapping stops.
s i think we are not.
when i entered middle school, i read the books anyway: i had the ability to make my own choices.
it was a big change for them to be in a one room apartment to a room apartment.
i know i would!
with a twisted mind and a vocabulary of a little punk with curse words every ten seconds coming out his mouth.
more people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone.
failing a test especially a driving test stinks.
who just wont to get on a computer and read a book. '
you are just too young for this book.
is a very risky path to let the young children in our society take.
which of course never knew about all that.
if you chatting with someone, you can still chat with another person.
the authors concludes that in the paragraph.
now its a fishing store and drinks lots and lots of water.
what the owner of a library will try to do is to put a little bit of everything in it.
there even be a possibility that some books, not necessarily just books, hold someone up from that pit of depression they are so close to.
should we put a censorship on the libraries really?
i do not think they should be removed at all.
adults know what is right from wrong than what children do.
does that mean i want to totally rid the world of those certain materials?
publisher can be used for projects as well.
censorship will block out inappropriate parts of books, movies, music, and magazines in order to make these materials more suitable for all age groups.
music is also one of the important thing that is carried in any school library or any public library.
computers can do more than creating a simple map, it can give you precious information!
books!!!
he had to put out more energy than if the hills were just flat.
honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight.
online we can research almost everything in the world.
the charges are not very high.
it would be really good for you to go on a walk in a nice day to feel the breeze and smell all the nice scents.
it is a good and brave hunter.
libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out.
in the story, the author makes the hibiscus represent the way to adjust to the changes in life.
like what kind of clothes they wore, food they ate, place the, lived in.
most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health.
you might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home.
every time there is a big rally about an author writing about a certain belief, there is negative thoughts.
if you find a book to be offensive, you can simply stop reading the book.
this means that people can not just ban something for what it might say or portray.
take for example, a child that is six years old, and can do whatever he or she wants.
the plant brought back memories of her old life and that helped comfort her.
a farmer’s job is to plow the fields and sow the seeds.
without bursting into tears.
while reading this many people probably became more appreciative for what their parents did and provided for them.
if we were to take a movie or music down because of what they say then there would be no contents on the shelf
he mentions the fact that his parents always helped friends and family in need and how selfless they were towards other people.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world.
however, censorship can go to far.
passing on from people to kids to their kids.
one girl sits by her computer doing homework.
furthermore you can play with your friends, and in the process develops social skills.
the issue to grapple with is, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i like reading books about teenage problems and like to know all the different ways people have overcome them and see how they live.
in addition, the change in terrain and road surface would have an effect on the cyclist.
i hope you agree with me.
dear , one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button.
many people use this to get in touch with a close family members or a friend.
they are the people who will be leading our country.
computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues.
we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who their jobs on computer.
it is incredibly difficult to imagine the entire country having the same moral opinions on our entertainment.
movies are not a huge issue but they can be at times.
i hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party i just type them up, taking less than five minutes.
they allow people to pay taxes online and type papers.
for example, if you were writing an important document or sending an email to your boss about work and your computer suddenly crashes, would you be upset?
she was neat and clean that she got promoted.
now people can pull out their or player and listen to music.
but, she knows that she has to keep going.
having a computer will give kids the action to sit around and do nothing.
this shows the emotions the author felt growing up.
in every book you pick up today, you could look through it and find a offensive language or offensive gestures in it.
the kids of today, and tomorrow, know what is out there, and how to stop the minor .
flood are a natural phenomenon which has resulted in various geographical features.
just in the last century movies have came along way in advancement.
people heard it, and like followers, they started taunting me, too.
what you have looked for in books and papers can be easily found on internet at the click of a button.
yes once you were happy you had a computer.
the features surrounding the cyclist effect him greatly.
my third and final reason about addiction.
he even maintains a sense of humor throughout, writing of a diary entry that would be left behind that remarks on the wisdom of old men.
we had shifted to singapore recently and so i had to change to this school.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
you are begging to become overweight.
finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles another person wrote.
we are letting the children of grow up to fast and introducing them to things way to early.
this is a very controversial topic.
he is agitated by this, makes a significant dent in his water supply, and unfortunately continues.
it is important that only people are allowed to see material that is appropriate for them
physical fitness is a condition for mental alertness.
again, this argument might go both ways, meaning one less book would be off the shelf, or many would be newly stacked aside from the others.
also, in the issue , a recent poll showed that of people who own computer use it to talk instead of on a phone.
movies that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
now from ages years of age usually spend their time there and would likely read this type of information.
but if we did no have this book we would be sure to expect another on our hands.
there i was, shuffling my way through the library, finding the perfect books to check out.
to learn about these ideas, you usually read about or see them somewhere.
to conclude debate on censorship, plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship.
when you get exercise you can lose weight.
literature are there for us, they teach us, and if if one was taken away, it would start a riot.
the short rolling hills make it harder to pedal because it is hard to pedal uphill.
and finally help with schooling.
finally, if we get rid of computers we will be known as a new nation.
not only that but you should notice the great potential the computer has for showing us distant, faraway lands and cultures.
the of this story is that happiness can be created and kept in one place.
a computer has information about anyone you chance.
people can use , , and etc.
plus, it is a great way to connect with past and present friends.
i believe that older teens like and are more mature about this, if they read a book in the library that might have a bad word.
hills and animals on the road slowed down the cyclist even more.
he remembers his parents love for cooking, and how eternally grateful he is it got passed down to him.
they allow us to learn about faraway places, communicate with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas.
being a high school student and having a nice library in my school i have learned a lot from the books in my library.
they also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese.
let people make there own decisions.
they can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places.
once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families.
my final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library.
they just need to be move to a shelf were only bigger kids can get to.
certain books should be removed from, the library because of the materials an the stuff they show to younger children.
most people who do i personally think are immature.
studying or writing essay in my grade mostly.
computers are not assets to society but issues.
dear local newspaper, you imagine a world without computers?
i think having books banned a not wise thing to do, because it just makes kids want to hear the word more than usual.
questions such as this have plagued humanity for hundreds of years, and there is no simple solution.
what do you do?
they help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done.
the business side should be more then enough, for me to convince you.
the author goes on to say that it troubled him.
i also use the computer often.
if one finds a book offensive, look in a different section.
the computers are faster than just writing.
usually when you look in a magazine you usually see pictures so its not as big of effect as the others such as the music and movies.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being grateful.
even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer.
i could go on for hours listing at the different types.
the mood in this memoir is very happy and uplifting.
there are many controversies on whether computes benefit or do not benefit society.
i would like to that the i for sitting and reading my essay.
computers are a very useful piece of technology because people use computers for paying bills, jobs and more.
he eats grass and fodder.
also, you must consider the near infinite amount of knowledge available on this tool.
as you can see, education is the most important reason why we use computers.
more jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching.
the same goes for an offensive , magazine, or movie.
from the mans point of view, he probably thought civilization was many more miles away and he probably could not make it that for.
i never knew what it felt like or how did it feel.
the internet was not just created for the heck of it.
regardless of how hard we try, children and teenagers will one day be exposed to the offensive material we are attempting to remove from their lives.
family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time.
first of all, i think that computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected.
if you are really offended by something the best thing you could do is avoid it.
to talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other.
in conclusion, the setting in the story greatly affects the cyclist by changing his moods and attitude towards his journey.
in conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people.
the author creates a very happy mood in this memoir.
its a debate that has gone through several libraries over the content of the material.
the snake charmer was clad in dirty kurta and pyjama.
another thing it can do is play video games.
if you need info.
if they went them they should order them offline mail at their house.
now to sum it all up if a book or whatever it be offends you in the library, then i believe it should be removed from that library.
i love computers but, i as a teen know about managing your time on the computer.
and how long you can have the books for .
no matter who believes what or who supports who, everyone will always have a difference in voice.
once she sees the plant in bloom she`ll know that she can take the test again.
another girl with her computer, talks to her friends.
you can go play sports and have fun while getting exercise.
this is how the setting features affected the cyclists.
computers help students with homework and projects and they help communicate with other people.
the only situation with someone who is online being lazy is with a teenager playing games.
i hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society.
it would be impossible to make sure that nothing in libraries would be offensive to .
a man by the name of comes to my mind when asked about censorship in the media.
pg means you should have your parents with for the younger kids.
the people can look at a different book and completely ignore the others.
every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone.
i rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and i even make some of my best project on it!
go right ahead.
i have also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the covers.
in public libraries, things are a little different.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is going to be on the road a long time.
no matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life.
orange fruits are also imported from other countries.
i would make physical education compulsory for all the students.
in books, music, movies, and magazines is a good way to learn new things it is fun and what is better then something fun?
for example in paragraph he says things began well enough.
i found this upsetting because everyone deserves to have access to the books that they want.
i believe that all books in a library have a purpose.
when people need help they read a book or look it up.
a while later, the cyclist comes across another abandoned set of buildings.
i think the boy should ask you directions for the place were he is going.
the airplane started flying down.
speech is still a freedom though, and if we cut out freedom we would be in a bad spot.
last, customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make.
they should not be banned though, they should only be moved.
is a little bit different with a student though.
i remember reading a persuasive essay and realizing that they used based language.
when you enter a library or a book store of course you will find that you like and dislike.
in conclusion i informed you on why i dislike computers.
however, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer.
if i were the cyclist gazing at the sign i would die just knowing there was trouble up ahead.
that is what literature is about, writing.
but when you stop all of a sudden you played for hours.
they were just writing a book.
however the effects it has on people can be bad.
also i have encountered offensive behavior while reading a book that was said to be a wonderful book even for someone under the age of twelve.
in this essay the setting plays a crucial impact on the cyclist.
the reason for this is so she will have time to adjust.
i wished i could join them.
the camel is a large animal.
the never ending, road.
genres were created for a reason.
webcams hooked up to the computer let people talk face to face with someone else they might not have seen in months.
the can help a student pass school.
i personally love reading, and like all kinds of books.
the choice of visual words in this story are words to describe what affected the cyclist.
my third reason is because the computer allows you to communicate with other people.
when the cyclist did approach a town, it was abandoned.
another reason why not to remove the reading materials is because it make other reads feel like they are not alone.
in conclusion, i must say once again that i support the advances of technology to an extent.
this very colorful book is just screaming for your attention?
to me things would possibly change if we get all the naughty things out of book,magazines,music.
sometimes we will even video chat!
in many ways both advancing technology or not, why be inside doing nothing but talking to people?
i think computers are bad in three ways and i want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards side.
in my opinion, there is so much to gain and learn from a computer.
in the text it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
this quote shows that the hibiscus plant is strong.
also books give a message about how times use to be.
but should those materials be removed from the library?
that is the mood sets for his memoir.
you can not removed that.
i personally think that profanity is a good and bad i like it in music and movies but i hate it when people talk trash.
in my opinion, it depends on what they are saying or what they are showing.
young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease.
i have found this important over the last few years.
if not nobody would buy the products.
so what do you think about them?
not only that, but they also have exercise plans.
what if a group of adults enjoyed a movie that someone else thought was disturbing?
her persistence allows her to push through life as if she was a plant trying to survive the winter.
the first reason we should be able to read what ever we want is because we have the right to.
the computer has endless knowledge.
there are parents that allow their children to read, listen , and watch whatever they want.
he was running out of water in the desert.
computers are also good if your lazy.
with out family life would be much harder to deal with.
there are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist mentally, physically, positively and negatively.
views on what should be censored and why, vary based on type of person and their background.
yes it dose have a positive effect on some people.
what would they do if one person thought that a movie on what they were doing was offensive?
therefore, a book that not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because somebody else does not approve of it.
they use ratings and age control for their viewers.
we can do this by helping to keep our sources of water clean.
after dinner my father tells me stories.
dear newspaper, you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them?
it also can start serious issues with feuding religious groups or persons of different ideas.
if you were going on a vacation to somewhere in you could learn about what those people do.
first of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise.
i feel that the mood (s) created by the author in the memoir is happy, proud, and grateful.
it was the sight of falling apple in his garden that gave him the important clue.
i myself am a musician, which is no more artistic in a sense than any other creator, such as an author.
this is a horrible thing to do to yourself.
computers even help people in school for people like me who broke there arm and have to take some test on the computer.
just log on and change the price from the luxury of your own home.
by doing this he expects a better
should have some type of censorship.
computers keep lots of kids of the streets instead of being out and causing trouble.
so maybe it can bring back good memories from her home town or just good luck i think.
yes, i understand some of this material be inappropriate for a certain person but there is a way you can fix this.
we should take a stand and get rid of these bad books.
lastly, computers give us the chance to express our ideas like never before.
i would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people.
please keep reading to hear my great ideas.
he past his hour playing outside.
the snake charmer sat on the ground, took his been and started playing on it.
the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because of the right to free speech.
everyone should have a computer, because you can chat with people.
this quote is saying that because of the heat, the rough terrain and the length of his shortcut his running out of water.
when she left her home, she did not just leave a building behind.
the computer can teach you about any career, or regular job that you would need to learn about in just minutes, if needed?
today, millions of teens are bombarded with all kinds of media garbage.
also if you are in the army and have a baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their.
one day he says to me because of i want to work with computers.
computers are not that bad.
my second reason that i believe computers are good to have around is.
so much would be left unsaid.
no one should we withheld from a book due to age, race, gender, or any other factor.
so we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking.
the answer is no.
that is why is easier to send messages to your boss.
for all of the banks we have computers and for almost every job.
computers are a way to increase responsibility, too.
when on the computer kids will eat.
since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over years!
next year when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
the younger ones could be seen roaming about eating their lunch.
travelling has great educative value.
parents should make an independent choice on what they can allow their children to read.
radio stations play songs that talk about sex, drugs and violence but i believe that kids need to be associated with these things.
( and ).
the hot desert heat had made water a for like a substance which he could not drink from the well.
i love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup hot chocolate.
should certain materials be removed from shelves?
dear or the purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better.
i had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly.
censoring library materials would be limiting the means by which artists can share their ideas with citizens of the .
so why should you take the risk?
many people have been talking about computers in the .
you can learn about the culture of , the food they eat in , or even the way people dress in .
when all of these details combined, along with language such as.
my hobby gives me a lot of exercises as well.
thousands of professions require the limitless knowledge of the internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of living.
if you find a book offensive put back on the shelf and leave be.
everyone has interests in different types.
with very little water.
hard work is the key to success.
thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that i have to offer.
they need something to listen to.
it is also important to that they can keep in touch with friends after school hours.
she then goes into a florist shop to purchase the plant.
a child would not have the opportunity to become an individual with their own opinions and feelings if they were restricted to a one mind track.
for centuries people have been writing,making video,and, all types of music.
she loved the way it made her feel.
some of the books that maybe on the shelf hurt some ones feelings.
this lowers his confidence, especially because everything is deserted and if he has a heat stroke no one would he around to find him.
go outside run a little, you would be amazed how much a little exercise can help you.
the flowers in the greenhouse reminds her of where she grew up and her grandmother.
it costs money to go out and buy books when you can just borrow them from the library.
statements have been made all over the world of people speaking on what they believe is right or wrong.
its truly disgusting.
dear local newspaper, i see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, i on the other hand strongly disagree with them.
so if you feel like this is a good idea contact your local library and tell them you are in favor of the , ' .'
not so foolish.
these are ways how computers do benefit our society.
because it can be hurtful, dirty for younger kids and it could be prevented if they are removed from shelves.
critics think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family.
for example, most teenage girls love to read young romance stories, and about young peoples' lives; people like informational books.
so keep the books around, its only words
throughout the years, many events have taken place in our history.
what kids read is shaping their minds for their future.
to take one book away is to take all of them away.
as much as people should be open and be able have access to this information, it is also important that other people did not see it.
so learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time.
they do not want to lose there books, music, movies, magazines just because some people find the offensive.
more over it will bring more danger to you and your family.
if we were in a world without computers then our society would be completely lost.
also these are many hill making him have to use full force to get up them also making water a big deal.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i hope you can see my point to this and please send me a response as soon as possible.
it got so hot that he was becoming dehydrated.
did he ???
one of the causes is the internet.
if they find it so disturbing then they should discontinue reading that book or magazine, or listening to that .
i know i get home from school i can talk to virtually any friends online.
someone get offended by talking about ones race, another get offended by talking about and someone even get offended if you talk about their cute little kitty cat.
it could be a dangerous poser!
such as age.
is grateful that his parents moved to to give him a good life.
john is a fruit vendor.
reading about past struggles or facts about it could give them tips or ideas on how to avoid suicide.
the censorship of certain media is such a controversial topic.
i do not agree with this idea because people should have the right to express their self through art, literature, and even music.
the thing that most affected him was the lack of water.
everyone has their thoughts and comments on at least one religion.
as students, we must learn good manners.
however, it should be categorized so a person could have an idea of what age group it would be most appropriate for.
something like that can cause people to be hospitalized and then the library will be sued.
it helps them store data, files, and important information.
his parents thought that if they get through the bad time they will enjoy the good times to come and for that he always thanked them.
well, for an example, you had to do a project on .
seen during the day time only.
we can have opinions on matters and discuss them appropriately without causing a big ordeal because their could be reasons why things are where they are.
also i used to be big, (as in overweight) because i never went outside to exercise or in my own room.
we should not buy eatables from such street hawkers.
you can also learn or read the news that your missing.
thirdly, computers could help us advance into the.
i also find it faster to type then print.
the book was about a guy who was out drinking, the guy had know other way home than to drive.
so putting materials off of shelves is not the answer
as you can see, there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books, music, or movies.
but not the land has changed and the directions were wrong.
can i ever forget this incident?.
students grades will suffer and will not obtain class credits if this problem is not mentioned.
finally, we are able to talk online with people that just be across town or across the ocean.
, computers make it simple to learn new information about many things such as people and places across the globe.
the addiction to computer is so bad that people do have a look of and interacting with things.
people can learn bout things, places, even their own family.
these are how the authors see their work, they want to show the people what they see, even if does offend someone else.
so its really confusing because he probably felt relived and mad at the same time.
if a kid picks up a book about sex, which i highly doubt would be on a library shelf, what would they say to their parents?
humans that have to much on time on their hands.
he recalled i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
you can communicate with anyone you know.
the features of the setting greatly affect this cyclist.
a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature.
in everyday life , teens on their cell phones , their computers listening to , music .
there are many different selections in reading, for example, adventure, mystery, comedy, or love stories.
the feeling of her old home, in her new home will make her more positive and comfortable.
although they can be time consuming they make up for it in the long run.
last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online.
did you really spend your hard earned cash on a faulty hunk of trash?
trees are very useful to man.
of are already obese, so why keep these horrid games out there?
the cyclist was very hot.
there was a store that was actually opened.
if you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle.
it is disappointing to think that people nowadays focus on the graphic scenes in a novel, versus the exceptional writing style.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
its like this everyone has their own taste on what they like.
that in spring, she will do better and pass the test.
so they can play games with people from around the world using a computer.
that number shows that, , over million people use these.
i also think that you should be prepared before walking into a public place where they have all kinds of reading material.
it is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on
for one reason, if we forget about such things, than they are more likely to be repeated.
and they should be going outside end running around.
i remember when i was twelve, the news was saying that a school was taking books off the shelf because it offended one person in the school.
the cyclist becomes sure that he is going to die of lack of water when he stumbles across a bait store.
lastly, you can use computer to find out about world news.
next spend less time enjoying nature, very important.
of coarse, every library has books that cover all kinds of topics.
how you feel if your favorite book was taken off the shelves of your school or public library?
if we take peoples choice away what are they going to have?
how much easier could it get?
in our society, people that are eighteen can do almost whatever they chose because they have freedom.
censorship can be used to solve this problem, like in the book , it was used to keep books out of the picture completely.
there is also the compromise.
it is the same idea with a book or magazine.
at her home country it was warm and she had all her family memories.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
there is a warmth kind of family mood in this memoir, .
for example, in fifth grade i did a research project on .
computers are of many things for they you.
why not just put that celebrity on there as the size they really are?
well i think the opposite of that opinion.
the cyclist feels hopeless in the abandoned town.
everybody does not have the same opinion on censorship.
you need your daily intake of oxygen.
the research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic.
even if the are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free!
everyone has been teased once in their life.
first reason of why i think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination.
one day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise.
and that is why i think the author has a grateful mood in the memoir.
another way is that of water from severe heat.
i am a large fan of books over the two that took place.
while they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday.
in the memoir it says that the parents let friends and family stay with them until they got back on their feet.
if we can learn from other mind sets through books, music, movies and movies, then i think we should be aloud to.
they just need to calm themselves down and just face the facts.
advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer.
have their own.
i really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that.
dear local newspaper, computers!
the girl says that she is going to take the test again when the hibiscus blooms shows that she misses her country and still wants to be connected somehow.
to communicate with my family in i use a webcam.
did you know that is recording everything you do online?
if every article of entertainment were to remain on the shelf in the library, everyone would be happy.
computer help society learn about all this.
offensive music in my house is considered music with curse words in the lyrics.
firstly it allows them to type.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is lifting.
he is fourteen years old.
eventually, i came to ask my dad about a certain part of the book.
many experts agree that computers are the learning cause of obesity.
off of the shelves
for example: in paragraph it states, a large highway sign jumped out of me.
our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated.
second reason is computers make you smarter.
at the beginning of the ride, the cyclist is feeling good and strong and the day as well as the journey, is just beginning.
the story quotes, i will take that test again.
are removed from shelves then is not practicing it preaches to the many of people who come here in search of freedom.
these are merely a few ways that the internet helps with schooling.
the love feeling comes from the bond between friends and family.
we returned home tired but very happy.
it keeps us in touch with the world.
just because a certain group of individuals finds the type of music offensive, does not mean everyone also thinks that way.
i would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find.
the cyclist knew not to take directions from the old men, but they seemed so sure about what they were talking about to him.
certainly you cannot disagree with me!
i believe computers are the best idea, since pouring gasoline on pancakes.
maybe that person has personal issues.
all of these purposes of writing will be offensive to someone.
like the geese.
his isolation while cycling down the shortcut was a definite factor in his strain.
today many jobs in due using a computer, and technology is getting mom advanced.
and they would say it in front of everybody and then everybody would being saying it.
i believe she thought she could pass the test when the flower was blooming and reminded her of home.
i walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer.
some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for.
and if i can do it, so can they.
the one against computers or the one for computers.
the problem i think is people not think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it mean.
without a post office, life would become dull.
i do not believe books or any other form of art should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
he went through three towns that had nothing.
there is only one choice and that is that computers effect all of us in a good way.
picture for yourself you, as a year old child sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers of history, .
some people say computers cost too much.
where would we be if there was no books, magazines, or music left?
so in the end they have mad a home and a relationship together and with other people.
another reason computer time is a good time could be is it saves money on other things.
if computers are so great now, just imagine what they will be like in or years.
lets move on to a bigger idea.
these symbols are important to her in that they give her a chance to start over and she sees that in the winter hibiscus.
kids can get by with watching them without anyone saying anything.
i was isolated and was desperately trying to find someone to be my friend.
he is welcome everywhere because he brings letters from friends and relatives.
on these websites kids as young as ten years old are chatting with friends and putting up pictures.
parents could be outside.
they should just get rid of the book or magazine.
books such as gang violence and drug abuse are some of those books in categories of which some cant read.
people should have the right to read, watch, or listen to anything they want uncensored.
the average people can learn about non average things any day.
also, i hope people can still have their rights and not let a couple people take it away from them.
the author in this memoir created a mood that showed how felt about this house and his parents.
everyone should have a choice and a right to see or to see certain material they might find offensive.
actually its not because most of your family is on it.
so use the time on the computer better.
computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country.
as i stated earlier, libraries are a place of learning and for developing skills.
when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
on the second day when i still could not ride, i started crying.
how could they allow this kind of thing on display like this?
make some that have like cartoons in them and comics for the little kids.
actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affected the cyclist because they forced him to work extra hard and put forth more effort.
if people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down.
some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family.
this gives a mood of pride and great triumph.
every one knows exercise is important.
i found this compromise to be very fair.
his mood starts to change very quickly.
ending the usage such technology as computers would surely be the first step to sending us back to such a barbaric time!
meditation makes you incredibly calm and you will never be touchy and irritable.
it is just something that we will have to deal with.
first of all, the author uses the ending paragraph to show optimism.
one of the greatest electronics invented.
the cyclist was drinking a lot of water throughout the story and ends up only having little water left.
in my perspective, i just feel that the authors of these books are just writing and lets the creativeness take over.
i try not to use the computer unless i have too for school or to get homework.
from this, we can affirm that not only was at hot, the water was dirty.
when your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard.
takes two seconds.
another handy program provided by all computer companies is .
the shelves should stay full of books, movies, music and magazines.
if people want to read these kinds of books they should search elsewhere.
internet is great for communication.
hindus clean and decorate their houses
he had people at his house for dinners.
libraries have things for people of all ages, even though some do not like many of the materials found in them.
and he has the sun beating down and is almost out of water.
does that mean they should be limited by a public place, such as a library?
just yesterday i had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project.
something has to be done to put an end to this madness.
he was riding up and down rolling hills.
as a student, i use my computer for my schoolwork.
if we allow books to begin to be removed from the shelves, we will not be able to stop it.
are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the ?
there are three main points supporting my opinion and i plan to list them below.
since the whole story portrays this mood, i will tell you some reasons why.
a student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer.
i took a tally and out of every kids use the internet at least once a day!
most people will think that most books, magazines, and music are bad for the kids and for the adults.
if you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even.
we cant hide from the world.
then different learning programs to teach us a different language.
unlike the winter hibiscus, it took a while for the geese to become, through the quiet repetition of season upon season, almost familiar to her now.
it is electricity that makes our refrigerator, geyser, television, mobile phone work.
and when he arrive at the bait shop.
by staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers.
as i read this i could feel a warm welcoming from home.
do you think scheduling helps?
, and other magazines like it, needs to be taken off the shelves as soon as possible.
meeting and debates are held everyday to enhance the quality of our freedom and occasionally to gain more freedom.
how could you take away the future of learning from the children that are our next generation.
then you could print it out whenever you need it.
she says its alright and you guys keep chatting it all worked out!
which is obviously the mood of loving, because there all a loving family together.
they where also lucky that they where going to have a better life.
some music found in libraries can be somewhat offensive to some people.
i listen to rap music all the time but i never let it influence me because i want to be successful in my life.
might take a while, but over time people get the hang.
during the cyclists trip, he experienced physical and mental strain.
they are either working or playing.
posting pictures on the and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse.
i was eleven years old.
there are various ways to communicate with people through the computer.
they censor you.
i know this because my eyes start to hurt.
out of use the computer daily.
due to personal rights and what history has shown the world, censorship should never be tolerated unless on the grounds of protecting children.
is right to have censorship in libraries?
one person with a mouse, a keyboard, and a monitor.
of teenagers say they talk to other peers using , , or .
after reading about a loving pair of parents that gave everything they had just for their children makes you feel guilty and respectful of your own parents.
did you know that of children in are overweight because of a lack of exercising?
dear readers, i understand that some think computers can effect peoples' lives.
despite what people believe though computers are very good for our daily lives.
computers cause people to be lazy.
children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite.
libraries banning books, music, movies, or magazines seems unreasonable since there is such a wide variety of people and their interests.
on average, out of suffer from stress.
twice i found myself in very uncomfortable position.
there are just way to many good books that would have to be gone forever
a lot of people go online and play games on numerous websites.
also being as the weather was so hot this caused the cyclist to drink a lot of water.
there are many beautiful flowers in our garden.
or be around.
so i think some magazines should be removed off the shelves.
school could be a lot more difficult without a website.
people are afraid that they are limiting themselves from interacting to , and spending time enjoying nature.
the main reason i disagree with having vulgar things on the shelves is because of young children.
even if you buy the you are still learning by taking care of them.
the content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent.
its packed with so much to learn, its very useful to, and forces so much info into them.
first of all computers help kids all around the world with social skills.
the struggles of one person be what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to grow
as time has changed i have found that people have also changed.
also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted, and being unhealthy.
it is just a matter of life.
computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer.
some people should just know better and take it .
just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read.
if there is a rally about a material in the library, next time think before you judge.
computers can be very useful and efficient to anybody.
teenagers are teenagers they must have technology.
they hold a lot of information about many different subjects that people go to learn about even if it be offensive to some people.
modern time and the people who disagree enjoy some family and friends lives far away and you cant talk to them in person.
some people are impulsive by nature.
i was so happy cause when she moved i thought i would never talk to her again.
she brings it home and is at first reprimanded by her mother but then thanked for buying.
parents and caregivers are not always up to explaining or want to explain as soon as they have to about things sometimes.
and then when comes, a computer can be great not to worry about not having enough time to go and.
i wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too.
lastly, a moderation could be extremely helpful for us today.
are good and bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves?
now, things could get even rougher.
honestly, i totally and absolutely believe that child internet use should be cut down in the , because of many reasons.
the information then they like how.
high school and up i think that its okay to have on the shelves in magazines, books, music and movies.
i like to become an artist when i grow up.
i bet if that person had the ability to choose what stays and what goes in the library, they would only have horror in the library.
he deals in ready-made garments.
there is even at home colleges now where you take your class online.
she knows that she has opportunity to take it again and does it better.
with just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home.
library materials must be checked.
i know that a lot more kids too because i was reading in a magazine that of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer.
is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets to making presentations and even to making fliers for special events.
to better prove my point, think of your favorite book.
this mood is a mix of many things.
most people of today are too afraid of what other people think.
that was what i thought about when i was tempted to actually remove them.
their happy because their all a family living together as one.
computers let you travel the world without taking a step.
without ever leaving their state.
so next time you hear some one wanting something removed tall them this or next time you want some thing removed you refer back to this.
if we do stop this way of life then things could get better and then our planet will stay around longer and we could make the a better place.
watch at least one or two episodes of television show.
in the word choice of that test again depicts her new attitude.
if you do this the wrong way it could blow out of the bold and potentially you.
then that will be the time to retake her driving test that she failed, which was before she bought the plant.
a lady took a fancy for me.
censorship should not be allowed because time and knowledge are the valuable building blocks that determine the future of humanity and not a single thought should go unheard.
the author in the story created a mood that you could feel all over while reading the article.
it is not right to hide the truth.
with computers you can see the , the tropical reef fish or the at the.
people are spending way to much time on computers because there addicted to them, over weight, and not getting any exercise.
the computer lets you interact with other, keeps you entertained and is very helpful and profitable.
more than half the time, the internet has beyond enough information for what i need.
that way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check.
if all the books that talk about history are gone then how will students be able to learn about the past.
she buys the plant in an attempt to get a reminder of her old home.
all it does is create anger and leads to lawsuits and more.
secondly they give us the ability to learn and communicate with the far away places.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they are extreme and do not change.
there just trying to say that it means more then anything to them and they do not want it to be bothered.
the organiser mr. anthony appeared to be a different kind of a person with magnanimity and charity.
secondly, if children have a computer at home their parents should be limiting the time and what exactly they could do on the computer.
calling someone or sending a letter costs money, but sending on email to someone does not.
for example when i was in grade in i had to write about .
it went very well.
for example, you can research almost anything.
whether it be through television, music, or books, man can be molded into something through what they are conditioned to believe.
due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch.
it gives you the to try something you enjoy what you get.
are there materials that are acceptable for adults, but not kids?
this lets me know that he does view his house as a home and that means he is happy.
as the setting changes in the story, so does the cyclists narrators mood.
they give you details on why to visit it and a fair price.
it shows the rejuvenation of new life within her just as flowers tend to bud in the spring.
of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet.
computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets.
dear : have you been sent a photo of a year old child with no clothes on?
wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source.
right here, he is saying that he thanks his parents for the life they had given him.
also, all the problems he faces are setting related like the snake & the rough road.
the hot weather was another factor that affected the author, trying to keep my balance in a dehydrated state.
these technological devices have enabled to us to get our work done in a timely matter to receive the grade that we deserve.
little by little she started gaining weight.
computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online.
in this memoir by family is immensely important to him and that mood shows greatly.
so in the end his surroundings destroyed him and then relieved him.
though this was a hot harsh setting it created inspiration for him to keep going and push through the hard times and survive.
you see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money.
as he runs out of water, the landscape, and his surroundings, start to get drier and drier.
he gets bad directions from old guys at the camps ground.
all because we are addicted to using the computers.
the store can not take the books off the shelf if one person is offended by the book.
also the snake affected the cyclist.
they help us when we need something or have to do a report.
if there even was one book that someone found discriminating or offensive they could always just pass by it and choose one that suits what they want.
but then we ask our selves why do people want to set at a library and read.
people can use laptops out doors.
i think most people would agree i say everyone in this world should be treated the absolute same.
but after visiting the floral shop, she discovers a more cherry.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
this is something you can not change.
their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media.
thing is that he was running out of water.
so now you know that a computer helps you in the future.
using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends on line.
although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally.
as you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages.
there are mass amounts of influential materials from the media and also from peers that a child is subject to.
reading this makes me feel grateful to live in .
more and more people get computers everyday.
many friendships are formed among people who have common hobbies.
magazines and movies are the same way.
it can help you find long lost family.
people still rely on computers just as much more today.
they are a way of communication, , and allows students to do better in school.
people spend too much time using the internet than exercising, nobody gets to enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends.
what would those books be without those statements?
just because one might not believe in what a story says, it does not mean that the piece of literature should be forbidden.
the library workers know what they are doing.
would you really take that away from him just because it is offensive???
in the hands of man.
also, the internet can help bring couple together and potentially lead to marriages.
this action can help with sports.
these children are exploring the literature world to learn and grow.
it is very thin and weak.
with computers that number goes down into the thousands.
finally, the computer makes you more social.
if anything they help together!
being on the computer you can go nights without sleeping.
this is why to continue forward with computers, and technology for the future.
some find it to be offensive, though.
people bargain with him before buying things.
one mood that the author had was happy.
you can learn just about anything on the internet, and most of it is absolutely free.
read on and i will explain why this is so important.
they should just put things aside, that they think well be offensive and let people ask for the things.
why would you want people in the community or people period to not be comfortable where they are at.
kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to.
computers are very useful.
the censorship in a library should be kept the same as it is already.
the cyclist starts to run out of water and he makes sure the vivid he comes across is not a mirage.
when on the internet, kids are capable of accessing anything and everything.
you can get addicted to one subject until you lose everything else you have.
computers have helped make that easier.
sometimes the best thing to is get some fresh air and interact with others.
i know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them.
studies show that people find the internet easy to use, and quicker than any method.
censorship is a great hindrance to knowing what is occurring and what has occurred in the world.
and many people sometimes take it real offensive if the book talks about there religion, race, or anything that involves to there personal life.
the library is a homestead to the knowledge seeker.
this summer my father taught me how to ride a bicycle.
because of this computers can greatly help any community.
furthermore hes in the middle of nowhere.
there would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe.
some students play different games in the playground.
mood in this memoir is enjoyable.
to the newspaper, computers are obviously needed in society.
in conclusion, the author included the quote to show how she is encouraged by memories of her homeland.
gives the reader a feeling of just how much loved his home.
these taught the main character how to love and how to care about someone.
news sites broadcast its social networking sites such as talked about it, and people talked to each other online about it.
he went on the computer and researched culture, so that he can be prepared.
yet that is just me.
however, she lost interest over time.
( questions were only used to support my survey) the next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer.
so please the local newspaper please try to make this believable.
and that my friends is not alright.
i like her appearance very much.
dear , i feel like computers are good for you in a lot of ways.
the setting affected the cyclist performance.
children are going to end up hearing bad words, seeing inappropriate things, and reading offensive passages in books or magazines.
meaning shell survive also.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
which has helped are society in ways.
in conclusion, computers have no benefits on people.
some book such as and are great to read for school assignments.
also in libraries there are a ton of music, movies, and magazines.
in many libraries, their inventory is being stripped for censorship.
this story is explaining how the features of your environment can either make or break you.
also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer.
for example , , and yahoo.
another freedom given to the people is the freedom of press.
there is nothing wrong with learning about negative things because that teaches people lessons so they know or not to do if in that situation.
the computer has changed society a lot, for the better.
there is no reason to censor a library, i believe.
it is not like a child will go up to the dirtiest book they can find and say ' i want to read that one.'
kids would learn about sex and drugs in school, and have a safe environment to answer their questions if they have any.
this memoir focused mainly on friends and family getting together to celebrate.
so then the guy that was talk about how the farm books should get pulled off the shelf he ask the librarian where the books was on spaceships.
you can also listen to the radio on a website.
i hate to go look at nature.
this quote shows how even though its not an object of beauty, it can do what it takes to survive.
imagine sitting at the computer, completing every assignment and doing every homework there is.
i do believe that someone is trying to make a difference with the banned books list.
lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open.
computers can but promote bad habits.
the story seems to heavily favor those who wish to read controversial novels, though we can take something from reading this book.
in brief censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parent responsibilities, media economics, and our constitutional rights.
if every book that was found offensive was taken of a shelf we would soon have no books left.
i always missed the tennis ball in matches.
people might need those materials for research or if they just want to find out about something.
children that have read books or watched inappropriate media can sometimes change how they are like.
through the around change need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is .
i am going to hit points on what i think about the subject.
above all, computers help you connect with old friends who have moved away or parted ways earlier in life.
one reason being that the author wanted to really show the meaning of the flower.
of will agree they spend at least hours a day on their computer.
you can help by teaching them what is right or wrong good or bad.
most children will see something interesting and repeat what they learned or share it with an adult and it could get them into trouble.
many people in those businesses use not only phones to communicate, but computers as well.
out of that end up getting better grades.
so no need getting mad over it.
it keeps them going on a regular day basis.
i believe that is a from two to three cars.
i saw the front page talking about computer.
its fast, easy and safe.
from all over the world there are cultures spreading throughout.
you can search up your friends name and magic!
the computer goes over long distances and connects both computers so you can bend writing almost instantly.
although some computers be fairly easy to use companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that is normal thing that will up on computers, they can give you viruses, and people can get your personal information.
this is why i agree with the effect of the computer.
all of these results are long term which causes you life to be okay.
you can learn a lot of new things about other countries.
it just changes the entire subject.
plus i know a lot people who feel the same way.
because than enjoying the fresh air and open fields has to offer are enjoying or our !
if they would like to express some adult subjects in their work that is their choice.
this shows that anything can be done when the time is right.
they have all types of game systems out there just for computers.
this empty land make the cyclist himself feel empty.
people not want there kids to look at certain things but, they need to keep them were there kids cant find them.
if you use the computer it might break or not work properly.
being able to talk to relatives from far away places is very important.
the setting for the cyclist is a hard and dangerous one.
the same goes for music, movies, and magazines.
for example when she failed the test she seemed distressed and very angry.
this sudden change in terrain caused him to get more tired, thirsty, and hot.
also, they have many medical problems.
computers are a way to teach hand eye coordination through programs, games and typing.
in the story, the speaker states, not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
if we take action rashly or foolishly, it may ruin us.
although there are people who think computers are good for you, others could say different.
first, the heat was the main part of nature that threw him off.
off people exercising out with time in the computer which is unbelievable and terrible.
i have two things to say about it.
censorship in libraries rids people of their freedom to choose.
the author concludes this story with this paragraph for a very good reason.
i understand it really is interesting to learn about people from different countries but their are some cons.
many things in the setting affect the cyclist.
what do you do?
well now its this advance machine called a computer.
not having a lot of water is really bad when your outside in the heat and the cyclist had no idea where to find more.
these are the reasons that the author ended with that paragraph rather than some other paragraph
books, movies, and music are all the same.
so, as i ask again, what be offensive in libraries?
the author created a very positive and optimistic mood in the memoir.
you need exercise to stay healthy too.
so please make sure you try to spend time with your family.
there are ways that censorship can be good, and some ways that it could be bad.
i thought the world would be a better place without me.
i for one do not like doing things, if they might offend someone.
in fact, a study that took place from to to see the long lasting terms computer overuse had some shocking results.
they can also teach you about far away places.
she in her forthright manner scolded both and silenced them.
another example is that there are no buildings around and is deserted with no one around and many hills and roads.
also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games bored, and work.
considering all of the things negatively affecting the cyclist, it is amazing that he managed to push through and reach a source of water.
none of my friends would have seen or told me about it.
that their child watches, change it!
there are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer.
i could go on and on, the list is a mile long.
there are better alternatives.
these negative comments will get nowhere in life.
but, a book on the black panther organization maybe offensive to someone else.
naturally, a specie we were not to spend so much time in a fixed position.
the author concludes winter hibiscus with the paragraph because it continues the theme of adjusting to changes in life.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
for starters it says he was traveling through the high desserts which is never a safe thing.
a civilized person will always behave properly with everyone.
computers can even score tests.
you should not care just for you or do what ever is right for you.
today, people are sending pictures to and from each other via emails.
there are books that were banned from schools throughout the country.
but i believe that the main purpose for computers is information.
all freedoms are taken away by that one word.
make it hard for them to do their homework.
so he ordered a program that teaches him how to speak while he is home.
there is all kinds of genres of books and music around, some have more strong language in them then other genres.
this section should be for grown ups only and that no children are aloud in there.
losing one can be very sad.
to most, this idea is not a good one.
in some way yes, but in other ways no.
his message be carried on for centuries.
inflaming the public is not what you want young authors.
well, first of all, why do we even want to watch, see, or listen to things that are not right?
this statement clearly says that where the cyclist was riding, water was very hard to find and scare.
i remember when i was about , i went to a hotel in with family and a family friend.
being able to contact people has never been easier.
thank you for taking the time to read this & i hope you will look into what i said.
and they will go out and do anyways.
one thing they use it for is movies on certain topics.
the setting of this story greatly affects the cyclists attitude and adversities.
these books should not be removed just because they are offensive to other people.
parents have to set a good example for kids.
many use the internet in research other countries.
all the games have a rating on them so you should have an adult check that game rating before you let your child get that game.
the author had very incredible parents that he is very grateful for.
just pay attention to whats going on in the library.
the ones that you keep on checking out from the library again and again because you love it so much.
no one has the right to govern what others believe in the world.
you want to have the ability to learn about far away places?
the setting affects the narrator both physically and mentally.
unless having books that seem offensive is worse than having the events we dread happen again, then books that are found offensive should not be censored.
i also could feel a sense of unity the author was trying to portray.
however the adult magazines should not be showing people with barely any clothes on, or any sexual scenes, and neither should teenage magazines.
the sun and the terrain can affect the cyclist very much when out on a hot day in the summer.
like the basic theory of.
the mood in this memoir was soft, with an exception.
first of all, i think a lot of it depends on your age.
if you are staring at the computer all day, your eyes not be used to seeing everything else.
as mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone.
it also starts to get hotter and he gets thirsty more often.
for some, it just depends on your age, your beliefs, and if you actually know if it is offensive in the first place.
the cyclists features around him affected him negatively.
yes it be true that adults like to read about sex, and drugs but do we really want our kids reading the same stuff that we read.
, this soon changes.
for example like in the book ' of the ' is an allegory.
it should die down eventually.
some people have family in another country.
would you believe it would be right to have a censorship at the library?
that means his parents really loved him because they wanted him to grow up and have a good life.
dear , a computer is a benefit.
the message brought from the book or song is basically saying go against your parents and do this.
so i think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives.
there are books and magazines you can read at anytime you want.
also trees that gives us oxygen too.
this just happens to be one of my opinions of censorship.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is great .
censorship for such reasons is different than not allowing a young child to watch something violent.
never once have i ever been outside and relaxed besides when i got on and off the bus for school.
are great for kids in libraries.
the sweet memories of this period are glorious.
first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life.
she gets paid loads of money.
they can do work over the computer look at houses, cars and lots of other important things.
computers help people stay in touch, computers are only getting better and they help kids in many ways.
we need these books for future generations so that we are able to teach and guide them.
the author was affected in many ways be the conclusion.
he is happy about them because of all of the good times he had in it.
as time goes on, our society becomes more advanced with more and more unnecessary technology, such as the television.
this shows the increase in effort in strain the terrain caused on the cyclist during his adventure.
without books, people turned to electronics for entertainment.
in said novel society has outlawed all books.
the world has seen what can happen when things get censored.
there are many ways you can keep in touch over computers.
many things about the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
now what can you do?
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
it also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember.
being able to use a computer really boosted my grade in science.
so i can see what too much computer time can do.
humans use computers mainly because it makes life simpler, easier.
censorship, or the ability to control what is seen or heard, is a term that is taken very differently from one person to the next.
another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment.
hes frightened by it because it looked like a diamond back and he was trying to keep his balance and ease past it.
there be some people that would like to know more about one of those things for a project at school or a problem in their personal lives.
i do think they should just be placed in different areas.
this would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents.
also if your stuck on a math problem you can use the calculator.
my third and final reason why advance in tech.
everyone was in a hurry.
they could also buy a magazine that looks perfectly fine on the outside but have offensive images on the inside.
one, its not fair for people who are not offended.
as s result, i use it for homework.
secondly, the internet can also be very unhealthy and can create you to become less social.
and the main character, who is a cyclist and is doing a lot of physical activity, is a going to sweat a lots.
my last reason was you can meet people.
for example, when he is describing his parents cooking.
he loves his parents what they did for him.
no one is taking to reading as a way to relieve boredom, they are just sitting on the couch watching television.
not exactly all books are offensive but some are.
my use it when people are hurt and i know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy.
people were already becoming lazy because of television.
lastly my third and final reason on why i agree is because student absolutely do not exercise.
where did this inspiration come from?
if you had a friend or family member move away, computers are an easy way to contact them.
if you like sports you can look on the internet and find pages about different sports.
this one problem ran also affect you so many other ways.
do you are one?
i conclude that these features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways but he keep pushing himself to more on.
even if it is offensive you could still learn something from the book, movie,magazine, music, etc.
here are some of the examples that i can think of just off of the top of my head.
do you want your child to be next?
so please stop using the computer all the time.
keep on reading so i could tell you all about my three reasons.
and for adults when you work with big companies you work with people all around the world.
as i ,mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people.
the materials be controversial, but they still are pieces of literature that deserve to be read and studied by the people of the .
there are many reasons for overpopulation.
a couple years ago i can remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid shooting his father in the head.
what to do now let you on the computer again.
computers are also help young children to old adults learn new things.
the world is revolving around electronics.
that is why i think more people should use computers.
for example, certain religious books might offend people of other religions, but that does not mean that we should take them off the shelves.
this is hurting our environment!
he also explained how his parents built the home on their own, that he got to grow up in.
and it even gave young boys ideas about killing people or girl friends.
this is the next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
things like this will probably happen, and the kids will land up getting in trouble for not having the assignment turned in which is not even their fault.
as you can see the computer has a lot of positives.
teachers in schools do their best to make sure the material that children and young adults read and see in school is appropriate for their certain age group.
every parent is worried about their kid getting into trouble with the law, right?
should materials that some people find offensive be removed from libraries?
the internet can also help people find jobs.
many things nowadays in order to be perfect, have to be written up on the computer or you will not get the result you were hoping for.
computers then come in handy.
the breeze of the wind had a positive affect because it helped to cool him down.
dear local newspaper, i overheard some people talking about how much time their families spend on the computer.
i think that all offensive images to people that visit the library should be taken off the shelves and removed from the library.
helps the environment.
he wears a smart khaki uniform.
for a person of any race this is a way to feel the pain and struggle of people before us.
i know kids in school use foul language all the time.
video chat is a great way to make new friends and still talk with your old friends.
online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others.
have the explicit books on one side of the library and the non on the other side.
perhaps he or she reads something that his or her parents did not intend on teaching them for some time.
for instance if people are on a lot of the time is research.
explaining how his family loves cooking and playing music.
i want to talk about interacting with family and friends.
because some of the things are very mean in books and movies.
there are a lot of people that think most of the music that you hear on the radio today is offensive.
there is no such thing as bad .
did you know that people use their computers extremely often?
thank you for listening.
new music sometimes contains lewd or inappropriate lyrics that have no place in the library.
they help students do there school work.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the cyclist.
we could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring nature!
books of all sorts should be allowed to children and adults of all ages.
those are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication.
parents should have the say over what their children read and should not have that decision made by others
some of the content is vulgar and explicit and some is very offensive, but that still does not give you the right to remove these things.
it was here in the united states, that he really understood what family was or what a home was.
this bait store gave him water and a good map.
this quote shows that is thankful for a nice place to call his home.
some people can be happy with things ,while others disagree.
some kids in school are on the internet all day talking to friends who live down the street.
everybody should be able to get what they want even if it might offend others.
my views on censorship are strong.
example, i went to to pick up a few items a party.
one time i went into the library and i picked out a book about a haunted house.
young kids every day are told what to do and what not to do.
he could have died from either dehydration or exhaustion.
would you rather get a good nights rest or be extra tired in the morning because you stayed up too late on the computer?
proven by the best major over of children either have desktops, laptops, or some type of internet access.
in the library, you can find books for leisure, study, training, and books found offensive to a variety of people.
as you can tell, computers also have a negative effect on relationships with family and friends.
the horizon was what kept cyclist going.
besides the obvious most helpful features, you can play computer games, watch mores and listen to music on a computer.
do you find that to be fair to our rights?
my last and final reason is that computers can help save a lot of trees and paper.
many artists probably feel that they are being placed in a state of seclusion and hatred.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is lovable.
i think computers do have a positive effect on people.
the mood the author created in the memoir loving and happiness.
these are just very few things that can happen.
a test done by showed that teens will rebel times more than usual with the aid of a computer.
there are more reasons how people are being affected by computers, but these are the most common.
how would you like it if someone took a book away from you, just because it had language or nasty meaning?
he will never forget growing up and living in that house.
but there are new things that she is becoming used to.
therefore also few towns, making it hard to get good advice and supplies and supplies.
but is also more listening to the radio online.
for example, on paragraph , says he will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifices.
he wears khaki uniform.
this one she can actually call home.
the snow melting, the geese returning, and the hibiscus budding all indicate a time of rebirth and new beginnings.
you can also learn about different people and places.
you could go on the internet and see what is going on from the internet.
so you decide , should be outside more?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a very happy, loving, content mood.
they are so they can also help other refugees.
but, you can get kinds of information from books.
computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations.
????
not having these books up on the shelves, means no one can read them.
doing when was easy you will also get a better grade.
in conclusion, being online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives.
this topic is about personal opinion and choice.
i was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful.
i believe that no book should be denied of this right.
these are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder.
for we are all the same, but yet, still broken up among looks and culture
if you know your over weight from the computer.
basically, the computer and the bad wide web things to do.
she fails the test by buying a winter hibiscus after breaking down crying, homesick.
this poor man’s vehicle can carry two persons easily.
it is there fault because parents let their child check the items out.
this shows he is very aware all his parents did for him and makes him truly happy knowing they care for him that much.
computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them.
this system gives parents the ability to keep their children away from harmful material, without taking it out of the hands of adults.
there was no one around that he could ask for help from.
on certain websites you can see something that can teach you.
i believe there should not be any censorship in libraries.
although i do believe that people who find things offensive should just stay away from it.
the writer makes me feel joyful because it reminds me of what my family is like.
i have grown many kinds of flower plants in it.
he lets the desert and the heat convince that he is going to die.
it took him about an hour he typed papers.
the next thing to come along is an old juice building that almost seems to mark him on how he has no water.
despair is writ large on their faces.
he was doubting that he could make it alive.
this effected my life a lot, i stopped going out on weekends with my friends, i always wanted to stay home when my family wont out.
therefore i believe that there should not be censored books in a library, and parents should have the right to ask for them to be removed.
the government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand.
if the was never invented how would you talk to people from around the world.
in the text it states through the quiet repetition of season upon season, almost familiar to her now.
if the worry is concerning youth, parental guidance should be in affect.
as a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether.
he is getting worried because there is no one around and his directions are starting to sound wrong.
well because of computers forgetful students can talk to a classmate online and get the homework and do it.
in paragraph it explains how he is happy about his life.
these event would stay in her memory.
movies are almost just as harmless, limits are needed, but overall?
i can see the headlines now, ' watching movie cause them to be murders.'
as a student i know that kids use computers all the time.
many times i have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion.
my brother feel so uncomfortable with that book, he decided to take it back that same night.
i am one of those few people who believe that no one should have the right to remove a book simply because they find the book offensive.
these materials are taken in perspective by all different kinds of people.
the computer could teach babies how to talk.
dear newspaper, computers have advance a lot since they were first made.
they control life in the major part.
second, the reason why people get on computers a lot.
i say no!
this all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives.
there is a mood of love too.
if we could, when people are checking out these books, movie, magazines, etc.
therefore, , are having a negative affect on society.
he talked about the cheerful house, people and neighborhood.
it puts a huge tall on you life.
is very important to have interactions with people.
finally, all the children are getting lazier.
another reason i think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information.
libraries need to become a little more organized.
these materials not be offensive to some people, but it can be to others.
wide signs of dried outcast winded my limb, and the growing realization that i could drop from ??
thirdly, the boy will always be grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
you could also socialize with family and friends.
truly if you decide to take out classics like we lose not only knowledge and the story we lose our freedom
it should be up to the children what they read.
also, you can communicate with friends and family.
i already know what the words are so why censor it.
in fact, of must teens do so.
libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences.
it approaches the prey stealthily.
the author also had to deal with rough terrain when he rode his bike through the hills.
authors have the freedom to write about whatever interests them, and taking away their right to display their thoughts and opinions is unjust.
please heed my advice and use the internet and computer.
fiction books are the first books children know how to read, this is where they start their reading skills.
now remember, computers have bad effects on people because it makes people unhealthy.
movies have been criticized for decades because they represent some sort of life lesson or truth that is not appealing to the audience.
to this off, it would be nice for people to take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long.
the following day both i and my sister went school.
she accepts this as a new chance to start fresh , and then try to pass the test.
or should we just reason with the people who are offended?
but there are all kinds of books that you can pick you have history,poems,dramas,love,scary.
the setting also affected him mentally because he was silently yelling at himself since he took directions from the old men.
in conclusion, computers are used every day and help us greatly, weather it be learning a new language, or just talking to friends.
my second reason who f think computers have terrible effect is because eye damage.
magazines also offer pictures that, in recent times, would have been illegal to put out.
i went to my friends houses and listed to explicit music and watched rated movies.
in addition, the geese returning symbolizes a new beginning.
are there benefits?
in conclusion water and no direction was the cyclist problem in the story
kids use these as entertainment.
he carries a stick and whistle in his hand.
out computers are used for learning about place and people.
or they wont answer and they need information fast.
you picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a couple different ways.
this affects him because he is sweating and he is running out of water and he could possibly become dehydrated.
i hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people!
i live in a small town near longford in london.
the cyclist said, over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
i personally think that if people could do that they would, but is everything someone else finds offensive really offensive to you?
the author concludes this story this way to go over again the important things in the story.
computers are learning more and more advanced everyday.
some movies have bad stuff in there.
this discouragement must have made his journey more mentally challenging.
books can be very educational.
this could make a child have in decide between a whole family to , friends, and family are essential in life, and computers put those in jeopardy.
i can see those anytime around town.'
he graduates top of the class, goes through college and gets a high paying job right out of the gate.
dear newspaper, i strongly agree that computers have effected people in a very positive way.
this answers the question because it shows how the setting leads to his feeling of hopelessness.
i talked to the people who have just started to use computers and out of people said that they had liked what they had seen.
another thing that computers is very useful for is helping kids with homework and school work.
people do not appreciated nature as they used to, as they should.
i wiped the sweat from my eye the way the author described the hill as crippling should how much energy it was taking away from the cyclist.
but, she went on the hunt of her father by faith in the lord.
you can not take everything out to please one person, because it could make another person mad
thanks to computers, there is a great chance students receive a passing grade.
so by these examples you can see that the mood of the memoir is happy and joyful.
, my name is and i am writing to you because, i want to inform you about the benefits of having computers.
furthermore, computers are a way for students to study.
these computers are crazy expensive.
think about how someone really likes that.
on the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world.
of the goes without physical domain for at least a and a half.
with the help of the internet, i can do.
the author made the setting seem long and unbearable, felt of undesirable heat and lack of water at hand.
one of the most loyal customers to the library are children and their parents.
my father went to drop them back home.
the computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous.
this problem can be easily fixed with removing that issue.
i know i use the web to with almost every project i have.
the setting affected the cyclists mood in a negative way.
you can find your information and make something out of it.
there are many people in the world that use computers every day and some that use it sometimes.
but as i got into the books, the more mature they got.
there are probably better, more appropriate words to use when i am in public, but then i would not feel like i am being quite myself.
out of people said they like typing on the computer more then writing it on .
your personality also change with your social life and routine.
they always came over and had dinner babysat him and every thing that is why it is love.
there are millions of chat sites in which people can meet and.
imagine life without a computer what would you do?
the author is very, extremely thankful for his parents sacrifice, love, care and selflessness.
that book was one of the best selling books in the world.
first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world.
they are so much fun to play and what i am talking about is video games.
censoring one piece of literature opens the doors of debate for every other piece ever created.
to me, that sounds crazy.
as a person, i am well associated with my mind, and it desires the freedom of choice.
if you say good for you.
when we walk into a library full of books, theirs a huge variety of any kind of books.
just cause there is some kind of material they find offensive does not mean that everyone does to.
and who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves about?
all, however, betray a sense of fear in their content, and that fear has transferred directly into local civilization.
also, computers can cause all kinds of medical problems.
managers or owners if you get people coming in to tell you to read this book, watch this movie.
so i think that computers are the best thing that we ever invented or who ever do.
the author is also trying to create a loving mood in the sense that he is explaining the caring acts of his parents.
not be suitable for most young children.
people should spend less time on the computer.
today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that, censorship.
we should allow people to pick what they like.
i like buying off the internet.
a large number of people came to see the fair.
many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but i believe that enhances .
people who do drugs or have a family member that does drugs are an example.
not every single child in is going to be protected from bad materials.
in conclusion, all of these are perfect examples of why inappropriate materials should be removed to prevent people from being offended.
you have to type them too.
i do not remember anything bad in it.'
this shows how important the hibiscus was to her.
i mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate.
people can get degrees from learning online learn another.
almost everyone has a computer and it gets used more and more and it is just taking away a great time to go be active outside.
we all wore nice party dresses.
nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet.
the same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music.
if they took books like that away, what would the people that like them do?
statistics state that grownups that use the computer at night feel more awake in the .
we need to stop the problems and turn off the computers.
would you go looking for a new book?
it would be a terrible place.
i personally disagree with the concept.
there are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer.
all of them are white.
you can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies.
they once per a day after the sunset.
that are found offensive to people.
i want to see that word and feel its full effect.
let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility.
this allows the reader to feel such love and happiness which is being expressed.
his destination on a dry day.
the desert setting affects the cyclist ability to function.
even if it is offensive it can teach someone wrong from right.
the computers have gone to far now.
plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while.
her mind was also starting to ware.
but, we need to know whats happening all over the world.
they should just be put in their own area for adults to read only
another simple fact is that the constitution that we have the freedom of , which basically means we print and read whatever we want.
was the author of this book and i thought she did an excellent job of writing this piece of literature.
hostel life has many advantages.
so, in any other case censorship would be wrong and immoral.
to one person a book could be very offensive and to their neighbor it could have a whole new, opposite meaning.
dear , have come very far with technology.
i use to spend three hours online everyday.
the cyclist said that this sight was troubling.
the author is thanking his parents for the numerous amount of things they have done for him, he is grateful.
i got news for you.
however, it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions.
if all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers.
it can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy for not exercising.
the computer is a greet way to meet new people that share the same characteristics as you!!
i hope the ways of life change really fast because things can get really bad.
that goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like.
getting information has never been so easy.
sections in libraries do help establish a sense of organization, although personal assistance would be helpful as well.
they sacrifice their luxuries to provide food and education for us.
this made the biker have to work harder, and use more energy.
despite the racism going on in the places around them, his parents were able to bring people together by being welcoming, helpful, and friendly.
simply because adults do have the right to view these materials.
there is no reason in the world that there should not be able to be a variety types of books out.
health is a big issue when it comes to computers.
obesity is also a big issue.
computers offer another way to learn things about the world.
let alone read about it in school!
see love can be found out on computers and a lot of fun too.
of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic.
teens have computer every week.
artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors.
we should not result to that.
people can disagree, no one has to agree with anything anyone says.
when he finally made it, he was so relieved.
first reason is freedom of the press.
computers are very useful to people of the world i bet that the people who make them will make new ones that can go on almost everything.
with the new computers, people are able to talk with people all over the world.
also it does not matter at all if i had to pay a late fee for the books that i checked out from the library.
and you can also look up places like , or if you need to find out where a place is use .
i for one think that the computer was come to be one of the greatest inventions ever created.
also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees.
the library could put those certain books in own part of the library.
if you ever miss a show to watched home of the show and watch it.
how could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people?
lastly it also takes you away from enjoying life outside of the internet.
i hope to persuade you about the horrible effects a computer has on people.
i thank god for giving me a loving family and a wonderful life.
ultimately, libraries need to take action and dispose of the offensive materials that pose a threat to our society
and that is why i think computers have a good effect on people.
it just is not fair to everyone else.
imagine standing outside, the warm sun dancing on your back, jumping into the pool and feeling the cool water flow around you.
that shows her important computers are and how convenient.
in a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because of some causes.
millions of people use a computer for working at their .
well i personally do not go to a library but many others do.
the reason for this is that if a man gets shot in the leg and all he said was,' !!'
disagreements could turn into debates, and those could turn into fights.
(last sentence)
it is grateful in a few ways.
last of all, computers are for our entertainment.
they had many celebrations with family and friends and everyone cared about each other.
i think that for this reason you used the computer for good thing.
they would most likely to tell people to not get it and tell the school that they were offended by the material.
i really think that books in age groups, will stop the commotion.
can it get better?
finally, i would like to tell you about the fun things you can do on computers.
because the fancy technology will be here till years too come!
as you can see computers have helped students all across the .
so with the computer computer.
this basically means that with all the love and care his parents had toward him and his neighbors, created a great place to live.
when he gets the dark in the road with the risky pipe of water he begins to switch into conservation made and begins to get is scared.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he is trying to bike up hills and down hills, which can be very tiring.
as you can see, i have stated many good reasons.
i believe that whatever is put into the media has a purpose.
not only has this computer crashed once, but twice!
we will start it in our home garden.
we all worry about our children, having to keep a constant eye on them making sure there not getting into something there not supposed to be in.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
there are many reasons why the author concludes the story with that paragraph.
and if that happens, then there would be no more books on the shelves.
computers are also attention hogs and take away interaction with family.
you cannot get away from it.
children learn by hands on or watching other things.
there are a couple things that affect the cyclist in the story.
there are too many children that have access to inappropriate materials at the library, but some of it could be useful.
about of viruses can cause a computer to shut down and it is hard to reboot it.
this creates a tone of hope for future comfort.
what is a library?
i have a cousin who is and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer.
it can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day.
people buying selling talking and shouting.
you just gotten make that type of change.
if censorship in libraries actually happened, many authors say forget it and not even right anymore.
your body needs fresh air, so start enjoying your life a little more people!
dear , people these days rely too much on technology.
for example, many books talk about drugs and smoking.
we need to have more books like what the teacher was trying to teach us.
bad people are afraid of him.
everyone knows the basic learning you get in school, which is extremely .
first of all, he was traveling in the which means it was very dry.
you could even learn about a computer and all of its history!
the cyclist was prepared for an exciting day and the setting supported this feeling.
we as human beings have the ability to make our own decisions.
musicians also play music of course.
too much time on the computer can interfere with physical activities, social time, and health issues.
the next morning he is excited and rejuvenated, ready to bike again.
my grandfather gifted me this car last christmas.
i think the using the computer is not a bad benefit because it helps you be in communication with your family or friends.
most importantly it will help kids an adults on school work or work.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is nostalgic, warm, and thankful.
families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to , or .
i believe that having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it.
dear , people at my school sit on there computers after school.
how is that fair?
killing the layer the are much more powerful, hurting people.
it should still be some type of book with some kind of censorship to it.
the computer is like a cause and effect.
hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday.
another tough feature of the setting was the hills he had to ride up and down.
people interact with others different countries, states, & or continents.
it was a lovely experience.
or will they take a turn for the worst?
nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world.
another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library.
the government of the needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional.
computer affect us in a negative way that can change the course of our life.
is sitting around all day your idea of a workout?
is there movies, music, magazines, books, and more in our libraries today seen as offensive to some?
dear , you imagine where the world would be without computers?
i fully agree with adults not letting children watch that new scary movie or that action book their brother is reading.
made their slave through ignorance.
the author is talking about his past, when he was younger.
i would read a different story every week with a large group of kids in the community.
finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online.
he is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep.
he runs out of water.
the setting was also really hot, so the cyclist had a hard time getting the water he needed to keep going.
if they do not want to buy it then they should simply move on to another shelf or to a completely different store.
the people behind these pictures and profiles not be who you think they are.
she needs time to adjust to her new home like the hibiscus to get some roots in the new soil she is on.
i just think that certain books, music, and magazines should be kept in a different place instead of out in the open where everyone can see them.
they do not know what is happening outside. )
the setting seems to start worrying the cyclist two miles after he said that he could make the next miles easily.
so instead of taking those types of books out they should be put into a room that is strictly not for children to go in.
other ways lived you could as.
that is, in my opinion, the beauty of human nature
as many would agree, censorship is a growing topic of concern throughout the world.
while he is just starting out, the road is flat and easy.
books should be the same way.
others join them after finishing their lunch.
she has a small workshop where these dolls are made.
the authors parents risked so much for their son.
they console us in our sorrows.
he remains busy the whole day.
if there was twenty different books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please.
there is no need to be rude.
never give up.
censorship is when a group of people agree that a certain book, song, movie, or magazine is found offensive in any way.
such as in war books the characters curse a lot.
many different characteristics in a setting and determine the outcome of an event there.
he drove all the way to to get it.
in opinion i benefit people using computers.
i hardly ever see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are far more entertaining then being with your friends and family.
so get off those computers and call a friend.
it is illegal to censor any publication such as books, magazines, music or movies.
from my own experiences i know that it is a growing problem.
first reason is people are losing time.
a few days ago a friend took me to an arphange.
for example, a book that you think is boring could actually be interesting to another person.
i know that you can break free from it because i once experienced the same thing.
sex, drugs, cursing, etc.
in her final paragraph it shows she overcame her fear.
is faraway from us, we see it small.
when i was a little girl i remember going to the often with my mother to pick out books for school.
what has ever happened to freedom of speech?
the butterflies make our home-gardens beautiful and help in the pollination of flowers.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
he first comes to a ghost town where he finds no one is living.
the computer helps us with school.
most of the questioning about a book is the language in it.
but just like everything computers have their downside.
computers makes it so copier with so many pictures editing and many more, editing pictures from a expensive digital it for free on your computer?
they are used as medicine.
advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible decades .
i can give you good reasons why.
they can you.
most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside!
so take them off the radio.
when and if this were to happen, people will not become educated with new available data.
another description of his setting that probably affected his ability to peddle was when he states flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
although i see where others come from about removing these kinds of materials from shelves.
whats the point of going on the computers if all your going to do is play games that gets boring to me.
you have to be careful where you go when using the internet.
if you are older, then you can probably make the decision to read or watch something because it is more appropriate for your age.
let them do what they want to
there will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects.
the cyclist is pretty confident in what they tell him, so he follows their suggestions.
computers are a good way to help with your skills.
the person should just not read the book.
she ventures to find all the plants that remind her of home and to relate them to her past experiences.
it is very important for babies to have milk.
children have actives mind that pick up on everything around them.
secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online.
everyone thinks computers are so wonderful and can only positively affect you.
explains that if one person has a right to take a material off a shelf than everyone else has that right.
so stop reading and use a computer!
i have a few relative in , .
do you want this to happen to you?
some material be inappropriate for younger readers.
they provide a lot of information.
this is a good way to use the computer because you can track your route you can even print a map and go hiking.
as every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them.
you never know the people could be messed on in the head.
music be found most offending now days but, music is also away of getting emotions and freedom of speech out.
of people including teachers agree with this.
the whole human ace would be in chaos.
one of them is trees.
the citizens of have the responsibility of exposing the truth and teaching our children the differences between right and wrong.
money is not available these days to just travel to different countries and experience their culture.
if i was on the computers all the i would be able to enjoy.
although the is a government run facility, many people will go elsewhere to find the materials wanted to view the censored media.
in our home country of the we are promised many rights to protect our freedom as citizens.
this implies that it is very hot outside.
due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient temples.
the mood in this memoir is a very relaxed and happy mood.
you want my opinion on the effects computers have on people?
home that???
her name is bunny.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very thankful.
please when you are writing you article before and listen to my facts.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in a couple of ways.
but others are like why not they are going to know about it in and when they are married also.
the environment we grow up in is how we turn out , , and being read about or heard is not the way to be
software typically includes games, movies, and music.
just like some people be interested in fantasy or comedy.
allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends.
he finally got to the next town to live.
without computers, i would not be able to do this.
this shows he is extremely determined.
as he sees the bait and tackle shop, he knows he can make it there and that when he gets there he can recover.
without variety, how is that possible?
the second reason that the mood of this memoir is thankfulness is that the author is thankful for his home.
that statement tells me that the author feels well he is inside his home or inside a home with his family members.
, a for , says that sites like have skyrocketed in popularity over the .
also the whole race, the cyclist biggest problem was water.
the author has the right to what they wrote and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged.
even though she failed her drivers test she still has determination to take it, and try to pass again.
why would you move from the shelves, if they are going to know about it some how?
well no more!
my final reason for computers is that they are perfect to learn about disasters in other countries.
dear , the average teenager spends hours on a computer daily!
we cannot see air.
i now have to worry about what we check out.
i hate all these because they will make us do wrong things.
hardly anyone would, and one of the things they controlled most was personal freedom.
i am writing this essay to you to tell you.
music can also be on the good side too.
me and my do not like that.
well computers these days have webcams.
computers can help with our educational needs.
in the short story the cyclist was affected by the setting in many ways.
the author wanted to impart this on the reader since it is an important lesson to know.
but its going to keep going on until someone speaks up.
so from the scene that is being seen and the mood it has would also give the character its mood.
if everyone decided to take one book or movie they think was inappropriate off the shelf, there would be nothing left in the library.
i am only saying that our surroundings almost make us who we are along with the way we were raised.
personally i think computers have a good influence on people.
so take movies for example.
they can go on the internet and get information on with just a couple clicks of the mouse.
this also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email.
what is offensive to one person, another person might enjoy watching, listening to, or reading.
in his spare time he entered
they might even have a movie to go with the book the reader has read, but some people are more visual with the movie.
so the setting affects the cyclist in a way that could have killed him.
lastly, all books make people more intelligent.
yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways.
sure people have a freedom of speech but it should not effect what books belong on the shelf.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a negative impact on society.
since i have two computers and one laptop i have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer.
now humans are capable of spreading info around the world in seconds.
do you want to be unhealthy in life if not go outside and take a walk.
some books that are found offensive by one person might not offend another.
quite often by the time their turn come it is time for closing.
if you take away those books, then you will be harming our societies ability to learn.
then he started having a conversation with some old me who decided that they would tell him a short cut they took back in the day.
books are incapable of judgment.
also, do you remember when was the time to put the alarm clock on for ?
every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like.
some stories are there for our entertainment, some catch our emotions, and some our there for our knowledge.
so i believe and i feel that she must be the most beautiful woman in the world.
students stay off the streets and only cause trouble with siblings at home.
this crushed her.
how would you work?
if we do take away all the offensive materials we should take away everything.
without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world.
this will effect their later years interviewing for things such as colleges or even jobs.
a market place.
video chat can allow you to show someone a picture or an expression.
movies can teach a lot about different countries, and books do a wonderful job as well.
the author concluded the story with the paragraph because it shows that everything and everyone can make it through a tough time.
with all of the new devices we have , people can just get their books online.
the mood he has while writing the memoir is grateful.
some of the best advertisements have won international acclaim.
everyday, computers are helping people get through their days with minimal problems.
no one should be aloud to take something away that is important to other people even if it is offensive.
finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever.
, , email, etc.
they can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things.
therefore, the setting of the story affect affects the conflict and the solution.
the only thing would be is to keep an eye out for any offensive books, music, and etc.
i person should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like.
they do not display actual happenings or thoughts for the most part.
the parents gave up seeing their families, friends and careers in the country they loved.
i believe materials that are offensive to some people should be permitted from the public library.
some people do not like to be bored of the same thing.
we also took along bats, balls, and other games.
all during the memoir he speaks of how he cherished his family.
are you going to let your child read that book?
the parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away.
overall i think that censorship should be allowed at high schools.
i see literature as another form of art.
it is already and we are using the computer for so much.
the flowers take her to a happy peace and make her feel at home.
the biker was negatively affected by this setting because it contributed to his rough times and caused him to lose hope.
but when it comes to a nude magazine, all about sex and being naked, that should be in adult stores only.
people who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively.
he gave many examples throughout the memoir that strongly showed the mood he made in this memoir, pride
it could help develop a smarter brain in many ways.
this means that with every season she get more used to her new home and if became more like her and with every season.
and i think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that.
surf the real waves next the artificial ones dudes!
children are learning things they should not know about, until an older age, at a very young age.
even what to do and what not to do.
the computer is also to everyday life and is very useful for learning new things about far away places and people.
more than of give all of their information away about it on these websites and child predators have looked at them.
people all judge things differently.
this whole situation implied to stick to your original plan.
computer are also helpful for applying for like you can look for you like.
the computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as , and .
also computers even broadcast national news.
he can imitate actions of the other actors successfully.
to end this story my reason was yo can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun.
the author ends with the feeling of encouragement because it leaves the reader inspired.
with a good colour sense one can bring joy into one’s environment.
so, does that mean it should be taken down off the shelf because it is offensive to both people?
also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used.
this is due to their intelligent reading levels.
but, eventually, with right leadership, it would help make a more truthful environment.
we never all like the same thing.
have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer?
whenever i have a holiday, i pick up any book from the shelf and read it.
all of these features affected the cyclist in some way.
to special uses.
perhaps the most influential element of the setting is the isolation.
is that the right choice?
after time the starts to become worse and worse and the kids gain weight and keep gaining wait then become obese and unhealthy.
as soon as the bus arrived, all the passengers ran to board it.
more than people in the world have computers.
the second reason is that not all people agree on censorship.
a person who is on the computer all day and does nothing else except that, then that is not healthy at all.
the cyclists determination went down as long as he was riding.
i will try to solve all the difficulties of my students.
plus while so much you will be prone to using in , thus you with, nothing but a bad grade.
so many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource.
children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight.
you cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart.
once you read this letter, then you will understand my reasoning.
whatever is put inside those books is allowed to be there no matter what.
it would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back.
my mother starts her day work early in the morning preparing our meals.
these books should not be aloud to be checked out by kids under the age of unless their parent or guardian allows them to.
if there is going to be bad things in the library the owners might make a section just for those things.
dear , do people benefit from the use of computers.
dear man, would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing?
(to me that sounds like a good time to invite family and friends!)
also, chat rooms on the computer can help friends always keep in touch.
do you want your children to have bad images in their head?
the man goes through the novel with a secret stash of books of his own.
this lets people explore the world and do anything.
as i mentioned, people who use computers too much are getting less exercise.
should we have censored them?
censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions.
there were rusted water pumps, with hot water, but nothing to cool him down.
school children should try to become gentlemen someday.
first, the town the cyclist first comes upon is described as a ghost town.
they do not have to read these books it does not affect them.
every body in this world has their likes and dislikes.
many magazines and books, such as and books about modeling, portray beautiful as stick thin and your clothes almost falling off your body.
the hibiscus also reminds her of her home.
with the new technology, people can send emails within seconds instead of running around the entire office giving out memos.
, the author makes him seem proud of himself.
i think that have never really had a choice in matters that affects them directly, and i think we should.
man is a social animal.
as the cyclist continues for a few more miles, hes becoming slowly dehydrated, and finally sees a building.
if libraries start to ban books, music, movies, magazines or other items then they are hiding things they do not want people to read.
the features of the setting affect how the cyclist feels and thinks.
some people like these kinds of things with bad actions in them!
and this is true.
you can learn history or about the present time.
the computer can really help you.
i often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they doubt or lessen his chances for survival, but the cyclist is determined so he survives.
besides interfering with our computers do the same with education.
different teachers are responsible for different subjects.
just because the student chooses this topic, does not mean that he or she supports it.
she gets up to go start the car, but hey eye catches on the computer.
dear local newspaper, in the society we live in, more and more people are using computer including me.
for example, when the cyclist headed from the intense heat, he needed to find a town.
if you take out things like that in the books they read, then how will they learn?
would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world?
for example if i wanted to i could talk to someone and the and clean my room.
looking out for what are children see is a large matter, the other side though is the thought of people getting ideas from reading more intense books.
drew , a park ranger, says.
one way is the heat caused him to drink more then her ran out of water.
none people would be inside on the computer.
people benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them.
the author set a mood for this memoir.
thank you for time.
i think chatting online is great but dangerous.
be smart and safe!
some people take romances being offensive or comedy or horror.
you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over.
the author does this for several reasons.
you can tell i do not have the greatest hand writing.
you could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
there is also a website called .
a feature is something specific about some thing else.
also when someone check out a book the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and its possible that it offend them.
you can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know.
finally i think people should have to give up reading, listening to, watching or looking at things that be interesting to them
then what is next?
we cannot let this continue.
the shelves would empty, because the loss of many phenomenal books.
i believe strongly that these materials should be removed from libraries in most cases.
when you are out of energy, your ride is over.
we can do any activities with our family, exercise for our health, go picnic with friends or we have fun go on vacation with the whole family.
some of it can be bad, but mostly it all is good information.
also i could see what the news are, and i could contact teachers through the computer.
people are becoming more and more lazy these days.
i think that this would be fair for every one.
the winter is the current season and spring is on its way.
while these examples seem relatively innocent, there are many cases where they can be found very offensive.
i think this is wrong.
all of which do have the need of removing these books and other materials from the libraries' shelves.
you could probably find whatever you want on the internet.
your computer is also where your data like music and pictures can be saved.
the author explains, throughout the memoir, how his parents were caring and loved to help others.
why would anyone do this to themselves?
what will we begin to predict for the future?
after the first couple town, he starts to ride on short, rolling hills.
it helps us to improve our mind.
also the students can use the computer as a way to study.
my brother is still too young to go to school.
dear , you know that computers can prevent you from doing a lot of things?
some people believe can help to be more hand eye coordinated, so does playing catch.
you have, there are two things you can do in that situation.
if someone finds one aspect of a work offensive, that does not qualify for the work to be banned or discarded.
out of people work out home.
to help this, i type almost all of my papers.
getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer.
i believe that computers make everyday work easier to do.
who would want to go to a library with all the same books?
also when you look for a home decorator you just go on the computer and look up websites to see some of the work they have done.
no i know you will not,but think about that when you expect others to agree with what you say or think.
well a friend of mine used to go outside everyday went outside to play.
dear editor, name is , and i believe that computers are a benefit to the world, and people as well.
another instance under which censorship had had a negative affect on society and culture was during the regime.
so i took my time and typed it out one letter at a time, and it was correct!
pictures can also be offensive in many ways such as sex, race, and violence.
so, on to the last thing that i am going to talk about.
no matter what religion, ethnicity, or moral values you hold, just because it is offensive to you does not mean that it is offensive to everyone.
another thing that could be, but not entirely, removed from library material could be books that express violent or criminal acts.
children everywhere are being influenced by books, magazines, movies, and even songs.
this is why i agree that computers do benefit society.
locating and researching, even going to different countries, even different continents is possible to do on the computer.
therefore computers must have a positive effect on people.
i looked in books days and find.
they can start believing that they are nothing.
first, just the fact that he was by himself kept his determination high.
he reflects, telling myself that of i could make it that far, id be ).
almost all the things and materials in this world are liked and disliked all based upon opinions.
one day, we were all sitting near the pool after the day’s session.
they give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people.
the author is showing the reader that even though they might not be family by blood, they still treat each other as if they were.
one is that people are not spending any time in nature!
for example the heat was a major issue the cyclist had to face.
when she is on she ignores everything around her.
a lot of things are offensive because of religion beliefs, but not everybody has the same religion or even a religion at all.
we pulled up to the library and he took off running to the doors.
weather they like it or not all books teach a lesson about life.
the other girl said.
a camel is a very useful animal.
well this is the end of my essay
i, for one agree with them.
more and more people and going out and buying guns and bombs because, of movies and what people say in books and in magazines.
for instance, the cyclist had trouble finding a place with water to drink.
so, consider liking computers.
they steal the user away from the outside word.
this suggest to me that she was probably home sick.
this makes kids unaware and curious to figure out the truth.
out of gas and you need to go to the library before it closes.
do what you think and feel is cool.
letting them grow up as innocent as possible.
give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people.
overall computers are that make life that much more stressful.
at the end of the essay winter hibiscus by ho, it ends in a positive manner.
i feel that those people that think computers do not benefit society, are right.
the answer should be simple.
they can change all they want, but in the end it still happened.
well as you see this are my three main reasons for keeping a computer in your house and using it in a good and productive way.
my friend spends way too much time on her computer and not enough outside.
if you needed to ask them a question about the homework they could answer it.
freedom of speech and expression are still not being excluded from that group who does not agree with such material.
finding the plant helped her, because it was already familiar to her.
shopping online creates a positive, less hectic life for many people around the world.
to open my statements, overuse the computer con lead to poor health.
i am sure that many people love using their computer for the same reason.
instead of using your time wisely and getting active outdoors, your'e inside your house on the computer playing games or chatting with your friends.
kids in spent an average of hours on the computer each day, while kids spend hours each day.
another part about censorship is where to draw the line on what is offensive enough to be censored.
we all wore nice party dresses.
in the united states, they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
i came to a ramshackle shed [and] several rusty pumps the sight was troubling.
this is what would happen if we censored everything.
there are many different programmes every day on television.
the cyclist almost unconscious then runs into the fishing store where he has a sip of water.
the author shares his feelings of love toward his parents in this memoir.
hostel life has its own charm.
there is a small garden in front of my house.
i will never forget how my parents turned the simple house into a home.
a problem with kids playing these games become addicted to them, and will play for hours.
it we did not have computers there would not be any technological advances that we have , one of the most important devices.
some parents say that that is a way to study and a waste of time.
some of the advantages you get from these online sites is that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family.
so you go to your computer from there.
if you get rid of movies from the library then people want be able to have a visual aid as there alternative way of learning.
it comforts me knowing everyone is happy.
put a stop to this right now!
kids spend too much time on computers.
the mood the author created in the memoir is united, caring, loving and more.
though peoples' opinions differ, each opinion is equally important to that certain person.
so keep reading and think what you hear that could or has happened to you.
and also the home bringing the family closer together.
strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational.
as mentioned before, if a book is too offensive for anyone not of adult audience, it should be placed in an adult section.
would this not get on your nerves?
that hurts your health and your relationship with your friend.
makes me frustrated.
he was extremely proud and grateful to his parents to teach him all these.
everyone grows up in a different lifestyle.
we all know that we all gain weight at some point in our life, and we can lose that weight.
to our whole life, we will have to interact and socialize with others.
people have rights to pick up a book if they want to or not.
the television shows are still being aired.
these are the kids that are likely to get bad cramps.
the hibiscus represents a comforting connection to her old country.
most of what we do today could not happen without computers.
kids are living through computers and we can change them.
the more our younger generation reads about these ugly things, the more curious they become.
lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family.
if every library took off the books each person complained about what the point in having the library?
all of that set a very happy backdrop for the family.
the reason i am writing to you today is to give you my point of view on the censorship in the worlds libraries today.
when the children are on the computer, they do not want to leave.
dear i think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody.
why not try to use the computer.
but would we allow the gays or divorced men and women to take the off of the shelves?
computers give the power for children to learn.
movie we watch today talk about doing drugs and how cool they are and how they had fun driving a stolen car.
get away from the computer and bond.
the trees attract rain bearing clouds and prevent soil erosion and conserve the earth.
he was all ways thirsty and rode his bike along ways and is no paint in ???
but he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers.
goat milk is expensive.
has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the times and the fall time.
all of these are factors found in our books and music we have today.
movies should stay in a movie store of at the movie theater.
that stood out to me because he really cared and was thankful for his parents.
they use their computers for work and games children use the computer to learn.
we can not try to please everyone, but it will never happen.
by reading this memoir one almost feels like they are at his house, surrounded by his friends and family.
they not like what they see but they think it is the truth and is very offensive to see the sexual, mental illness people have.
they say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to.
would you be offended by seeing something like that?
i believe books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
a ship may sink, if the crack, once noted by the crew is not immediately plugged.
in conclusion, i think that computers do have a good impact on people.
in most cases, no.
computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact.
dear i am writing this letter to inform you that i think computers are a smart investment for a couple of reasons.
dear local newspaper, name is .
so i think that it is a wast of paper.
take an author like for example.
this quote is showing that she is not going to quit and give up, but that she will try until she succeeds.
the mood created by the author in this memoir would probably be gratefulness.
you gotta admit, although you would like your kids to have freedom, all of them are responsible enough to handle .
computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves.
the new technology makes life easier to handle.
a world without books.
the water pumps were so old and unused for so long that the water was of very poor quality.
we should always respect them.
the last way the computer helps out the its with box from there.
it can also let you see disasters in other countries and teach you about the world.
to me music is something more to express your feelings.
some say it is a great idea, and others say everyone is entitled to their own ways of living.
my grandmothers computer got a virus off of a website that website was .
this is what we could do with books too and maybe there will not be as many problems with books.
would you learn better with a visual in front of you?
it was also very hilly which made the work even harder.
at school we use computers all the time.
that be true, but also remember what its doing for society.
this is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort.
for example, it is the desert and usually there is nothing there.
technology lets everyone explore new topics.
this is why computers have a very good effect on people.
different regions utilize different systems, but that of the , or the for the , compares relatively well in ranking video games to the rest of the globe.
in conclusion, i feel that computer are taking away most of the things that no one deserves to live without.
now she told my family and i that she was badly offended by what they were called and what they were about.
you can see nature is some thing children need.
if you keep it up now it not seem bad but hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes.
it would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible.
well i think not how would that make you feel.
in the end he was very relieved he found a fishing spot with a bathroom and fresh water.
it can help you connect within your own family more.
protecting your children from things that offend you, stop them from growing up badly.
an empty room.
the computer is the item that organizes it, for your entertainment.
censorship is one of them.
she should be strong and follow the flow of life.
the only water he could pump from the pump was scalding hot and tasted acidic.
i am also afraid to tell you that i have seen a censorship problem with our public libraries.
but i feel that we can find a balance between the two views.
find interesting and exiting.
my view opposes the open distribution of certain newspaper articles.
also, content that is inappropriate for children be fine for adults to read.
just keep in mind the dangers of the world and how it wants your money.
in some cases, such as in the classroom, your rights do end where mine begin.
the person checking the book out should make the final decision if they think the book they have selected is right for them.
you just sit there staring at a screen.
little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer.
our capacity to work increases.
or the libraries having books like that.
they do not have any worries.
in the results of them not reading anymore.
at the green house she was looking for a specific plant to buy, which reminded her of home.
an entire vacation can be planned, confirmed and paid for thanks to the computer.
i fear the out come of that.
how do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time.
this is ridiculous.
by sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture.
are coming in.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long.
in my opinion it is very disrespectful to the authors, and anybody else who was involved in writing those books.
the cyclist would appear to be closing in on something to drink, but be left with nothing.
my last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them.
the mood of this story was very comfortable and very, very loving.
computers are an amazing way to meat new pol online.
the second thing that came into play would be the hot weather which made dehydration come into play.
speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on.
if you are over the age of eighteen you should be able to pick and chose to what ever topic they want.
do you want to be overweight and not be in shape?
my opinion is that students should be able to choose what they want to read and if it is offensive to them they should stop reading the book.
in this , the author explains what it is to have a family and what it is and means.
dear to whom it concern, name is , and i feel computers are bad for society.
values and morals should be gained by reading, discovering and thinking, not forced upon us by our government or our parents.
i know they might not be the best reasons, but they are quite important to me.
that was the mood i felt created by the author in the memoir.
it is very difficult to have somewhere to go to read but there is nowhere to go.
an ideal citizen is a valuable asset to society.
mostly in these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life.
in conclusion, computers can cause a bad influence due to viruses, too much time on it, and not doing other things.
learning is a good thing for adults an children.
they asked him to make on thing after another.
the computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this.
this rich, vivid word choice sets a caring mood through out the piece.
is because of this that computers allow you to learn about other place.
computers are the thing we use today.
i came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier.
more and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones to get to the next level on ' wars.'
along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework.
even when chatting with friends online, the conversation is disjointed because attention is probably focused on another part of the internet.
computers maybe useful but they are over used.
we look different and see things different.
i feel movies should not be removed from the shelves.
when she says the test she means the ability to cope with the loss of her grandmother and homeland, and overcome it.
if the library does not have the kind of books you do not want your child to see then your child can not look at that book.
the mood in this memoir is caring and loving.
another feature would be the types of wild animals & scarceness of water around .
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
therefore we get fresh
if we censored all the books that offended people, we would live in a very uneducated world.
geese have to overcome the cold by flying south for the winter.
this story is giving thanks to his parents and his culture.
also, maybe publish some too, into the newspaper.
therefore i would not be driven to be a good student and a good person.
it all comes down to who reads the book or magazine, and who listens to the music.
the effects of what come are far worst than making it so an adult must reach a little high for the book they want to read.
in hot weather, the water bottles will turn warm and in sunlight, water could even evaporate.
thank you for your time.
computers have helped catch law enforcement for a little bit more than years.
i remember year i was doing a report about the .
so spam email comes.
so as i said before, part of society and should be.
there were a set of called the ',' which pretty much was a list of to treat as unfairly as possible.
these books and movies can contain graphic content or offensive language that any young child should not be hearing or seeing.
censorship would lead to just like in '.
computers have helped students and teachers.
teenagers should be aloud to watch kid movies and teen movies.
even later, the terrain changes and he sees a sign stating rough road ahead.
bright colours work on our moods and bring good vibrations.
families sometimes move far away from their families and friends, so they want to keep in contact.
many people might say we could all just write it out.
three, if your walking down the road and 'gotta go,' you can stop right in and leave.
first, computers has its benefits to society because it can teach or give you the social skills you need.
make sure that you talk to your child about what is right and wrong.
because of this, even the people who do not wish to view the movie are often forced to see images which they find disturbing.
you might think they have positive effect yes, but they damage your body.
do you have a computer?
in the memoir, the author creates the feeling that everyone in the neighborhood treated each other as family, though they were all struggling to get buy.
make the change today.
but then i see a person really enjoying their time at the library.
just think, without computers people would need to write every paper by hand and we all know that can take hours.
the cyclists expedition was hindered due to many obstacles.
you could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone.
who would decide what is offensive and not offensive?
staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his travel a lot harder.
i believe that agrees.
i saw my favorite actors on movie saying bad words, so i figured it was alright.
have you ever seen a child watch a scary movie that was ?
there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my baby sister.
you thought that way, you thought wrong!
he also writes about how he grew up, which is parents teaching him about music, cooking, and family.
so is censorship wrong?
the bad thing about computers are hackers and people that wont get off their computers.
so, please put the bad books, music, magazines, etc.
the cyclist was in a bad situation.
addition itself is a serious health issue.
the only way i would say remove them if it was really offensive such as racism and things like that.
this statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on.
in a survey, out people said they would do anything to save money.
they might not agree on the point of the book or certain viewpoints in the text.
well, if you send her pics, or video chat over the web, you can!
the features of the setting affect the cyclists attitude towards the old men.
those cost per year.
this making it near impossible for children to get there hands on the wrong books.
there are a few minor instances where computers have hurt people, but more instances where they have helped people.
would you let someone ban your favorite movie, just because it has mildly offensive materials in it?
then the cyclist could carry on.
imagine what it would be like if we had no news reporters, no paparazzi.
computers can also be addicting.
there was a night in called , when radical and supporters burned ' houses, stores, and even books.
the author uses this paragraph because it works perfectly as an end.
clouds appeared in the sky.
when you walk into your local library there are thousands of books, magazines, movies, etc.
this shows her love towards her mother and her care for the plant that represents her pastime.
thank you for considering my opinion.
clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child.
games are very fun, but they fry your brain.
having a good and positive attitude you should see the brighter side of things.
they are entertaining and fun too!
say growing up your favorite books were the .
parents can just let them play games and read on the computer.
there are many shops where shopkeepers sit inside with their
kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person.
others might feel the same way, and others not.
the world would be upside down without them.
the biggest issue he faces is the weather.
the communication is also great for businesses.
the final express of graciousness in the memoir is his feelings toward the passions his parents taught him.
government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world.
in the where eats the apple from the tree and that is why we sin.
opinions of some books and media type materials are biased.
i can talk to friends on my phone by texting and visit my grandparents.
a visit to a book-fair will give them an insight into the world of intellectual power.
without computers, being able to see their pictures and what they are up to would have never been possible.
it is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place.
the proves that the road could be slowing the cyclist also.
they eat lots of food.
with computers it makes going green more possible.
most authors are smarter then that, or at least i would hope so.
i am telling you we need to address this matter.
# thing we let them pick up and grab is video games .
the author concludes the story with the paragraph.
this affects the cyclist to think about water and not bothering to think about where he is at he could be lost.
but, there is also other reasons things that can be offense to others.
i remember when i was in middle school, i really wanted to read novels that i saw at the library.
being on the computer does no good for the body.
they can video chat, talk, look at peoples pitchers and keep updated with them on the computer.
children do not deserve the feeling of fear for that long of a time.
this also shows that she thinks with more time to get used to her new home that she will be able to pass the test.
he describes the feeling by saying that his trouble are now behind him.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist in, do not exceed posted speed limit.
just ask yourself do you want your kids getting bullied?
i believe that even if books, music, movies or magazines on the bookshelves are offense, they should still be left there.
you can even earn a college degree on the computer!
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it harder for him to pedal and complete his ride.
computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide.
() , things start to change hits changing terrain.
i can tell that he is inspired by them.
she runs very fast and wins.
the author was likely describing his happy .
finn finds that his father had died and hi was no more in danger.
the vast amount of movies made today should not even be a thought in someones mind but some are good and educational.
besides, if you want my honest opinion, computers should only be used as tools.
why do you think the obesity is so high these days?
i think this because yes, people do play the computer to much, but they can also learn a lot of things.
dear post, computers are an advance in technology, in a good way.
actually, was a very good book.
however, those same appalling concepts have become accepted if not an uncommon habit.
many kids nowadays have so much homework and spend on the internet.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile of my face.
most of these books are not trying too promote these things but they are just part of the story.
she has made some great songs for the past year and a half now.
these can be hazardous, and even deadly.
we should invest money in business only if we have experience in the business.
computers are changing the way everyday people live.
so obviously computers are environment friendly.
we should respect him.
some are small and some can be very big.
many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes helpless to stop it.
this shows that someone is hurt by what has happened, amplifying the story.
he is a useful servant.
another thing is those game websites.
no, no i do not.
you could do something quite like draw a nice picture.
the path of the cyclist suggested by some old men makes the heat even worse because there are no people or water in sight.
many books that people find as explicit content to them, not be to others.
people spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted.
by living in , one has the right to read or learn about whatever they please.
bye for now.
when he finds the bait shop hes relieved.
no houses, buildings or people which made him fell alone and life he was going to die.
last month our class teacher took us for a picnic.
as he passes a snake, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
in short, the setting of the story presents the main points of conflict to the author and thus was essential to the essay.
my final reason that computers are good for you is that they take boring waits.
the technology of computers to learn about the far away places.
at the age of .
everyone should have their own opinion and be able to choose what they like or what they listen to or watch.
these are my three reasons why computers are important to society.
parents should simply tell there kids to leave those types of materials alone and choose something else.
do i believe that certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
so then making it harder for him to go one.
it is a place filled with knowledge and information.
we can not talk to my family or friends.
some offensive things are part of and shows how things progressed from back then to now.
if there is something offensive about just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie up higher on the shelves.
you can also look for information on videos.
is different, and nobody has the right to tell them what exactly is right or wrong, up to a certain point.
this made the trip harder for him because now he was focused on finding water and not on his ride.
it is because they can give there child a better life.
cow comes next.
it carries the load and draws carts.
the parrot is a common bird in the bird kingdom.
we could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers.
though this is true, it certainly does not mean you can take that media away from those who enjoy it.
my first reason is talking online.
three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it.
this is censorship at a basic level, and it happens to millions of books, movies, and songs every day.
he admitted me to the first grade.
books are our best friends.
all the student would have to do is type in a few words on the internet and hundreds of websites pop about any topic he wants to learn.
the author of this memoir presented a kind of grateful and cheerful mood.
they are the then now and later of the technical world.
maybe that will give some education.
the setting basically made the story.
computers learning by let vast of information being available.
if we do something without thinking about its outcomes, it can harm us.
if they believe the material is too mature for their child, they could restrict them.
i think so and this is why i believe that computers are a more positive effect than a negative effect on people.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
quickly became addicted to (computer game) and began to cut down on her exercising routines.
, computers offer many learning opportunities.
this gave me a sense of how in times of struggle, people will come together and help each other push through.
writing so you can hear me out on what i have to say and persuasive you on this essay.
most libraries are organized into sections for children, young adults, and adults.
go to a social website and strike up a conversation.
we need to have faith in our kids that they will do what right.
many people had come to see off their relatives and friends.
as he began to approach the desert, he noticed he was running low on water.
so, i would say that spending less time on the computer would be beneficial to our community.
lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer.
if you are trying to get work done or learn and there are distracting items on the shelves then it make things more difficult.
people are offended by many things every day in life.
i try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance.
also you can get information on places you will visit.
everyone goes through life with different things they have to learn at different rates.
in many school libraries certain books, music, movies, and magazines have been removed because of the content in them.
when this person comes across this piece of literature, all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on.
to value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen.
back to my experience with the books, you read stories that are based off of her life and relationship with her daughter.
certain points in history are not something that everyone can be proud of.
all throughout the world there are libraries.
maybe a bad break up causes someone to make a song.
i believe it should be a persons choice to read something or not and if they find it offensive, they should simply put it down.
they are all somehow offensive to certain people, but not to all.
for example, i would not want my little brother reading books because some chapters contain a sex scene.
if they limit the selling of these items to minors, these children will not have as many crimes all together.
the authors wording was very well done.
one reason is that she is trying to overcome change and wants to make the situation better.
we are not taking the time for exercise, and human interacting, all of which are to our health.
there was no one insight not a building, car, or any structure of any kind (.).
as i was going through last weeks newspapers, i saw an ad to write an article about either the negative or positive factors about computers.
this showed us that different people can take offense to different things because of their heritage.
she was basically saying in a while when things change again she believes that her performance could change as well.
in my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people.
there were shops of bangles, ready-made garments, toys, and sweets.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
the second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home.
people who put there time to writing all of there thought and ideas in that should not be just thrown off the shelf.
why go out to dinner when you can order it online?
features we find in many railway stations.
when students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library.
history is filled with moments both glorious and inglorious.
interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture.
one solution to the problem could be that we start rating books and magazines like we do for movies.
that one should never give up.
the is a public place that allows people to read what they want.
a whopping amount of use the computer for work.
people spend lots of time in the library for many different things and that will never change.
i also feel that he is a very happy man for the rest of the memoir.
you would forget to at least go for a jog, discover new thing.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology.
what is your opinion on reading materials?
sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there.
there are various cycle sports at national and international level.
she missed being home so much because nothing was the same.
to conclude, computers greatly benefit us and are good.
this is affecting the cyclist because hes becoming hot and has a low supply of water.
how would i get along with these students?
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
i read about the delicious food and rich culture.
i have seen some parents who do not really care what their children buy, and i have also seen parents go the other way.
however people not agree with me, but what if your child was in dangerous.
also in the text, when, over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view, hope was replenished into the cyclist.
in take home and watch.
how much hurt can someone take from a book, popular music, a movie, or even a magazine, etc.?
computers allow this.
they treat them because they believe that
if it where up to me i would take some of the really bad books, music, movies, and magazines out.
if this literature was taken out, children think that things have always been the way they are as they see it.
a young man-knight without armour-offered me his seat near the exit.
all of these things are working against the energy that the cyclist has.
we all hope that one day our children will not pick up a book or a magazine their not suppose to read.
where would be without computers to find information rapidly?
you can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working.
how would they complete their work?
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
i do believe there are stories written that are not appropriate.
the computer also helps out with adults and their jobs.
please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.
i do not agree with that because say you have family in a different town, city, or state.
later, these children will be able to chose for themselves they think is acceptable, and the censorship can end.
she took me in her arms and held me tight.
in my letter going to tell the bad stuff about computer and why there not good for society.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by unexpected things happening.
dear local newspaper, i am going to write to you about if i think computers are a good idea or not.
not everyone thinks people should be able to have their own images and visions; however, that is what makes our world so individualized.
when the number became more, they had started collectiong donations.
i have reasons.
some of the books in libraries have subjects like sex and drugs in them.
bottom line is that you have free will and you have to power to choose weather or not you want to read something
as an individual and what books i have read, i believe some books needs to be taken off the shelf.
have you ever seen or heard of a movie that was educational yet offensive?
you can go on the computer and chat with friends but not all the time.
not two miles up the road the terrain changed.
is this really what you want?
i think everything should be there.
nobody needs to be reading those kind of books, it is bad for our minds and is very offensive to some people.
also if we are so concerned as to what our children are seeing then that is where the parent would have to step in.
censorship is wrong, our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another.
if books are censored some people never even get a chance to see those books and they wont be able to learn from them.
computers show these advances greatly.
and there is an application that lets you paint pictures or draw pictures.
also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills.
this would cause him to become exhausted more quickly than he would on flat land.
how would you feel if you wrote a story about your life, and someone found it offensive, so the took the book off of the shelves?
the music some one could listen is also very bad, and your child could listen to that.
so computers have a positive effect on people.
if you ask me its stupid.
in reading these books i see that there is no glamour in doing drugs or getting in trouble with the law.
lastly, health issues are raising rapidly!
i only get to see her once or twice a year in person.
communicating via computer is just another reason why the computer is so important.
he plays different games with me and also helps me with my homework.
of the people who work at public businesses do this, going along with ads, when could also or another reason for this.
this is reality and there is nothing that we can do about it.
i believe the author chooses to end the story wit this paragraph because it symbolizes closure.
i believe that the hibiscus and the drivers test are relevant like the blooming of a flower.
but even though this could happen what type of free, run by the people for the people, group are we now.
i was going to die he says.
what he was saying was he was grateful to his parents for what they did for him so that makes me feel thankful for my parents.
so, the cyclist was happy and strong.
your sight is very important to living.
some like offensive things that they have in the library.
if you could please take the information i have given you and think about it, it would be greatly appreciated
if you cut the blood flow, bad things are bound to happen after that.
things such as sports, nature, riding a bike and many other activities are missed out because of being on a computer all day.
we should have milk every day.
i could be sitting in a chair at my home in , and be having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean!
a doctor is a great friend of the sick.
just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could.
computers have a massive affect on some peoples life.
they would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard.
firstly, computers are greatly changing the way people communicate.
i know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair.
experiencing all of that sadness again will only make her stronger.
your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on.
there were also rope-dancers and magicians.
yes, the computer has all different kinds of bad stuff and good stuff.
do you want your child to learn?
and when many whites started to find out they begin to question the young man about how he dress and why.
that puts him in more despair, because he could get hurt by a wild animal, or run out of water with no place to go get more !
he was scared that because of his idea to believe the old men he might possibly die.
personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque, inappropriate movies set out in broad daylight where everyone can look at them.
the conclusion sentence of winter hibiscus is one of realization of opportunity with spring beginning.
i enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone.
as i was reading, i began to have a deep hatred of the main character.
the cyclist was sure he was going to die from dehydration or a heatstroke that this terrible ride had caused.
also is an easy and effective way booking where the tourist shall stay.
during my freshman year we read a book called ' ' and before we read it our teacher told us a little bit about what it is about.
humans especially children, need exercise.
then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were.
the cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer.
computers help people in many ways.
their are many mood set by the author of this memoir.
to bring magic in you include carrot, onions, garlic and plenty of leafy vegetables in your diet.
its practically the same as using a disguise.
that is what i believe in
maybe if parents would watch there kids they would mind better than what they do.
if we went to travel by train we have to buy tickets.
both the rich and poor students live in hostels.
the author of this memoir gave the memoir a peaceful mood.
there are millions of people that play games on the computer.
that about sums that up.
i do not think that i would have that type of experience if these books were removed.
if its about adult relationships and the child takes it, then the parent should explain it all and tell them what is going on.
from things such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
it is something to do when you are sitting at home and also when you are in the classroom.
also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate.
people are so caught up with computers, their desire for starts to fall.
the most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should get in the way of that.
i think the mood the author is trying to give is thankful, and satisfied, and that he is loved.
personal and meaningful conversations sometimes be.
the fact that he is traveling through desert terrain also helps us realize that water is scarce.
it was very quiet.
no, i do not believe that books,music, and etc.
by warmth, she meant that you were always surrounded by loved ones.
by censoring what products are published and put in public takes away that right.
we should try to inspire our young children to do whats right and not try to convince them to do anything in a negative way.
i am one of those thinkers.
i would solve the difficulties of the teachers and students if i were the principal of my school.
just because it is offensive to some, others want to read the book too.
some music might not be the best choice for a young child.
in conclusion the setting causes the cyclist to become tired, hot, and thirsty, which affects his entire journey.
a man tells many lies and tries to prove that he following the path of truth.
some people get obese by doing this.
i felt especially warm inside when he talked of his fond memories with friends.
the computer is a great source of entertainment.
some effects that computers have on people are a lot.
another astounding development in computer technology is that you can talk to other, no matter where their location is.
flowers were blooming.
the flower also represents adapting to a new place.
one feature is that it is getting hotter and it will eventually effect him.
do you ever have time to read?
childhood is really the golden period of one’s life.
upon finding a book that is offensive, the reader then can make that decision, and not read the book.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is the main idea of the story.
we need to let people express how they feel.
as you can clearly see, computers are used all around the world for many different reasons.
in many schools students ask their friend a question about homework.
it also serves as a great place to exercise.
but try this: think of a book that changed your life for the better, and then imagine if you had been denied access to reading it.
you are always thinking about just that and no other things in life.
the last bad thing is that you never want to spend time wit your family.
in the last paragraph when she vows that she will take that test again it gives you a sense that everything will be okay.
experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends.
the cyclist portrayed this barrenness by saying it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
for example , say you have a research project and you need to look someone up, you go on the computer and you got him.
only because they are not the only people on the planet.
i hope you take them into consideration.
it makes us creative.
books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive does not offend other people.
teens also find it easier to bully other children via the internet or social networks.
i already know the answer.
my initial reason why i agree is because most kids never spend time with their families.
i remember when i was doing a project on , of music.
lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends.
in my opinion, i do believe that computers are good for you.
computers definitely have a positive impact on society.
on the computer, you can chat with people everywhere.
but to much is not good.
hours sitting at the computer replaces healthy exercise are all spending our lives on the computer, and sitting and clicking is not exercise.
the boy was crying and was very scared but was safe.
that is my only ambition.
you have to think of others, and respect their view of it all as well.
in we practice freedom of speech.
when he begins to see a building, he becomes hopeful and determined.
there are brown patches on its body.
most people would be offended and complain.
should not be taken off of the shelves of libraries.
dear trained reader, !
pull the lever to quickly and the crane can go sharply in the wrong direction causing it to tip over.
and thank you for having time to read this.
and why waste time on the computer.
i think the overall mood created by the author, is comfort.
in history because he killed people.
little children go to the library looking for books and etc.
the third and last demonstration of the mood is how the parents took what they could get and made their house, into a home.
she used to pick it with her grandmother and put it in her hair.
finally, you can order stuff online instead of wasting gas and going to the store and the things you might order you can play with outside.
maybe a library will come across my article and do what i have said.
also they have fun games and websites which is always a plus.
in addition just going outside can do more.
writing is a way to express yourself.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because he was really thirsty and then the dry air with no town nearby made it even worse.
lets us talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night.
the author creates a grateful mood.
the features of the surrounding landscape affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
it has four wheels and two doors.
i would well-equip the laboratories.
he thinks the heat will kill him.
there are websites that have math games and school related things.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist is many different ways.
have you become a better person for doing so?
it also says how the smell of the food would fill the house.
first of all people spend to much time on the computer.
your should be or older to take them out of the libraries or stores if they are really that bad.
the argument continued.
overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it.
the library is a public place.
you can go on the internet and find out how they live there.
for one its more respectful and for two everyone can have their own thought about something.
if we do not have technology then we can not call no one.
also, people can find fun in many other ways not involving a computer.
computers help people talk with people.
there are really three main reasons.
magazines have certain articles that are racist and certain articles that are very offensive to certain religions.
that makes things worse as not only are they not getting exercise, but now they are gaining weight as well as not losing any.
in my opinion, censorship in libraries, whether by government, or other civilians, should be allowed.
the world is not a safe place, its scary and mean to the people.
computers can be good or bad.
i understand that children have to be exposed to some things in life.
the made the mood in this memoir a nice feeling story and a motivating story.
the only time that this cyclist found water was when it and tasting of battery acid.
features of the setting could affect the cyclist.
all we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen.
throughout the memoir.
but you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you.
also of adults staying is good.
this leads to my finally topic.
it just on how you view it.
parents also make the effort to censor what their kids read, watch, and listen to as a way of keeping them innocent.
sometimes it is harder to ignore.
when someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
right now, children can read this information at any time.
i see it more better to have offensive items such as: books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library.
the cyclist is very discouraged by the dry and hot settings around him.
it warns us about, natural disaster.
that is why i say that how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
the back up lights come on and we all go to the lobby area.
my second point is that people have the choice to read or watch the movie.
broadly speaking beggars are of two types-able bodies and disabled.
that is why it was smart to end the story like they ended it.
if you wanted to you could ask math questions as well, such as what is the square root of pi, and what is .
without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far.
when the hibiscus has blossomed, her world will be open and a new life will be waiting to begin.
we should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun!
with this power over them, the people are weakened and often abused.
for example, why would a person buy an object that does not seem appealing to them?
additionally, many things that are found offensive to one person can make something more interesting to someone else.
you can even go to school online, but as i was saying you can learn about anything.
inside our body, there are many systems.
elephants eat fruits, shrubs and grass.
of people agree that computers make life less complicated.
young minds acquire knowledge and wisdom by reading great books.
everyone can go for that goal!
i believe there should be a national rating system for books like there is in the movie industry.
knowing this, how could anyone truly believe that it would be smart to stop including new books that would entice new patrons?
now most people would think that it was only a storm, but the people in town who did not like the books blamed it on the party.
eventually, everyone sees or hears offensive things.
but the parents did make it to the united states.
not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another.
you have a project for school and you need the right information.
it is very hard to cycle on bumpy dry land.
i do not have to be on computer websites like and here is why.
these facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world.
students achieve their goal of education and discipline in a hostel.
they increase responsibility by giving you many choices.
but it seemed that she realized how the plant was able to bud to the odds and survive.
censorship in general is wrong.
just like that, their message is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy.
many children are growing up without mom or dad.
no one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer.
our labs are well equipped.
you can swim in the beach, feel the amazing breeze, and have a good time.
in places like the fort railway station a large television
some company joined to make one together.
if your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it.
he understands that they only left for his benefit, and he appreciates that.
will be the ones and all that important stuff.
think about your interest in music, art, and the style of books or magazines that you read.
plus, it would help the kid in deciding on what to read.
for example, he describes his parents hardships here in the not with pity for them but with pride.
what about your health?
when you start to censor what information is available to certain people, they get angry, and it can cause an uproar of protest.
censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not have it decided for them.
everyone has the same rights to read any book they want.
it has hundreds of books.
he is a very good man.
that one book could stimulate this white mans thoughts and he could try to put his thoughts into action.
then their on the internet out doing their job.
without them, would make a difference.
computers are making this happen.
i am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
computers have something to them where somehow the become addictive.
this could help you lead competition, thus, making you more money.
you can snap and it will feel a lot worse than it actually is.
is an old family friend of mine.
after the train ride, we sat in a restaurant and had our lunch.
the plant related to her by the memories of her homeland and when she failed that test she felt very depressed and sad.
and gets there in less then a minute.
however, when those in power use censorship to attack ideas they disagree with, it becomes a form of oppression.
parents have to make sure that nothing horrific happens such seeing something that a toddler or a teenager is not supposed to see.
this right should never be taken away from us
there was an announcement.
well there you have it computers are good & bad we just have to be .
one reason is you can book places that you want to go or the sights you want to see.
who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is through letters or the phone?
they hit the ball hard from their side to the side of the rivals.
the passing of the information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the game telephone.
they let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly.
it was her decision to keep reading it.
no one likes boring people, and how can you be boring with such a wide imagination?
exercise is probably are one of the most important thing to live along and healthy life.
in this world you never know what someone might writing.
so if someone were to remove that material, the person that needs or wants it, would not have the access to use it.
music used to be a beautiful form of art, but now when you turn on your radio, do you hear?
once again i do not think that offensive materials should be removed from our libraries only censored to the people of whom it is offensive
because of this, he ends up lose and acne.
only can change a heart.
the hibiscus does these actions by coming out of its buds and blooming.
my first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it can be educational.
libraries should not censor the materials they display
if mother has casual leave, then she waits.
then at libraries there are also those books and magazines.
i agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children.
music can talk about stuff that that person done, and make that child want to do it because they might think its cool cause the artist does it.
there was a great rush at the stop.
people call these buildings libraries.
computers can basically be called a gateway to learning.
censorship actively and violently violates that right.
it is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer.
there are predator all over the internet and can pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live.
the experts say that people are spending less time with there friends and family then on the computer.
dear local newspaper, i heard what you were saying about if computers are a good or bad thing.
if all these books were to be taken off the shelves then nobody would be learning about any of this.
they never go for a jog or eat healthy foods.
because they help people learn about faraway places.
and it is wrong and inhuman
if you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged.
for the matter of protecting children against something they should not read yet is simple.
she takes us to school and brings back from the school.
the train arrived.
but really everything you would like to know is right there.
he said that he is also grateful to his parents for their love and sacrifice.
being obese is terrible for your health.
and they can teach us new things.
if you do that for week you will be very tired and sleepy.
this proves that no matter who or what you follow there is always a possibility of death from any circumstances.
such as friends, family, and nature.
not only but everywhere!
for example, in the story it says but its strong enough to make it through the cold months.
so, fellow citizens, leap off that desk chair, shut off your electronic devices, and jump back into the real world.
this could be a very bad influence.
she walks by a store and recognize a plant from her home.
the only thing she knew of was a flower that grew wild where she lived.
i disagree with this act, and i would like to tell you why i do.
the first example show that she was sad that she fail the test.
in this story, they mention her helping her mother in the garden.
sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it.
it has two wheels.
when it is hot and humid out i cant play as long.
there is bound to be someone that wants a certain thing to be censored, but the government not see it a something to be censored.
he then goes to the fields.
take all of that into consideration.
there are several problems and risks that come with a computer.
you can do many things on them such as play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world.
things like this although can be very offensive maybe to some people should be viewed because it can teach.
it all comes down to what do you allow your children to read, watch and listen?
even though there are books not written for all ages they are still deserving of a reader.
then you look at the time and its an hour later?
its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country.
computer save great tools for moving ahead and we should cheer, as them, not trash them.
if you are working on a project that requires pictures, can have the photos you need.
this censorship will only cause future issues.
mother, whenever plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it.
keep these things separate: adult books, magazine, movies, music, etc.
if you want to go on vacation you can get your hotel tickets even your plane train, or boat ticket online.
the only on that this has happened to out of people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this.
because that first town had looked like nobody has been in it for years.
well his mission was accomplished.
i think if people find books offensive they should not even read that book to begin with.
one way he shows he is grateful is by telling the readers how his parents sacrificed themselves to give him a better life.
since she is going to take the test again she wants to help her mother.
lastly, computers have a positive effect on people.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he thinks after a nice afternoon in a nice campground a shortcut to his next destination would be very nice.
you can also buy thing off the computer.
there is a simple answer to this question.
it is only when people begin to abuse their power and censor materials that should not be censored that problems arise.
libraries should just contain what they were made for: encyclopedias, dictionaries, books, and other books that can provide useful information to people.
like almost everything out there, the internet could be used for good, or for harm.
they have the right and freedom to not pay any attention to it.
the final paragraph gives hope that she will take the test again and it will all be okay.
today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that, censorship.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
i know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you get through a week without using one computer?
this story shows the love they have for each other and that even though they might go through some hard times.
i helps you speak correctly and clear.
well i agree with them.
once he reached the final place it was a more occupied setting.
movies would get too boring to watch and many things in society would fall apart.
where would we be without a computer to help?
its all about how you look at books, movies, music, etc.
finally, i just want to say that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself.
what one man considers offensive another man considers to be life changing.
especially if it is by their favorite artist.
people should be shown respect and allowed to have some privacy in there life.
people us technology for they jobs like people that work for cars they need computers to see if the cars if old.
(paragraph ) despite the overt racism at the time, this community still came together and were there for each other no matter what.
day was in the library with the rest his class, assigned to researching his topic in a book.
do you think computers have a negative effect on people?
it is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away.
if everything we read was censored, there would be nothing to read.
our libraries would be emptied, the classrooms would not have books, and the stores would not have anything.
if there is something on the shelf, someone can find something offensive in it.
)offensive material will be out in the world.
she is usually extremely bored, so, she goes on the computer and plays games, and talk with friends.
i think people under twenty should not be aloud to check out movies or music.
the man is badly dehydrated, but in his determination he moves on.
one of the main things that computers provide is research information.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
he always tells his parents of how proud he is of them, and mentions how their basically an .
he was dehydrated and could barely navigate around the dangerous snake.
it is one of the wonders of the world.
the people start yelling because they did not find it offending.
i think that offensive books and music and media should not be taken off of the shelves.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because there was a lot of detours and distractions where the cyclist rode.
individuals can talk with friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room.
he was riding along on a route he had little confidence would end up anywhere.
experts, you do not need to worry.
he arranges the letters in order.
it can help people drives it decreases reaction time and it can help people write more neatly.
not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker.
on the other hand, i am not saying that we should be lining shelves with magazines either.
then they began their investigation.
otherwise, a demolished love of reading, crushed individuality, and separated population be born.
sensing their pitiable condition, the neighbours used to help them, by turns.
in the memoir, the author creates a sort of grateful, appreciative mood.
are of children who are addicted to computers.
kids can learn so much worse things from something at the library by just setting at home.
dear editor, i hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good.
if you want to get homework done and you have a computer, it gets you off topic.
this skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field.
lastly, family parties and computers do not mix.
if they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run.
is it that important?
does that really mean we should get rid of them though?
i think there should be no censorship, it for the parents to decide what children can an cannot watch.
adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal.
these are the ways that the author shows the mood in the memoir.
though it was an accident it still happened and it can be prevented and it should be prevented for the sake of the children.
hope saved his life because if he knew he could not continue that he could die.
if the reading materials are already in the classroom they should not be removed.
honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books.
the next thing that computers restrict us in is our ability to experience nature.
if this continues, it lead so far, that the libraries would have to be closed.
along with the internet, there are programs such as , and , which help people to learn a new language, or write on the computer.
lastly you can talk and video chat.
while on this wonderful adventure of learning you even get yourself into a vacation adventure.
dear newspaper, you see, owning a computer can effect you.
many people also speed up their word by using the computer.
as you can see, computer have a negative affect on people.
because the setting was a hot, deserted, desert it had a very negative effect on the cyclist.
it not seem like harmful material at first glance, but your opinion change when your customers come back angry and frustrated about what they read and saw.
after some time a team of traffic police came.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
do you want to decide for yourself or have some one with you every step of the way.
about four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers.
last example, is you can always learn something everyday from your computer, like news, weather etc.
dear , life without computers.
have you ever read the book the ?
most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe.
i think the use of computers in our town are very good for society.
computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world.
therefore history is taught in schools so that the bad events that occurred in history can be prevented.
if so, how did you go about the situation and what did you want done about it?
some other books, though, are meant for educational use and not meant to offend anyone.
then he cycled along the desert which was very hot.
i believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society.
i think that censorship in libraries and book stores is a good thing.
it would become a new fad and people would find a problem with just about anything.
as you can see, coordination is essential to sports.
although many believe that using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized.
she bought a hibiscus that she saw in her homeland a lot, and that flower comfort and affection.
dear the newspaper, in front of a after .
furthermore, of parents agree with experts that spend way too much time on the computer but less time with friends.
the cyclist has made it.
another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created.
all these features were working against him until he finally made it to a bait store.
sometimes i wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second.
if you will please continue on i would like to share with you my thoughts.
computers help us look information, talk to people around the world, and buy stuff from our house.
but computers are spending to many times on their computers.
everyone who goes to a library should have everything to there needs.
that could make the kid think he could do that and he could get him self in to big trouble.
the trip would not have been as dangerous for the cyclist if the climate was different.
first of all, being on the computer too much is not healthy.
our teacher also played with us.
also you can buy league or .
by just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side.
can create an interest in other cultures, and shape our opinions discover things about other places.
they have freedom of speech, and we have a right to know.
relationships with others online is never real.
dear post, i have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives.
the magazine , for example, has articles that are to bawdy for students to read.
the most reliable source would be from a book.
computers are being made with webcams, or you can simply buy a detached one.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show she has hope.
parents i believe that certain materials should not be shown.
one of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you.
eventually he came to a fishing camp and found water in the sink of the bathroom.
from our libraries due to many reasons.
in twenty miles he saw camp ??
my musical tastes branched out into a variety of different genres.
these are three reasons why i think computers are a good thing.
i think the author used what she remembers about her country and what she now knows of the new country and puts them together.
each book in a library bears its own relation to each person that enters that library.
lastly you are able to find lots of information quickly and easily.
also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes.
if anything it will take away happiness in the world.
so when she goes to take the test it will be a year.
it is okay to be on a computer for twenty minutes, to a half an hour.
i go on the computer to to my friends and check email and stuff and then i go outside to play.
there is no water anywhere and dangerous, highly venomous creatures are abundant.
i was reading this book call my hood.
computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication.
this opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable.
if you are a place of business you should not want things like that on your shelf.
i believe people should not be able to censor books.
but there so key in major aspects today, the pros out weigh the cons.
censorship was originally started during the ' ' in with the .
being home on the computer does not let you enjoy nature.
everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it.
many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories.
so at the end of the story she said i will take that test again.
the heart of their home is the kitchen because they all love to cook.
imagine a library without any materials that are considered offensive.
these items gave the cyclist a feeling of doubts.
there are many things in a library that, if not careful, could corrupt your children.
then everyone will know the answer.
if they were each given the right to remove the book that offended them, what would be left to read?
for example, when i play games in the computer hand are the ones doing every thing for me.
the computers bring people together.
in addition, it can help people or students be please consider this in our newspaper.
but that book helps people realize how much pain that slavery put on people.
and all those websites can help .
let the parents set the limit for their children and it makes life simpler.
the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm.
we would have to hand write those books and hand sew our clothes.
the materials children see and hear is up to parents.
so this heat will eventually heat up the earth.
all through the day, he works with his students.
movies too, if somebody wants that kind of material they need to go else where to find it.
because of the heat he was drinking his water regularly to stay hydrated.
it was a big red vehicle.
just to help out.
computers are used for getting messages to different people in the.
i have read many books that are both offensive in ways and other books about knowledge and intelligence and their is no difference.
another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take a way.
it really make miss out on half of their day.
do you still support these computers!?
to show what kind of person she is and she not going to just give up just because she failed the first time.
a place where people live and get shelter is a house, there are two kinds of houses.
she failed the test but she got the hibiscus and it helped her to restore her resolve to pass the test.
it lead him through more barren lands.
the author concludes with this paragraph because the hibiscus brings her comfort from home and confidence.
jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in minuets for less using the computer.
and these setting could be easily formed in the middle part of the essay.
this last paragraph afters a sudden happy ending to a rather sad story, but gives the reader role knowing the mom character is confident enough to try again.
now on to more about why.
the author also gives the feeling of hope that they one day will return home.
although technology is progressing computers are only the basics.
what the children read is only up to two people: the child and the parent.
libraries should remove certain materials from the shelves.
she missed every ball thrown to her.
i think this because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool with school work, or work purposes.
typing is a big part of your life.
the child learn something new from the book.
and see nature its beauty?
this shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else.
censoring will only make them want to read less, and play on the computer more.
features of the setting affect the cyclists moods in many ways.
other people work online.
this could effect peoples education and reading skills.
in order to make that happen we need find a place for these materials or not have them at all.
overall, i think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them.
the right to choose what book they read is one that should not be taken.
its amazing you can be anywhere, talking to anyone you want.
and hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society.
the first mood created by the author in the memoir was powerful.
you never know.
to do assignments for a job or school.
i have aunts that i cannot live without who are strong base who i cant live without talking to for a day.
if a book, song, or video is offensive then the parents should take that up with their children.
dear newspaper i think that there are many reason why computers are good for people.
farmers use many machines in agriculture.
taking books off shelves is pretty much just sheltering people, mostly kids, from information that would benefit them no matter in what way.
students of all classes visit the library as per schedule.
the first one is that there a lot of violence and debauchery in tv films, even in cartoons.
third, parents should monitor their children when they go to public places anyways.
people might not get what certain materials want you to do, but they get offended and tell someone about it.
this statement might affect the cyclist in the way that, they fear if they get into any trouble there is no one around to help out.
this shows that the features at the setting made him feel hopeless.
no matter what your opinion on issue is, there will always be someone who opposes of it.
there a long line, so i just got online picked what i wanted and had it shipped to me unless then hours!
if music is played in the library that others do find offended then in my opinion yes they should and can speak up for their rights.
see, they do have a positive effect.
experts are awed that over the years, computers have helped billions of people get jobs done foster and smoother than ever before.
it can be used for personal use, such as for talking to friends.
granted, some people read very incriminating books that could get them in a lot of trouble, but not everyone should be punished for another persons mistake.
books that are found offensive are really bad for you to read.
my mother asked me to get up and prepare for school.
i have to say that i agree with them.
the internet is where most of this takes place though.
r is for restricted to people under seventeen (without an adult present) , is for people of the ages sixteen and under without an adult.
everyone gets bored.
why not it?
these materials do not have to be removed completely.
this shows the old man could be wrong and places can change.
the is all people use to write on their paper, and doodle on the back round.
and i know other people like to do that too.
it shows love and respect to the guests and welcomes visitors.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
and it beats playing on the computer all the time.
this climate decreased the rate of travel the cyclist intended to exert.
he also is very grateful for his parents sacrifice to give the life he has.
that is no fair crop in my right mind.
well, we must make sure that this is a great opportunity to ensure our future .
i can just visit a whole bunch of educational websites on things i have learned in school or wanted to learn.
i asked, ' happened?'
this last paragraph suggests that the tone is now hopeful.
it is true that with technology that libraries eventually become extinct.
i would hate to live like that, and i hate to live like that, and i know my peers would agree.
that is just too much.
there are o lot of people in the world after all.
offensive material can also grief.
this line also describes the mood as very calm and loving because he is extremely grateful for the life his parents gave him.
everybody has their own ideas on a library and if they want their voices heard let them speak it out.
i believe kids should have the right to stay on the computer as long as they desire.
first of all, if a person is eighteen they should have a right to read whatever books they chose because they are grown adults.
i have never had the interest of hearing it again, as i felt that the story is not politically correct.
different, right?
first off, people have an option of looking at those things on the shelves or on the internet.
we can interact with each other.
it also has its own images if you need a picture for your project you need.
the first girl answered, ' sends the wrong message.'
she had a shake her head to make sure what she was seeing in one part of the story.
like, foreign places or movies.
just recently i read the book .
do not go to a place that provides something that is not your age group, instead go to the place that looks like you belong.
then i was able to check a book out.
you will probably end up reading the books that you are not supposed to anyway when you get older.
you can have fun with your family by playing games.
if you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them?
using the computer is good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact wild people that so easy to talk to.
well guess what they do of all, movies that have stuff to deal with sexual relationships.
i saw a young kangaroo in his mother’s skin pouch.
if we gave people the right to decide what was held in libraries.
not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world.
everyone has different views, likes, interest, wants and needs.
for example, in everyone eats seafood.
millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day!
it is part of what is great about this country.
how would you feel if that freedom was taken away from you?
yea has a but to tell you the truth everybody has there own opinion.
computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them.
this novel is about a world where all books are burnt.
well the children will learn from those video games and movies.
they stand for these values, but at the same time respect that other people have the right to believe differently than they do.
do you want students all ages to participate in researching on the machine they favor most?
they explained to the reader how really important family is and how thankful the author is for his family and all the life lessons they have taught him.
ever since then, many people have had a better life.
she lived in a close community were helping hand was always there if needed.
although, there are still many racist comments, articles, and films published today.
he sees everything as the old men told him.
everyone knows computers addictive.
i think by her being remind of her homeland would help her take the test easier because she will be more happy.
the cyclist had to pay full attention to the road or else the cyclist could have been seriously injured.
i got up end did it too.
many people been buying them at or .
whatever the case maybe they should feel comfortable in the place they are at.
also, they have enable us to create a age in research.
are we going to take those books out to.
a recent polls shows that that average person from ages spreads over two hours on the computer each day!
the peahen is not for beautiful and her feathers are brown.
the road that author was ridding, it was rough.
if you read them it could make you feel worse or make you mad.
unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them, children should not read them at all.
he is every inch a gentle man.
this through everything off, and he was left with despair.
he had lack of water, and the water he did have tasted like battery acid.
the road is long and filled with obstacles and the cyclist has hardly any water to sip.
i am waiting for the little young ones to come.
there are many online websites that help students discover and process different areas around the world.
articles about views on the death penalty.
then there is the man much torture.
my creative gears are forever turning.
parents do not want their children to look at this and get the wrong idea.
people who stay on computers day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love.
the next mood conveyed by the author is gratitude and admiration for his parents.
it varies through the people and what type of material they would like to read.
thirdly, they are a great source of entertainment.
this tells how the narrator is thankful.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and kind for many reasons.
do you notice a lot of kids these days want to.
well i think they should not be sitting on their damage their eyes.
level ratings help the parents know what the kids are getting into.
the computer has a lot to do with that.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
these are all reasons for those book to be ban from libraries or at least glued to the shelves.
there are also many books on the , some people find that offensive, or not want their kids reading about that, but that is history.
this has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that it is lave.
i also agree with , she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer.
i have read a book that contains sex and drugs.
dear local newspaper, the years computers has been a great invention.
computers make it easy to communicate.
there once was a young girl, fourteen or fifteen, who loved to read and listen to music.
he joins us in games.
how cool is that reading this letter and sharing it to your company i believe that you should support my cause.
you can save anything on a computer.
the rider knows that his out look drastically changed depending on setting through his journey
how the setting has got on to him, and he needs water badly.
for this he was satisfied and grateful to the owner.
sure and a lot of others love their computers.
so think, are computers really harmful?
people tell me what they believe to be right, and i do not agree with them.
do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning.
not every person in this world has the same opinion.
third of all.
some were discussing politics.
the girl is upset that she failed the test but still has hope for what will happen next.
being able to talk with people online is a really great thing.
if all books were rated like movies, we would know just what were buying or checking out.
these people are not alone.
according to a survey done by the only of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week.
people will just play and play all day long.
rated is want they our now letting children watch ,and buy .
but she believed she could overcome the situation and life was full of hope.
can you even imagine how difficult life would be without computers?
why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world.
the cyclist eventually starts to lose water and his determination is tested as he struggles to get to the next town.
it satisfies my personal needs of exercising.
people might get offended and stop going to the library.
why would they take anything off the shelf?
however, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her account.
your child is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education!
if you do not want that article or piece of writing to be seen by certain audiences, then do not put it on a public display.
with the internet, that project can get done a lot faster just by typing whatever you need to know.
trees reduce pollution and increase rain.
i disagree, i believe that it is bad for a few reasons.
in conclusion, computers do have a great effect on people.
computers are the future, and have even proven to save lives.
however, i tend to believe that the computer is not necessary.
but it is quite different from the mother planet.
the principal read out the annual report.
i am going to tell thinks way.
my sister has a computer in her bedroom and i barely see her at all.
do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal?
dear of the local newspaper: students are promoted to higher grade levels, more teachers will require research papers.
we had a lot in common and i was glad to have made a friendship with .
after this the road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
not only that but, u can also learn more about technology.
it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe.
there are kids sections, sections, and even a teenage section.
if computer are such a helpful source to society, why would people consider them as a concern?
then it started to get hot and he was out of water.
there are some names for instant , , , and many more!
how could a railway be worked without order?
from my own experience i know how easily one can be offended by a book or movie.
for instance, this year i had a sciences project about how my hobbies interests are related to science.
you cannot control what other people do or say.
he ends up getting lost.
i define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something due to personal views rather than for the good of the sheltered person.
we have to put an end to it or find some source of censorship for these library resources.
had the idea of the world not being flat and that he could sail all the way around the world without falling off of it.
it is fun because you are not bored.
this is one of the reasons every book should be on the shelf.
those people tend to probably argue with their family because they had to get off of computer.
dear local newspaper: you know that over half our nation own home computers?
censorship is not good for any society.
music is a different story however.
never being able to thank your parents enough for giving you that chance to live a happy life is also part of the mood.
that is not right and it is setting a terrible example for the kids.
the author ended the story with this paragraph because it shows change.
i use the computer to look how teams are doing.
i think this for simple reasons, , you gain computer skills, which can help in other situations.
libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers' for their library are students.
the heat affects him because he gets extremely hot and tired.
the author describes this scene as the wind was blowing harder, tearing off the last remnants of green in the chicory weeds.
everyone is entitles to what they believe, and others have to have the maturity to accept that.
it is a faithful companion.
they were accorded a warm welcome.
i feel like everyone should try new things.
last my friend on a business trip the was for weeks she missed him a lot mom let she was able to would have a telephone call.
music has been with mankind since the beginning.
its also good for the kids too.
if the materials propose things like racism, i would like those items taken off the shelves.
you can do all this on the computer and more.
will just take up all of your time.
many teens spend there whole day on the computer leaving no time for their family and friends.
all of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer.
wait i also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing.
the last reason is to get rid of the materials.
computers are great for everything.
first, you can look up places, chat with friends and family.
he had to attend many periods.
it is also hard to get used to climate change, and learning another language.
furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly.
cyclist know that there is no water in this place which is another feature of the setting which affects the cyclist.
girls believe that everything about a princess is perfect and flawless and to be a princess they also have to be flawless.
they put to many things they should not in kids movies.
if you buy a computer your life would be more relaxing.
there is really no reason for them to looking at it at all.
i showed her what the book was called, ' '.
censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries.
offensive materials contain many teaching tools in life that could help out the lives of many people.
the dry climate and tough terrain greatly affected the cyclist.
i think that there are are books, movies, and other media materials that can be found offensive to someone or a group of people.
after a strenuous ride he started to get nervous and wonder if he was even going to survive.
computers informed many people about them.
also, if it absolutely needs to happen, each library can have computers to where you can look up the book and see what that book is about.
i walked into my living room.
no, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise that they learn from how to videos.
it shows we can read stuff that is stimulating and not just to make us act like celebrates who party all the time or go to jail.
they are plenty people of the world that want to learn more on the topic.
now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests.
these girls knock our confidence down.
then the child started singing and dancing.
it is not good to sit on the computer.
he also has a lot of respect for his parents.
it seemed as though the worse his setting became, the worst he personally felt.
the mood created by the author is warmth.
to learn something that you did not know, or to build on knowledge that you already had.
have you wanted to go to ?
in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit, written by the , the setting reflects how the cyclist is feeling.
the pavilions of delhi, rajasthan, karnataka, and uttar pradesh were very attractive.
lastly children are missing out on the beauty of nature.
it is just starting to scare me about what kind of stuff my little brother and little sister could be reading.
when you go to a library you should be able to go their and get whatever genre that you want and their be no restrictions.
this is him showing that he is grateful because he says it in the sentence and he also tells the reason why he is grateful to them.
this affected him because he had to work harder and had less water to pick him up.
but creators of the computer are worried that people are spending to much time on the computer.
anything offending another race or culture should be taken off the shelves immediately in my opinion.
everybody in the community acted like they were like they were blood related but in reality nobody was.
seasons change according to the earth’s revolution around the sun.
social life , you could have with all the people you are also will them.
one reason for censorship is because it provides hordes of information and expands your mind in different ways.
computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems.
sex, violence, and drugs are not what this world was made for
baby sitters need to do their homework.
someday when i have kids, i will never let them go to certain sections of the library with this material.
now imagine it gone from the libraries.
the author also put the paragraph to show how much her character has grow.
lastly, i believe that the less time we spend would help us and be so much better.
this dry, bare setting made it impossible to find any source of water.
he took a shortcut but it ended up taking longer and he got dehydrated.
i love being on the .
there are thousands of fun games online that can help improve your reflexes and eyesight.
i take that very offensive because, back during the time when black were not able to do certain thing, the whites would refer to blacks as monkeys.
also, others complain that people need to more out in nature.
we also saw monkeys, chimpanzees, and apes.
finally at the end of the the author creates a sincere .
i think computers have a positive effect on people and negative effect one of the positive effects is being able to talk to your friends.
kids are kids.
as more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, i believe that this is having a negative effect on society.
people seem to be trying to shield the world from thing like swear words.
i think another mood of the author is definitely love.
computers make people develop hand eye coordination.
but if a book talks about certain things it should be banned, such as hate against other races, or it talks negatively about someones religion.
stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances.
did you know you should have a minimum of min in sunlight each day?
life is built on hopes and aspirations.
first of all, the people worshipped the goddess in the kali temple.
its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not.
i am writing you today to propose an explanation on my views of censorship in libraries.
if you ask me i think that is a positive effect computers have.
i clicked many pictures there.
throughout my life, i have seen many books that seem offensive to me.
all of these reasons come together and say the computer does benefit society.
maybe authors feel the need to add interest in the book and suspense, but not all readers would take it easily.
the mood is proud, because the author goes on about how amazing their parents are & how inviting the house was.
he said that was one house hold he would never forget.
along with all that though it gives love an copy.
loves his parents for the sacrifice they made for him.
kids fifteen and and older would understand.
some people might think that it is a good idea to censor things on library.
these magazines should not even be allowed in the libraries across our nation.
i bought a platform ticket and went inside.
if we keep all of these negative minded items out of public places such as libraries and even homes, then there could possibly be some change.
and the way we obtain this knowledge is through media.
they might also have to have an adult with them.
without this technology where would we be?
should you take control and get rid of it?
i suppose you can infer how this turns out: one game, turns two and so on.
they need to remove all offensive and uncensored content from their shelves for the children.
that game improves your counting of numbers.
families also are distant form each other when they sit around on .
i found that horrible.
back before the telephones was invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communications with where communication is important because it is the main source of communicating.
for instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard.
it was sad, but we promised to stay in touch.
kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out.
if you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be.
people who enjoy reading the books, that are wanted censored, would no longer be able to read those books.
we develop through our teachings and grow through our surroundings.
as unique and intriguing as the computer might be, it is slowly destroying the mind.
education is also a useful thing you can use with computers.
did you know that obesity, has gone up since last year?
computers offer numerous ways to chat online.
the quote means the mood of the community is kind and helping.
letting our own ideas into the world allows for new ideas to form.
this makes his trip even worse because now he has to make it over not only big hills but torn up, old, beaten roads.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
in the story it says, when she got to the hibiscus, she reached out and touched a petal gently.
it is unfair, if nothing else.
another thing you could do is take online classes if you are having trouble in school.
being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun.
people get things done quicker, giving people more time to do what matters most, interacting with their families.
this was affecting the cyclist because he was tired, hot, and getting dehydrated.
for example, the first terrain that he experienced was not very hilly, but rather flat and soothing.
i think there could be many changes in the library systems it is your choice if you want to change them or not
dear, i think the effects that computers do on people are really positive.
i hope now you believe computers do really benefit us.
teenagers can play games on the computer.
you find a place you go on find good write come down yet of of the computer finish paper get grade that is good feel happy the end.
lastly kids can learn about people from other times.
many parents are becoming upset because they think their children are viewing things that they should not.
the memory of many souls working together despite radical racism in that time really gives the memoir a communal sense.
he for gets about everybody.
i have, and while i was on the computer i could have been outside enjoying nature.
what if you rented that movie for a party and had guests over?
there are so many more things people can do besides go on the computer.
sometimes they do it to get a point across to the audience.
with computers communication is becoming faster and faster.
thinking about things is a great way to learn how to deal with being offended, just look from both points of view.
having an adult only section would be a way to solve this problem.
i think computers have a huge effect on people.
so that just people who want a certain item or whatever can get it with out other people having to see or listen to anything offending
in my opinion there should be very censorship in a library.
seems like everything went wrong for this man but he still made it.
you can also gain the ability to learn.
to begin with i feel everyone should admire the libraries.
dear , you look on a map of your effect all you see is computers everywhere.
finally, our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether.
in conclusion authors end stories with a paragraph like this to help show the changes that could happen in the future.
she is also thinking beyond that by just laughing at herself and trying to conserve every bit of energy she possibly can.
another thing computers are great for is talking.
the phrases in parenthesis portrait to me a loving mood.
the cyclist begins to get thirsty when he comes upon a water pump.
the second way is helps is to give .
you can lose your real friends.
finding satisfactory books for everyone in a community to agree simply will not ever be done.
the whole memoir is looking fondly back at his home that he grew up in.
their schedule could be chaotic.
my most favorite flower is rose flower and orchids.
many people get offended in this word way to easy.
the short rolling hills tested his inner spirit and caused his dehydration to further.
i think that if the material is not taken off of the shelves, then it should at least be marked as offensive.
this setting is important because it adds a sense of urgency to his trip when he starts to run low on water.
get out there and get a computer.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting affects the story very much for many reasons.
there are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves.
people gamble through online poker.
dear , , my name is and i think that everyone has a right to there own opinion.
they give you instance, is a great way to talk to people.
she had a rough day, and the author wanted to make sure she had something to look as a goal.
every person takes a different look at what a story says, just as every age group comprehends the message that passages give differently.
you also have friends page to see how you are doing.
along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information!
they are going to miss out of nature or hanging out with friends.
this is how the computer can come in handy when you need .
everyday i go on the computer i learn something new.
libraries could even consider censoring some of their books.
some peoples views on that is totally different, but hey.
we checked into a hotel and had our lunch.
that way they wont lose each other.
first, computers have become a vital part of education and research a like.
in the end paragraph she intercedes this by saying that in the spring she will take the test again.
there should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern.
this is one very important reason student use computer to research projects.
they were not cared for, and the doctors there had no medicine and instruments.
computer chat and video chat can help the all different nations.
, in and a student could find more information on a specific country than they could with a book.
schools should use computers because its the best way to get the information that you need to do something.
i know that libraries were created to be information!
in my opinion, i think that the offensive materials should be taken off the shelves.
by making it attractive, a book-fair creates an awareness in those who don’t read habitually.
because if are kids pick them up there will be , and crime.
in this book, , the main character and eventually the protagonist, a firefighter that cause fires instead of putting them out.
you can shop on then, pay bills, even book a flight to go on vacation, but people are spending too much time on them.
many people can say they have.
often say that they are stressed and depressed.
after finding a place to get a drink he stated i had an overwhelming and buy some bait showing his deep gratitude and relief of finding water.
i think this because: you can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find.
it lets people learn about cultures of places around the world.
the topics typed into search engines will help find any information help to you.
a bus stop is an interesting place.
the author concludes the story that way so she can keep everyone wondering.
other people like the book you hate.
should books, magazines, movies, and music be put in higher reaches of children, or should they be left in plain sight?
if so then that person would never get any royalties for their story and no money to support themselves.
a teen could easily get a book and not be paying attention and see stuff about the other gender.
all the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy.
do you want your children looking at bad pictures or seeing or reading about something with sexual content?
i also have to say that some people make a big deal about a subject like this.
they are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology.
you can avoid things you find offensive.
in the end of the story they say that she will take the test over again, in the spring when the geese come back from the winter fly.
talk to your relatives from and you can shopping without the waiting in line.
you will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life.
children do not need to see or hear racist comments made toward their race like many of their ancestors did.
dear editor of the , i heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and i just thought i would voice my opinion.
if we take that away from people, then how will we all connect?
online for the games make it even more fun thus it make them lazier.
computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can.
there is not one single thing that proves that.
i would not have gotten that grade if i did not use the computer to do research.
i was so sad.
to it concern, in life has to deal with something offensive towards them at least once.
i don' believe it should work that way.
in that time, some one could have died, been robbed and that same criminal gone.
communication is pretty easy on a computer.
then it would be hard to learn or teach anything.
the people started running to protect themselves from the rain.
if there were rules or guidelines, that would ensure there would still be things to read and listen to in the future.
even some books that include magic and fiction have been expelled from some societies, simply because of certain religions and cultural backgrounds.
you want to be at home on a computer all day or you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends?
he checks it out and goes home to watch the movie.
a teacher works to build our nation.
computers provide an excellent variety education in our society.
we need our information!
then, once he got the advice and headed down the road he saw a ghost town which is never good.
now you know computers are really good for kids not that bad.
there is no more need to search for hours through biographies.
i think that creates a very calming are caring mood.
finally, drug use should not be issued in books to kids.
the author describes the many things her parents have given to her.
for one, they help in our educational processes.
this way parents taking their children to the library will know in which way they should direct them.
it is hot, dry, and deserted this out effects the main character and journey.
example is flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
some families have a tradition.
newspapers publish government policies.
if he would have had a partner they could have stopped and took a break or shared the water.
it should be that you must be seventeen to get anything rated .
with them when ever i want to.
some parents not even realize what their teenagers or little children are actually buying.
i think that computers are good.
dear editor, computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the .
computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways.
for now, children should be receiving material that they can easily comprehend and find interesting.
its just this time you will know and would have learned from the past mistakes.
people should be able to watch what movies they want.
also he says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
soon the drizzle turned into heavy rain.
so, should libraries completely remove areas of media?
nobody in this entire world is exactly the same.
secondly, it can give a more realistic image of a person, place, thing, or event.
there should,however, be age limits on what some are allowed to get parent permission or .
dear the , computers are out!
although i use a computer a lot i still have fun with friends and play sports.
more often then not i enjoy reading what i enjoy far more than something that is forced.
meat and fish.
even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world.
but if you going to go on to just go on to just talk to friend then that is a waste of time in somebody life.
teens relieve a lot of stress on the web.
everybody can check out what is appropriate for their age.
books are a key to learning!
the features of the setting that affect the cyclist are the conditions of the road and weather.
over the i had gone to my .
in conclusion, i disagree with the fact that certain materials should get removed off shelves if felt to be offense.
computers build up your skills for everything.
all because of a movie or book.
movie contains a profanity every other word, so it seems.
it is not necessary to take the items off the shelf.
that same day i came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing.
florence nightingale was born in florence, italy, while her english parents were spending a vacation there.
it would allow people to learn about places all over the world.
by being able to search anything, help children with homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do.
whats not to like?
censorship in public libraries, allowed?
so therefore, libraries should not remove books or any other items from the shelf.
they take the leadership in every social and
so much that they she will pass her test with ease because she will not be nervous.
studies show that computers are use in the winter two time as much then.
kids and grown ups are the same and nobody needs to see a movie if it is really bad.
so, if parents begin censoring items there is one incentive or reason for them to read or listen to it; and disobey parents.
it has great nourishing value.
also we could look at places we never saw before and if you want to get some where you can go the computer to do that.
online poker could be dangerous.
there are too many people in the world to just have one opinion about one topic and nothing else.
if reading materials were taken away that are found offensive, our ability to learn and grow as humans might as well be taken away as well.
studies show that playing a high action game hrs a day will improve eyesight more than eating serving carrots a day.
it simply could not be read if it is not available.
we need computers for so many things, and they benefit society.
finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online.
the trains were moving very fast and people were travelling, hanging by the bars of the foot-boards.
i believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting.
do not get me wrong, these websites are fun and cool.
newton made many other discoveries.
another problem people encounter with the internet is being too focused.
if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes.
if the road is also rough, the biker has to work even harder to push the up the hill.
without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live.
many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation.
efficiency is another powerful time –saver.
these are things you can do on the internet.
websites like and are most commonly used.
it also symbolizes that when the plant buds and fights all the obstacles to survive, then she will beat the obstacles to past her driving test.
after all, the children are the future of our world
first, kids and even adults can talk to there friends online.
to overcome that, they needed to stick together.
although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you.
a is thought of as a learning zone.
he hated the idea of mixing people of different religions into one place.
i know with my heart and saw that my family means the world to me and everyone shown more time for each family member, not the computer!
i went to the computer for.
thus, the order becomes a habit.
activities keep you mind off things read on to find our more.
this is how i spent my recreation and leisure.
there were many men, women, and children going to see the fair.
everyone is different though, we have all have a different view on things and we all are unique.
personally i know that i go to camp every year and make new friends.
this is a fantastic effect that computers have on people.
being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world.
they do this hundreds of a day.
last, that is why in this lifetime you need computers.
we just have to learn to use it with respect.
without computers we would have to do it old fashion style.
its as simple as that.
people that read things and get offended by it, should have a say in whether it is on the shelf or not.
some suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others be offended by a different book.
up, , , to school, get home, .
they should just get rid of it.
i like most of what i hear, and see.
you will have taken most books out of libraries because one person thinks it is not good for the children.
for example when she said, then i will take that test again.
in the popular search engine attempted to set up shop in the country, but quickly entered into dispute with the about the censoring of certain materials.
some even added fuel to fire by their comments.
they allow easier research, i can learn about other countries, and can talk to people online.
they want to look perfect.
with all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us.
do you want to gain weight?
however, hope is renewed when he thinks of the cool pines and rushing rivers of .
contact with people from another street, town, state, country, can be established by the use of social networking sites such as, , , .
if people removes them so people wont come back to that libraries.
she came home to her mother with a plant and disappoint her mother with the cost but she understands the pain.
the mood portrayed in the story was family and friends are very important and they help what you will be in the future.
if you start taking away these things, libraries are only going to become vacant.
the child must be at least in order to get a pass from the parent though.
we went to the hotel and went inside our rooms rested for a while and went shopping.
then all you have to do is press print to get a hard copy.
those are how just some of the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
no matter what we do, some one will be offended.
this proves it is extremely hot outside.
though books this material can be called offensive, to certain people this is there culture and how they live.
this also, with focus, and people with better focus excel in school, work and their social lives.
computers are just one part.
my now lucky i to be able to realize how, and the research is because of computers.
in conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone.
when a person listens to music, or reads a book, that person could take something differently from how the writer intended it to be.
later that night, i get home and check my , a new notification pops up and i am now friends with my .
as i said at the beginning, i like mystery books.
with just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology.
with computers, you can chat with each other all night.
if you have a laptop you can talk to them were every they go or you go.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
like a section for older kids and people.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
he makes the reader admire them too.
computers are wonderful things, but when it starts affecting your health and physical fitness, they are enemies.
censoring is something that i strongly believe in.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit this .
for example, , be there very own website.
also in paragraph it says.
getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are.
it is symbolic for when the geese return she will take the test again because when they left she had failed.
people dump garbage into waterways.
they are things we must learn about, so we do not repeat them.
should offensive material be removed from the library?
how would we be call the land of the free if we are censoring everything.
if someone got offended by what they read, they could put the book down just as fast as they picked it up.
the first time she said that to me i went to the computer to see how other people were having to me.
i think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves.
almost everyone can remember a time a child when they were young and innocent, free of worry and trouble.
finally, strength is the last why the author chose the paragraph to end the story.
this quote shows that the author can only give thanks to his loving parents who did everything to insure a great life.
furthermore, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming.
he also mentions how grateful he was to have a caring and loving family to be brought up in.
once the rolling expansive hills came into view, the author let out a sad, hopeless laugh.
most kids in the are a member of a social network like or .
that shows a good because it is about loving.
if you were limited to only certain subjects because all of the other choices were thrown out you might begin to feel trapped.
that was my three opinion on which why computers are good effect on the society and i think that computers are really good effect on the society.
get into a fun conversation or debate.
but he keeps trying to reach his destination.
you get upset when you read something for the first time, and not notice that it could help you when you think about it.
said our health teacher.
another reason is because there is some history on many different websites.
they are overweight, constantly suffering from fatigue, lonely, nature deprived and lazy.
also they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
when hot, the heat dehydrates you.
i can honestly tell you that i love computers.
it takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down.
secondly, you can communicate with others from around the word or just your friends.
many trees provide us medicinal products such as quinine and eucalyptus.
they affected his confidence, his energy, and his determination.
the word definition of allegory is a story within a story.
knowing that others have already successfully passed.
but do they really consider both sides?
these are real time.
i have also experienced censorship in local library.
if you are going somewhere for, you can use the computer to find a plane.
dear , you know, more and more people are starting to use computers.
why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your .
while the cyclist was riding along, the sun was beginning to beat down on him.
as long as no laws are being broken, there should be no problem.
in the memoir there is more the one mood, but this is the main one.
there will never be a dull moment.
hear what he was doing, and even see the view of from his window.
i disagree with when she said that some books, magazines, movies, etc.
without these books these can become something in the past and nothing more.
say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the .
it also teaches us not to what these people are doing.
are very commonly asked questions, and should have attention put toward them.
recent research from says that of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over pounds.
i get my answer within a day.
i have dealt with situations like before; everyone has.
that is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
surrounding it there are nine main
magazines in my opinion should be censored.
then he came to a fork in the road and was running out of water.
my friends and guests praise my garden.
my third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it.
she has four kittens.
she feels the snows meet, the geese return, she says that she will take that test again.
lastly, might nit be active but live playing or going other online websites.
i have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you.
computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims.
at anytime about billion are on some sort of electronic device.
no time to exercise?
we will no longer have a respected society.
if i can do you can do too!
in conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still do help society in many ways.
also, the many hills and the fact that it is summer impacted him greatly because he became tired out more easily and could not pedal as fast.
after all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday.
i have a friend who is always on the computer.
the mood the author created in this memoir was very proud.
i believe that is only helping the world on a day today basis.
these are simple and save lots of time.
it is my favorite toy.
however, i do agree that there should be certain standards set for some of the books out there.
there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed!
reading this made me feel grateful for what i have, and think of all my parents did for me and sacrificed.
do i agree?
it also goes on to say that it was a test for my inner spirit.
two, is over a million of us people out and we all are not a like in many ways.
everything from check out isles at the grocery store to coffee makers at home are being upgraded all the time.
so how are we suppose to know what offends who?
instantly when opening the door i hear to people having a heated conversation about the painting they had hanging on the back wall, in the adult section.
the fun messages are what makes everything so great.
to keep the society from becoming offended, or for that matter, thinking.
it would not be beneficial to them or society if they are sheltered their entire lives.
he has to go through a lot of bad things just to finish.
dear local newspaper, you love computers but fear that you or loved ones spend way to much time on them?
there are many ways communicate on the computer these days.
so books are usually very hard to offend people, because most people can usually tell right away if they like the book or not.
plus there are shows on television that could have to do with racism, or someone being overweight.
you have the right to be able to read,watch, or listen to whatever you want.
but with strong determination, he rods on.
parents hard earned money is being wasted away on these extremely expensive computers, they can pay anywhere from !
he works hard to earn his bread.
when the other old guy was about to tell him whereto go he said no.
he could have died.
they might think that it takes away time from nature, friends and family.
on the subject, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation.
he also said that in his neighborhood, cultures came together and there was unity and friendship.
dear newspaper, have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight?
but is really wrong for them to like something that someone else took the time to write.
i think should be a matter of choice, like choosing which outfit you want to wear in the .
the question is, should we limit or rule out certain subjects in libraries?
in the spring time.
even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do
information can be found in any subject.
dear , i believe that computers have a very positive effect on people.
but not everyone agrees that this benefit society.
voting is always important and people should notice that.
you can go online to purchase tickets.
he could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl.
they were like a game that he came successful.
when she saw the hibiscus, the exotic plant took her back to her memories and to the love of her old home.
the internet can do all of those things.
the reader feels a sense of comfort.
with material far away, people can be reassured in small towns that material will never upset their community.
it has gone from just being able to go to school to the various ways to increase your intelligence on the computer.
then the story takes an unexpected turn.
it takes away certain literature that people might like reading.
while surfing the web be fun, it has been proven unhealthy.
movies can also inspire different people to do different thing, such as become an actor also.
she thought that maybe i would think what i see on is not a bad thing .
also, computers are making it very hard for families to have meals together.
must chose to go on or rather than opening their books.
in the beginning of the essay the cyclist, rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on [his] face.
she is convinced that by spring she will be able to overcome this obstacle and have the confidence to pursue any that will arise in her future.
as you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people.
we all have our opinions and we can speak our minds, but sometimes we do not get want we always want.
many people find certain books, music, or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young reads.
a kid should not be able to get his hands on that kind of stuff in a public library.
most movies these days are very gory or offensive in many aspects.
so, if they wanted to read a book like that, they could probably get it off the internet, even if they can not in libraries.
dear local newspaper, i also agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
one reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet.
a bus stop hums with life and activity.
i am torn on this topic because i am against censorship, but i am also for it when laws are being broken.
i think that everything in libraries are very important and who is to know that everybody wants this to happen.
this, soldiers, is what need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics.
interacting with their family and friends will be healthy to them.
of have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer.
someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive.
there, they can read about past and current events.
for example email and is a way to communicate.
i do not think that certain materials should be removed for many reasons.
in my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item.
parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library.
this tests and quizzes.
first and foremost, the use of computers will tribute to better research.
what i am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects.
authors use their freedom in their writing, just like musicians use their freedom to make music.
putting my learning to a stop.
first, besides books, we have magazines.
you can even a computer so you can video chat, and not have to wait to get your reply.
music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries.
my mother believed that i should not read those novels at that age.
everyone just has to remember that people have their own opinions about things and you just have to deal with it.
there are many great things about computers.
now, scientists from the foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells.
business men are not the only ones doing that though.
the tone the author gave out was joy.
it holds information and has website when the internet they.
computers do many things for us.
they serve almost the same environments.
but if the reader is not reading for interest, then there is a problem there.
in this memoir the mood created by the author is mostly happiness and celebration.
they had know that if they needed help they would do the same.
they are helpful for getting your local weather.
the doctors advise patients to take at least two glasses of milk every day.
i thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects computer usage throughout the if you heard from a young teen.
countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened.
i think we should keep censorship around because it would deny knowledge to people if we did not keep it.
some of them being across the ocean in .
everybody needs to stop being lazy and get active.
if they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song, then why not let them?
first, he described a beating sun and pines and rushing rivers.
when he came to a pump, it was rusty with tar oozing out followed by hot brackish water flavored like battery acid.
my friend was having so much fun on the computer he forget to do his homework.
because i have a choice if i want to watch it or not.
the internet has just about every piece of information possible.
it get harder and harder to continue his ride.
i knew i could trust him with all of my secrets.
so he let out a sad, hopeless laugh and still had energy to feel sorry for himself.
but, they all did also agree on the fact that they really do not have the right to remove them from the shelves.
later, on he realizes his water was going down, & he is getting tired, his mood changed to exhaustion & defect.
our world has been increasing in the drug use of teens and adults, also the pregnancy rate of teens has went up dramatically in the past few years.
since the plant reminds her of home, when it buds she will be more confident to take the test.
dear newspaper , even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects.
a library is a place of learning or reading for entertainment and those very offensive books do not teach learning or are entertaining.
it makes it twice as hard, to do a simple task with a computer.
also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places.
she had decided she will retake the test next time she gets a change.
just get off that computer!
they allow people to contact others who are far away.
it would just depend on what offends people and what would make them offended.
this gives the story a very loving mood and shows how they are all there for each other.
i think that music, just like movies, should not be able to be censored, because they are already rated accordingly.
everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny.
but i would have to say that most people live off of or get entirely influenced by what they read or hear.
yesterday my emailed me a picture of a cub bear in a tree outside of his cabin he was playing in, in for.
it shows that even though she really loved her hometown, and feels and remembers a lot back then.
they help bring people together, provide entertainment and have very useful information.
no, of course not.
there are millions of people in the world.
lastly, is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world.
instead of going on the computer you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends.
he took her, one day, to hospital to get treatment for her aliment.
this quote, describes the scenery as a place that they tumbleweeds.
libraries have no right to take away any books from other children and adults.
so honestly it cant be that bad.
a majority of people would say yes.
all the facts are true ans i say about people in the world go threw computers every year think hard.
the heat, lack of water and constant up hill riding can take a lot of energy out of someone and make it extremely hard to ride.
most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis.
a whole cycle of being underappreciated and the obsession to be perfect makes the media more powerful.
usually the book will be banned because of bad language which people thing should be taken out of our schools, but they are missing the point.
the sign should say what content it has so the people can stay away from the room.
it dose not really mater to me, we all have the wright to are one likes and dislikes.
and it is more and quicker.
decides that he wants to learn, but he does not know how.
so why should any book be different because its not a big event like .
a curse word, a bit of skin, a controversial idea.
in the world there are today there is about billion people.
lastly, the mood is one of caring and welcome to friends and neighbors they considered family.
without air you would be taking in chemically changed air, which is not good for your body.
many people would be made mad if this did happen.
so if you do not want to see or your kids to see the offensive books and movies you should make sure not to go in the adult section.
we can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past.
many magazines, books, movies, and music tell you this, and it is not true.
there were so many choices and options right at the tip of my fingers.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
then, she will be ready to achieve her goal.
but then they also have uncensored items.
no one forced the act on me.
now a world where people jog together in the park, as they jog, they see a group of bird watchers huddled together under a tree.
when someone helps us, we should always be thankful to that person.
imagine there was no computer for them to use.
she says in the spring when the snows melt because she is beginning to get used to the quiet repetition of season upon season.
on his computer and haven went outside.
so she would wait until she felt at home and comfortable again to retake the test.
your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall.
i think many people believe him to be a bit too wild and deranged to be a convincing argument.
then not as many people would be offended and they would not have any problems with letting their children pick out books on their own.
the used it in the colonies during the to keep the colonists loyal to the crown.
he is kind, gentle and courteous.
computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills.
this happened in the passage.
college students, teachers, and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music, and magazines.
taking away certain reading materials is taking away the chance for a child to learn the things that are actually going on around them.
third reason every could be offense to somebody.
this could not of made his ride easier.
most kids spend so much time on the computer and they to do their homework.
but what if you wanted to get more information about it.
when you read you learn, when you watch a movie you learn, even when you listen to music you can learn.
this is what majority of the people in our society rely on.
i think they just need to suck up and move on.
i kid you not, after hearing about sad video it has inspired me to be a successful person and not become homeless.
you can learn about or you name it you can type it in google, and you can learn everything about that country.
computers are the building blocks of our medical world.
i have never been there so i want on the computer.
what is the world going to do?
the authors of books have freedom of speech so yeah some books offend people but if it offends them they should try stay away from that books or magazines.
they help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics.
so get of the computer and go !
says is very entertaining but is not brain damaging.
living a sheltered life can catch up to people when they reach adulthood.
in seconds there will be thousands thousands of results.
you can make audio calls to a person using the computer.
once a person is an adult, their right is to choose whatever they like to .
censorship is taking away our freedoms and , slowly stealing them away from us.
so they think it is cool for them to go out and do things like that but, it is not.
second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, , it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier.
the less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted.
most college students do their homework on the computer.
some books and music do have contents that are offensive to some readers and viewers.
so should these things go away or not?
you ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting.
violence is bad for little kids to be doing when they are young.
she was really sad she failed.
on the other hand though, computers open up new worlds to people.
when surveyed, of people agreed that they talk to relatives from other places on the computer.
the cyclist was hoping for a way out of the misery he had come across.
the items that do contain graphic content, cursing, etc.
therefore i think if you like doing that then the computer is what you need.
opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends.
this means the cyclist was short on water and needed to find a town soon.
there was nobody around her to help.
what be offensive to one person might not be to another.
with out inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place.
libraries should be able to have a variety of different books.
computers allow the everyday family to see new places, through photos online, and people, through the internet.
we miss out on all the other important things in life, just because of to much time on our laptops.
one reason censorship should not be aloud in libraries is the lack of freedom of .
people who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not, then they have some pretty health problems.
you would have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it.
read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effect.
as the cyclist continues on his ride, changes begin to occur in the surroundings, which ultimately affects the cyclists attitude.
my bro, , had on assignment to do .
this are three reason a think that.
dear , should certain books be removed because some people think they are inappropriate for their children to see or read?
books are meant to be read and some authors direct the book to certain people.
as small children, we should always obey elders and also respect each other.
this shows that he is grateful for all the extended family members he has.
the student would need to go through all different books to find specific information needed.
the fast response is what is helping rebuild from the rubble.
i felt it was a waist of money, but when saw her light delights for i it with love as well.
but, do not take it upon yourself to remove that book from our library.
now head on over to your library and pick up a book about something you would like to no more about.
it would be a would far different from our own.
another place is the .
the purpose of getting on the computer is look for information or play games no that other stuff.
you should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online.
people should be going about to have fun get sunlight not staying at the computer all the time.
even if it is offensive to you it could come in handy for another person
my father was alsatian but my mother was from an ordinary breed.
others believe that freedom of speech is a universal right that should extend to any and all forms of human expression.
i believe though that every customer in the library should have the ability to choose what they want to read.
soon the moon was shining brightly.
computers have been rapidly changing too.
there is more foul language in music as it progresses.
it should not.
through computers they can talk to them as long as they want at no expense.
for example in football they take any problems and use them as reasons to push themselves harder to finish the game.
here the hibiscus mean hope.
just because some people find something offensive does not mean that the so called offensive material does not have the right to be published or shared with anybody.
shows that just because one person thinks one way is right does not mean another will.
computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis.
why does everyone have to sit in front of the computer anyway?
they get hand eye coordination.
computers are a hundred percent health for you.
there are many types of reading materials for people to read in a library.
as you can see, the authors tone in this memoir is calm, and sad.
fortunately my friend’s prediction came true.
first, heat because the heat is making him thirsty for water he is running row on.
it lets people interact with people from very far off places.
, but how often do you even see those people in real life?
just do something that involves being outside is so much fun.
would you really want to use something that bad toward your health and your privacy?
i hope what i have just explained now helps me make my.
firstly, computers are full of great advertisements.
she helps homeless teens find places to stay and she is always welcoming.
without computers some businesses would be unable to function, and those could function, would be awful slow.
not many pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends in the internet, why not meet them at the park?
computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like .
libraries in i am going to write a persuasive essay about what i think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive thing in the book.
some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information.
i would rather the world be an educated place with minor dangers, then a place where everything is kept secret and safe.
he is happy is parents worked so hard to get him to new jersey.
this should not play a role in whether or not materials should be removed from public places such as a library.
those are some examples of why i think the author concluded the story with that paragraph.
everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not.
so she becomes determined to pass the test.
a world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love, and hate.
, librarians, and public officials have gone too far in thinking they should have the right to choose who reads certain books and who does not.
sometimes, people just need to keep their opinions to themselves, agreed?
who knows we might have to vote on it someday
now need on so can all up.
secondly, every computer that i have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website.
in libraries, is censorship truly needed?
for example, a kid goes to see a movie that has a lot of violence in it.
so get outside!
not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on.
since then problem has grown to a point that we will never be able to control.
but because it is a series, should it be removed from shelves?
therefore, the author concludes the story with that certain paragraph because it symbolizes the importance of the flower.
when they had no children of their own, the suffering of homeless children invoked sympathy in their hearts.
another reason there should be advances in technology is because it gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
why take it off the shelf?
do we really want the murder of millions of people to be repeated?
this is my third school yet on the day i joined it was very nervous.
she left me with the maidservant.
a reason that it is love is because he loved everyone in his family.
any of the things that they read in a magazine or see in a movie are things that they could easily look up on the internet.
lastly, they should enjoy life.
if you do not want to hear those words or see certain images you should not have gotten that book.
even though it seems like everybody has a computer, not everybody does.
movies are mostly just made up ideas that people come up with.
i myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games.
if you took away a book or certain material off the shelf, how could that help a child.
computers are good for finding information quickly.
i only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it.
on the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data.
i know this from personal experience.
of her daughter.
and hours of playing online games i realized i have wasted a lot of time.
not even a library has all the information you need.
it provides us with many kinds of fish, lobsters, corals, prawn and sea plants.
in certain department stores, there be a movie that has a line in it that i take offensively.
i am not saying that this is true, i am only saying that its possible for some thing like this to happen.
not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer.
they also save important files and precious pictures.
reading is my last hobby, and i have collected a lot of titles during the past three-four years.
this is why the author ended the story in the manner that she did.
on the computer you can look up places and see beautiful pictures of places, nature, and even people.
so why put them out in a bad way.
if they are needed for a school project that fine but using the computer everyday rather than exercising is not okay.
he grows different types of crops for us.
what is not to love?
these game can past time and the player some fun.
if you were offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to have it taken away or banned?
they can be down right mean some times.
for me i am i want to learn more about my own culture no matter of how bad it is.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies etc.
as you can see, i have given you three reasons why i strongly believe computers are badly .
a hobby removes the dullness of man.
for the children they have a nice comfy spot for them to pick a book and sit down and read it.
your children will see it if they truly want to.
i know that i am always finding the computer useful.
how cool would that be?
the concluding paragraph is a fitting way to wrap up the story.
then for young adults, i think that parents could try to look up somethings about the book.
for instance; she states over one long, crippling hill, a building came into view.
all of can happen from staying off of computers.
you could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply.
although those parents that do not approve of this can go to a different library.
the aspect that a parent is worried about what their children might read implies parents need to step in.
also he saw a snake that scared him to death but he passed the snake.
many books that are threatened by censorship are books about historical facts, such as the holocaust.
nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read.
computers are fine in moderation, as are most things.
remember minutes of exercise, minutes in the sun each day to stay really healthy.
and you just cant figure it at?
the setting affects the cyclist in many ways throughout the writing.
kids might get picked.
was happy that everyone in her neighborhood got along.
books are here for a reason, and they need to stay
we are too connected as a society.
we should all join hands to build a greener and healthier environment.
books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something.
they are now happily engaged.
through hills, high desert, flat roads and the woods.
going to the library for a book on your report would consume extra time.
additionally, he biked across a water pump that was well needed he tried to pump water but got no success.
they need to have a section where offensive books,magazines,music and movies go.
lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing.
this is effecting people negatively.
another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions, or traditions.
can you imagine how much harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, lets say .
people like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened.
that shows how grateful the author is because he thanked his parents more than once.
i think the use of computers is very good things in the present day .
and we all have our own views in what type of genre we enjoy listening, reading or watching.
removing offensive items would also be an intrusion of freedom of speech.
if libraries take the information out of the library the students will not be able to find the info needed for their project or paper.
one reason is that books, music, etc.
because it is true.
one time i was having trouble with fraction, in math.
i am writing this article about using the computer more than an hour.
the created by the author of the memoir is warm and inviting.
the setting in the story affected the cyclist by him going through obstacles to get to town.
the heat had affected him greatly as well.
people on computer might go outside because they are involved with the computer.
to wrap it all up, the mood the author created in the memoir was about love and happiness.
there are many setting that affect the cyclist.
they continue to keep people informed of recent and also past events.
this means that he felt he was close enough to everybody in his community it was like family.
in conclusion, you understand what you can and cannot read.
computers are the center of technology.
second, the different types of terrain made the cyclist really thirsty also and tired.
another topic is magazines.
explaining a loving family, new friendships and an overall welcoming feeling create the calm and loving mood, created by the author.
this also protects any reader from being denied the right to have information at their fingertips.
but mainly the mood is loving.
the mood in the memoir changes.
his parents worked hard for what they worked for and no one can take that away.
libraries hold many books and movies such as fiction, nonfiction, historical, fantasy, and adventure.
healthy persons can think properly, act promptly and work peristently.
the roots are her past and although they are buried, they are not forgotten.
when a lot of people begin to protest that same material, it has a high probability of being banned.
although some materials be offensive, they should not be removed from the libraries.
at one point he says, the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed.
the players feel a sensation of joy.
my opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life.
with only a couple of people feeling offensive to some things, but the majority find different, that would ruin for everyone almost.
as we were reading the book i honestly thought it was a very interesting story.
he starts out confident enough and then reaches the first town the gentleman described.
chats rooms are cool to.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
dear editor, computers are a waste of time.
i think the author realizes that she is going to have to adapt.
i cannot remember a time when i went to the library and seen something that was offensive.
thank you for listening
the last sentence in the story is significant.
i agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on.
what if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal?
i think this because it can teach you how to type faster, learn about far away places, and talk to people online.
or some thing that fun or i think or beneficial to me.
even the covers of some should be removed for the good of the public.
you bear of people using computers to do work all of the time.
in the desert it was very hot and because of this the cyclist was sweating a lot and getting dehydrated.
directors try and cover them up, but we know what they are trying to get across.
last of all, computer hand - eye coordination that is vital to every day life.
dear , i agree that computers had a positive effect on people.
this is what i think it could be easily prevent just put them up or removed and taken off shelves.
last summer when my grandfather came to visit us, he took me to the museum.
its hardy and comes back.
dear newspaper, i have heard you are creating an article on if computers are helpful or non helpful to society.
computers are bad in someways but good in others.
this shows that things do change but they are also the same.
some do it in a joking way, but others do not.
i was born in a hotel kitchen.
it has violence, language, and people are treated in a harmful way.
not everyone who posts articles is an expert on that topic; the information could very well be false!
there are quite are quite a few who take to begging because of it.
many say that history repeats itself.
novels are usually fiction, but the characters come to life to readers.
why limit themselves to typing to people, when they can talk to them?
the library has always been a place where you go to find exactly what you want and you know that they will have it.
when example of happiness was that his parents passed on their culinary skills and a love of cooking.
many teenagers do this.
taking away music is like taking away humans natural culture.
here is what i believe we should do.
he also said that it was not safe to get off the jeep.
i disagree with library censorship.
some homework requires computers and some colleges are only on the computer so you can stay at home.
when i was twelve years old i started to listen to music that i enjoyed instead of the music my mother played.
the setting affect him both physically and mentally.
also, it is easy for companies to attract business.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are getting hooked on computers.
of all people found out about their job on a computer.
one of the greatest is the freedom of speech.
also, nature in a magazine concluded the best way to find nature, is the internet.
computers are only the start of it all!
therefore everything and everyone should be censored in order to fulfill the goal of censorship.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented.
there are some people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people that understand and agree with what they feel.
then as he realizes that he might have enough water his attitude changes.
she means that even though she misses her homeland so much, she is slowly getting used to her new home, and her new life.
there are many different features such as the weather, road condition, and how the person is feeling.
they also have several unhealthy diets that teenagers might try.
no, having experiences is only half the point of living; sharing it is the rest.
chatting on the computer is great.
there are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well.
(you know) reason why is because you can end up somewhere where you did not even need to go to.
everyone has a different opinion and taste to what they like or dislike.
thus computers are very vital to us.
i know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud.
everyone is offended by something.
what are you supposed to do about your research paper now?
finally, the cyclist sees a building in the distance, but again, deserted.
whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand.
if you think could get into the hands of a child, or someone that would effect, do not rent the item.
a nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books.
it shows her blossoming because she changes from a negative mood to a positive one, after seeing the flower from her childhood memory.
you never know but maybe someone might think your favorite book is not appropriate.
she had no problem going off and complaining, i can remember her every word she said it sounded like this.
by shopping online, you skip the long lines at retail stores which means less time walking to get your product.
what are we hiding from?
computers help advance research, help people reconnect with one another, and help the communicate, who knows that computers will help us accomplish next?
then with in two days there would be not books left.
as i said before people should spend less time on computer.
thus, the old couple were saved from their valuables being stolen by burglars.
we learn and understand at different rates.
computers can mess up your relationships with family and friends.
he stop going school, he gaining.
the second thing it does is dreams about future conclusions.
talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill.
they undergo intense training before they join the army as soldiers.
these apps are the basic to starting up a business or promoting an invention.
how cool is seeing your friend when your not together?
now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer.
use a real dictionary.
these all gives off the soft sense, meaning nice and thankful
i tried a drop or two, tasted like battery acid.
the features of the setting are that there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
last feature that affected the cyclist was when the story says rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
the material we read in books are sometimes offensive.
another example of the mood the author sets is what he thinks of his culture.
computers also can be used for communication.
also, music allows the artist to bring out their side of creativity and emotion.
i have a computer at home and i know how much fun it is talking to your friends on or whatever you talk to your friends are.
this shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family.
you have a choice to read or watch something.
the child started dancing with the fairies.
located in paragraph .
virtual sports be fun, but they keep you from the real ones.
nudity, cursing, and drugs are all offensive images i have seen in a library.
and its something that would have to be done.
and thank you local newspapers.
there is no one around to give him a drink of water.
about of adults confess that they too have fallen into the new fads such as , , and .
for one thing if you need to find out a important fact date or time.
the features of the setting, or environment, in which the cyclist is in greatly affects him.
comedy helps daily life.
for moving to , making sacrifices, wanting a better life for them.
other offensive material some adults enjoy reading or watching.
next, using computers saves trees.
in my opinion people would be better off without them.
in the internet every thing is more easy, i mean all you have to do to learn how it works is to use a keyboard & mouse.
next reasons, i can do my homework on i can write a big letter on i can do a lot of work in the computer is and easy.
libraries hold information that is raw and true without leaving the facts behind.
it is hard for the cyclist to keep in good spirits because he is not even coming across any towns or sources of water.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
the author also concludes with the paragraph because she feels heartbroken that life is not going her way and that she needs to do something about it.
the three most important moods where grateful, loving, and happy.
all books should remain on the shelves.
this is only one of the reasons why i agree with the use of computers.
family is very important in the excerpt.
same for when some one asks you whats offensive to you.
students would better understand the content they are and when they go to school, they would already know it.
the snow melting represents her sorrows going away as the sun shows how she will succeed and grow like the hibiscus plant she had bought.
it obvious that computers have a good effect on people?
thank you for listening.
dear readers, has come to my attention that there is a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
in a way we are brain washing them on how to live a destructive live, through adult oriented things
i understand censoring songs and movies, though, so that they be played on the radio and in the theaters.
when they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves.
imagine being in the hospital because of playing on the computer.
the mood created by this is, it makes the reader think about his family and what they have sacrificed for you.
but if they go on the internet they could their friends and families and chat with them.
they think why go outside when i have all this stuff inside?
if its not to overweight to not spending time with families, to doing schoolwork.
the features of the setting strongly affected the cyclist.
they also miss out on family dinners and movie night.
rather a old movie or a new release.
that is why i think the author ended the story that way.
if they write literature.
also, there are many people that find the offensive.
the bridegroom was escorted to the throne-like-seat on the raised platform.
some site like allow you to instant message your friends.
also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that.
i know people say that where you are on be computer, you spend less time exercising, but the computers help you with you throwing skills.
is it offensive?
all you do is go to and type in what you want to find.
i typed in nature parks on a search engine, and sister is back to traveling all over .
the author never mentioned any negative activity in the memoir.
not just for games.
with websites such as and , people can keep in touch.
however, it has grown so much.
this is why i feel books should stay where there are
without all the useful information i found on the computer.
so i urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology.
it is a great thing to bring some light to their dark world.
find the positives in what it brings instead of looking down on it.
people should use a more often.
you could use your webcam and talk to them and see than like you were in the same room.
computers are not having a negative affect on society.
as a western middle school students, i know the amount of projects and research we are required to do per class.
all songs are different so you can use them however you want.
these seem to be the kinds of books that young children have become interested in.
magazines they have many different varieties of things for all ages and you pick the ones you want for you or your child.
another example is that overtime the strain build up and up to the where even with glasses you can hardly see.
even if your just making an observation just walk away and do not let it get the best of you.
much throughout the story, this is the mood.
losing this information is way for people to not be clearly informed, harming the future outcome of our society.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a mood.
off the shelf freely?
there is happiness because he was just born.
also, the closet water supply was somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees, there was a long crippling hill all while the sun was heating down.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on other people.
dear local newspaper, are so many people that addicted to computers.
he also continues to say to himself he should not have took that route.
as he saw no buildings in sight for many miles, he began to lose his determination as well as hope.
so take the considerations in hand.
censorship prevents learning from those who want it.
in addition, computers have a positive impact on families and benefits them greatly.
when a cyclist goes over hills it takes more energy due to the laws of gravity.
wow, the rate went went up like in each year.
if people start to take those things away then what use would be for a library.
it never has.
so i feel that mother is the prettiest person ever i have had in my life.
the main character said friendship and home is the basis in his life, he understand without letting his parents teach him.
i think that it is a happy mood because of the way he talks about his neighbors.
if is messy.
music is my passion.
people could then read these comments before checking out that item.
yes like the writer said the world is a fluid place.
these are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends.
people who spend more than one hour on the computer are involved in , , or playing a computer game.
they never said what the books were but they kept talking about how they felt and what they would have liked to do with them.
a library is built for other people enjoyment.
music is the number one entertainment people enjoy.
that is how the different settings effected the cyclist.
dear , i think that computers have a negative affect on us!
also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it.
also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you.
if anything we need to start censoring what we broadcast on television and also what we post on the and leave our libraries alone.
who gets to decide that this book of movie is offensive?
the mood was very important to really feel the message of the memoir.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful.
is this good or bad?
my third reason is we can talk to friends.
do not get me wrong.
some of the material in the libraries are very graphic and sometimes quite a bit offensive.
it infringes our rights.
computers can do amazing things!
the plant seems to give her hope and the last paragraph of the story mentions the hibiscus.
she knew she should adjust herself in the new situation she was still too shaky to say the words at home.
i have learned from experience that being the person that has something different about them is not a bad thing and is actually a good thing in some cases.
i know that it takes a lot to be able to let anyone into your home.
this memoir did however express a lot of feelings though.
the question is, should we censor materials in libraries if it is offensive?
are you supposed to explain to your boss in time?
there was also a lot of life at his house.
there has always been a sense of subliminal messaging throughout the development and evolution in the cinematic world of movies.
it shows kids that not everything is perfect.
shockingly the book interested them.
i know you agree with me.
the author concluded this story for a internal adjust.
if offensive material was banned from libraries, our society would have eliminated one more problem that is taking away from our good world.
also, she tells her mother that the hibiscus she bought is not a real one and she also says its not like the kind we had before.
maybe if she met him she would have gotten very hurt and be scared of that memory for the rest of her life.
the says that they opened the door to any one who came in and they always shared dinner with family.
when it comes to books in the library we should have sections.
children should be allowed to read books such as , the , and in order to get a taste of how much times have changed.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i feel like to many people spend to much time on the .
some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on them rather than outdoors.
not two miles flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
these are the reasons i think computers can be bad.
and moving the to the back closet.
in conclusion, the mood of this passage is grateful.
a simple solution is talking online to an actual person who lives in .
some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house.
when the old men told him to take a difficult path and did his in tire setting changed for the worst.
elephants live in herds.
it is impossible to please everyone.
when kids see or even hear things like this, they are more likely to try things that we would hope little kids would not try.
i stand by my opinion and believe offensive books, magazines, and movies should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
he was also traveling through the deserts which create an even hotter climate.
they were just writing what they thought went along with the story and some people took offense from the book or magazine.
if someone took the time to make it then we all deserve the right to view it.
but is it their decision to say that some things offend people?
books, movies, music, and magazines are made for people to look at, read, watch.
the truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy.
i do in deed believe that certain material should not be in public libraries, or places where young people can see it.
removing a book from a shelf just puts the craving in the hearts of certain people to read it; sometimes completely rebelliously.
differences in beliefs is what adds variety to the population and what makes a person special; additionally, free thought is a right all people should have.
the major thing that effects him is the lack of water.
the mood is also grateful.
computers let people interact with each other.
i would only go on for a little bit to talk to your friends.
well i am saying you should go on it and search were you want to go.
she is now striving and working toward doing her best to become successful.
my parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers.
this need for the computer can be bad.
as days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems.
for example, a person be offended if a book talks about a certain topic while another person thinks nothing of it and reads on.
to look at and use, would not happen because a person or a small group of people consider it offensive.
the person could go online and search for a picture, which they will surely find.
or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going.
i understand that libraries are a place for all people of all ages, but i do not believe that they should censor what they put on their shelves.
it seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive.
the has enough water in it to flood the earth.
it allows you access to websites that help you talk to new and dd friends.
all men are created equal, right?
the flower is the piece of confidence she needs to feel at home and even pass her drivers test.
another reason we benefit from having computers, is we learn about far away places.
dear , a student i believe that computers have many bad effects on people.
or maybe you just want to know about this country because it interested you.
i know you have read stories that talks about sex and how to do it and all sorts of things.
there are sections in libraries for a reason!
one way communication in computers is my instant.
i acknowledge that i should get outside and meet up with my friends, but sometimes when its raining or snowing i just want to talk to them online.
one essential right that every man, woman, or child should have is the freedom of speech.
the librarian says the book was removed from all public libraries because it was found offensive.
i have a hard time understanding why they do that but i guess they feel they have nothing else better to do.
in my opinion i think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep.
computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world.
being on the for a while is not a waste of time.
for me, it the whenever racism is a problem or else vulgarity is an obscene message.
at many schools, students are asked to write research papers.
computers have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences.
of complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house.
would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about?
this is going to be my first opinion.
then the bell rang.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
so go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something.
the mood of this memoir is being thankful and is presented in all these different ways.
if you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it.
in the , modern day , did just that.
they are more likely to remember better than those who do not read and also have a bigger vocabulary.
the major mood in the memoir is honesty and truthfulness.
it is deserted and he feels dehydrated as well.
the last major group of people that censorship within a school system is the potential readers and students.
but if you do so without first regarding all the angles of them, then you, my friend, have absolutely no standing on the situation.
but the trip he makes changes his mind a lot.
once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer.
students' freedom to read what they desire should be the policy of all schools and libraries
many people like different books, music, movies, and magazines.
games, games are fun when you get bored or do not have nothing to do.
finally the computer is a great place to find information and enlighten yourself.
if i miss something on , it is almost definitely going to be on the computer.
a third reason people should not use computer is because they stop interacting with real people.
anyone, and even i can make observations of the acts going on around us.
is clearly a debilitating factor as is direct sunlight and humidity.
not only is she determined to succeed in her drivers test, but in other things as well.
the only thing the have a some pictures, gossip, facts, and some stories that might peak your interest.
the landscape or features affected the author very negatively due to the lack of water.
she teaches me how to plant and take care of them.
this shows that she is adjusting.
the author of this memoir created a mood about family.
it also helps you do many stuff for your own future: not just to play around with some new friends.
blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can cause you to have a heart attack.
but are all the libraries meeting their requirements?
this is because these games are so absorbing.
he states the sun was beginning to beat down, , the sun was a big factor on the affect on the cyclist.
well, how people do shopping online, there are hundreds, even thousands sites that offer great sales.
also when you learn about something.
would you be okay with kids not having the option typing their homework?
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because he was biking up hills in extreme heat.
also, you communicate with people around the world.
you can even take college online now!
in the novel ' ' censorship is one of the main themes of the story.
see libraries have many things to do.
but it is the reading which brings perfection about the subject of concern.
one major mood in this memoir is love, and loving.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that family is very important.
if you need directions to a place or you want to find out more about a specific person, a computer can help you.
at first, geese flying in the sky was new to her, but now shes use to it.
i enjoyed it.
my grandmother would tell me stories about before they had computers, now my dad works on and he tells me stories about his day.
if you use the computer its bad, but if you use it in moderation then its a little better.
very beautiful sight.
they are not able to have phones and sending a letter can take a long time.
sometimes you see offensive material in movies or books.
one way is that when you are online and you see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click.
bullying can lead to suicide.
people have died because they spent too much time on the without eating and sleeping.
materials should be organized that can easily see if they would be offensive or not.
they had to leave their country, their friends and family, and they had to pretty much start their lives over again.
here is where the fast and reliable internet comes in if you need to know the difference between and , use the search engine .
there is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer.
books, music, movies, and magazines are sold for this purpose.
i think some music should be banned because of the violence and sexual content it describes on the music.
one time i wanted to go on the web and look to see there was a in .
i believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons.
sometimes you simply be curious about something, your computer will be right their for you to use.
some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down.
it has flower plants and fruit trees.
and get dust stick.
so editors, writers, and readers.
the library could get in a lot of trouble.
as a matter of fact, the leading in is no longer cigarettes.
we learn about the things we do in life because the state has requirements that have to be passed.
first off, the libraries could censor they put out on the selves.
many find books boring but it will help in the long .
statistically, the is the most overweight country.
i hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people.
the town he first saw could give him water, but it was all run down and weakened.
reading this made me feel very thankful.
here in , we have the freedom of speech.
censorship is required for every library and i think that all the libraries around do meet their requirements.
so everyone agree with me because you knew i am right.
for example the cyclist says not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
removing offensive books, magazines, music, and movies from the shelves of libraries would just cause more problems and complaints.
for example, you definitely need it in sports or more.
you will agree with me and why i think that.
these are all things you would not like your children to use, see, or do.
also, you can talk to your friends or family over the internet.
my neighbour’s twelve year old son is a cripple.
if she is tempted by something from home, she will not take it because it will make her sad.
been for computers and .
books, magazines, music, and movies make the world and everyday life what it is.
we could not do anything without our dear mother.
the people who spend their day on the computer need to change.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
as he came to the first town, he describes it as a ghost town having no water and no human contact for some time.
his children also live a simple life.
it can be found nearly anywhere.
in the story there are many affects the cyclist deals with.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i have ???
you can find pictures, videos, maps, and much more.
also the tone of which said said this showed hope, she was hopeful and determined that next time around she would certainly pass.
the author chose to end it this way since the paragraph gives a lot of hope to the reader and gives the idea of a second chance.
the men gave the cyclist directions be what they remember when they were younger in age.
but if one is constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature, they should be removed for the good of the people around us.
bad things will always be put in front of you as an obstacle to make the right choice.
all of these, and more give you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away.
without this, we would have no communication with him.
these are only my views on the topic, and also these statements are my opinion.
it makes them think of you dress like this when you get older you can get all the boys too.
i am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society.
the possibility of defeat should not unnerve us.
i would say this because there are different help programs or websites that help people in everyday life.
in opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us.
well at the easy access of internet on a computer, you can buy all those items and more.
so many books would be lost if someone could write because it was offensive.
which leads to, eventually, promote death.
in fact, we are all called to share our ideas.
finally, i believe movies should be uncensored.
what would the world be like if children went around with these things?
these things offend people every day.
what do we find offensive?
but, we you create this you child has to give a parents email address were they have to read the following terms to chose for their child.
the desert climate burrows down upon the cyclist.
would you rather talk on the phone or computer.
this showed that the family was still in the country they were in now but before was good too.
one snows day in , i was assigned a research paper on .
depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want.
the author explains how the house was very comfortable for him.
they show and teach us about history.
would you rather live to or live to .
he read five books and only got a half a page notes for his assignment.
they sit there like lumps.
the idea is simply unfair.
it, in my opinion and experience, corrupts both the mind and soul, and causes man to be things he is not by nature.
the world exposes certain literature to children, and then is shocked when they see children in jails, gangs, and other horrible situations.
this outrageous number of hours the vital the to exercise, therefore allows their bodies to adopt to the habits of the children sleep, eat, computer.
computers help people communicate, but they also take communication away.
also tests such as the blue ribbon test are taken online.
your an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no cursing or violence.
different subjects offend different people.
some people think they should be removed from the shelves, and i am one of them.
it is known that anybody is able to rent books, movies, music, and magazines in libraries.
the author was grateful that the chance to growing up in the .
in addition, computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
it makes her feel more confident.
how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family.
i think that a library should be a nice quiet welcoming.
libraries should not be required to remove books from their shelves.
libraries are very educational.
for example, in the car with the .
by doing this, not all people will be satisfied when not everyone gets what they want.
the mood set by the author is very solemn.
rather if it was to do with people thoughts on religious, race or any other thing that has been offensive to anyone in the past.
they are the future of our country and our world.
i remember having a problem with my laptop and my crush knows everything about them.
parents have the responsibility to monitor their children.
the features of the setting made the cyclists journey even longer and more strenuous.
these days it is very popular.
of obesity is caused by the use of computers.
i like the saying sticks and stones break my bones but words will never hurt because it says if your offended then get over it.
computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made.
people do not like policemen because they think that all policemen are corrupt and dishonest.
i will fly around blue oceans and beautiful mountains.
although there are many works that are meaninglessly violent, brutal and cruel, no book or any other material should be censored.
something that is very offensive to one person not be offensive to someone else, it is all a matter of values and beliefs.
also if your to busy to go to collage or want to take another class there are even schools online.
gives people more information coming from more people.
the author concludes the story with this because its winter now + the flowers are gone, but during that time when she was planting she grew more mature.
dear readers of the , you imagine life without your computer?
already upset about failing her driving test, the main character is upset missing her homeland.
you should not want costumers reading it and feeling disgusted.
magazines these days are even worse.
being lucky for what you have also is a synonym for grateful, meaning that the mood of this memoir was grateful.
to me they are fun because when you are bored you can play games.
there was pushing and pulling.
also people have the advantage of learning about faraway places.
since the computer of tree cutting has stopped.
the first reason they should not remove offensive materials from the library is because you will not make everybody happy by doing that.
as the cyclist recover the first town and realizes it is decreased he is initially amused.
people all over the world use computers for something important, in case of emergency and much more.
he works hard and he loves his works.
(pg ) this shows her getting over her sorrow and becoming determined and looking forward and taking the test again.
but spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels.
games could possibly be very useful when you need to prepare yourself something.
the author ends it like this because she is looking towards the future.
if a person was concerned about a certain material they could ask people or go online to see if it is offensive or not.
if you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives.
first of all, you can learn about places that are around the world in a click.
in the morning nature is at its best.
it can be as simple as riding a bike or taking your dog for a walk.
from what i see and understand i that computers have a positive effect on our lives.
who be the final judge as to what books be banned?
in this cyclist case the environment affected him in many ways, from bumpy roads, ghost towns, and trees.
if we started removing books, movies etc.
computers help people talk online with others.
computers almost anything possible.
so there was several moods in this memoir.
when shielded as a child they would not know what do to if the chances came to them to do drugs or drink.
things like that should not be in a public library.
once he arrived at the first town he noticed that it was an old town and no one was there anymore.
can be offensive to others.
for example, my stepbrother is always on the internet now.
to start on with, technology has a role in the increasing rate of obesity.
further more, not everything that you speculate as bad has to be bad just because you say it so.
on the other hand the computer does have cons.
therefore, computers help us all in some little way and makes life easier and more fun.
not even waste minutes on you phone.
i conclusion using a computer moderately is a lot better then using a lot.
not only the people blood related to your is your family but also friends and anyone close to you.
firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch.
goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness.
the cyclist experienced how the setting of a bike ride can affect him a great deal.
as you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers.
a and , computer systems are the leading cause of a lack of exercise.
they teach you to watch time and act promptly.
sometimes we use books, but the way most people use is online researching.
taking materials off of the shelves would be unfair to all readers.
when she worked at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could use only for her work.
at points the setting mode the author feel depressed and sad and at other times, happy and joyful.
there are also criminals on the computer.
they give you access to an amazing amount of information.
before the computer, a student had to use a type writer to type their papers.
another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information.
i had to argue and prove a point in why i should have , on my .
but it was just right for me.
certain materials are too strong to be put in libraries.
if people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online.
your old enough to be able to handle the content.
he was very out of shape and lazy.
if we start taking offensive books off the self then every body coming in would be taking books off the self.
i hope people do not end up just taking things off the shelf when someone is offended.
if you loose everything what is the one thing your will always have?
some people think that computers take up too much time for the important things.
there are much worse things on television.
children are able to just walk right out with books these days and know one will even think that they just took a book without checking it out.
i am ready to study and work hard to fulfill my dream of flying high among the stars.
it is a really irritating agent, which get people danger up.
the arabian desert and the libyan desert are famous deserts of the world.
well not all magazines are rated , some have inappropriate material in them.
these people brain wash people, convince them to meet, and rape and kill them.
you can just order them.
father asked him what he was doing, because he was just standing there looking at the person behind the counter.
she wants to take the test again change to see if over time things have changed.
for example, when the terrain turned to hills, the cyclist had to struggle to climb the hills which caused him to use more of his energy.
because that is getting away from what the over all message is about.
but so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on warm days and go on the computer there.
when we went to
today, japan is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
no i disagree with this situation because computers are a modern day tech that people use.
i use computers a lot.
no, books, magazines, movies, and music can not be perfect for everyone.
so which one would we have to put censorship on?
i live in melbourne, and basketball is a very popular game in australia.
i feel very strongly about my statement, because everyone in this world is different.
i also think can be had for other to a and.
i believe that reading and the ability to express oneself through the powers of music is a very essential part of our lives.
therefore, you should not ban books because, it demolishes your individuality, and it makes you conform to what other people want.
the paragraph says, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
when is ??
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much.
they are required by some to enjoy a good book.
well if you let me just sum it up for you.
there are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other.
some materials are offensive to some people but not to others.
the computer is fun for everyone.
these are the main points from paragraphs and .
who can erase the horrifying stories of abduction from their memories?
i do not enjoy books that do not have drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories or even some sexuality mainly because books without that are boring.
less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on or .
you can get a baby magazine and it shows a mom breast feeding.
therefore computers need to be used a lot.
you could learn about other places in the world.
then, many words would be gone.
being a fan of her i would either find someone else to model after or do as she does because it cool.
as i mentioned before, when the police officer came to our school he talked about this.
the mood created by the author is happiness and gratefulness.
i was in the library looking for a book.
they are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the .
that smoky blues tune summer time rattled around in the dry honey combs of my deteriorating brain.
for starter, the contents on computers and the internet are too much for people and society.
her tone tells the mood by writing with passion.
that is just one example of how you will always get around listening to what you want to hear.
this is an over whelming feeling because you can die from dehydration.
there is some other things that are bad about computers too for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games for most of the day.
many have it for entertainment purposes.
today there are books on almost any topic anybody could dream of.
furthermore, people can interact with friends over the computer.
during the day, he works very hard.
the thing is computers help us with our everyday life.
they should be in the other room to where you have to have like a id to get in.
these magazines should have a section just for those magazines.
back then people used computers mostly for work.
or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer.
but technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
they give you bad ones to careful when your on a computer.
thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends.
since then he was also called the enlightened one.
the cyclist only has a limited supply of what he needs and riding through there does not help him.
when this failed the cyclist was even less determined.
there are more than six billion people in the world.
one section for kids, one section for teenagers, one section for adults, and one section for middle aged people.
there are some weak boys and girls in my class.
if we took all of these books off the shelves, there would be nothing left to read.
i remember a time when i called my aunt from my cell phone, and it wasted my minutes.
they have poisonous liquid is entered to the wound of it’s victim.
next, this last paragraph can tell you about the whole story.
another problem with the physical environment was the road conditions.
if this were done it would still lead to problems like kids reading the books at the library but never checking hem out.
a child should be able to know the life around them before they grow up and are completely lost.
books, movies, and music have been the main focus of the subject of this controversy.
keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing.
i know that i have made friends over the years that have moved away and that i have lost touch with.
mood is a feeling displayed to the reader through literature.
without this gadget, we could not be able to live the life we have , a life that can get us to where need to be.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
no, is to judge what we see and hear?
but on this one, i must say i agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people.
this supports the mood of the memoir because the author appreciates the fact that his parents gave up so much to make a better life for him.
why i believe is because there are things that are in these items that hurt people in many ways.
the setting of a situation can affect a person both mentally and physically.
just to think that it was all because of one computer.
dear editor, i think that computers are a good thing to have in the house.
when someone something they watch the screen not their hand.
yes, due to the fact that some books are a little above others age of reading.
the mood in this memoir is loving and thankful and calm.
i can connect to this because i had a relative, who admitted that he gained at least five pounds.
the hibiscus also represents something and has a reason for being included in the last paragraph.
the narrator stresses his viewpoint on taking directions from these people since their directions are as poor.
these are some examples of how the describes the mood.
if you want your friends you can just message them.
if computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country.
did you know that libraries contain books, movies, music, magazines, etc.?
this was a huge achievement for the .
they are all offensive because they talk about bad stuff and doing bad stuff or talk about how they live their lives.
trees give us fruits for food and flowers for pleasure.
parents and certain groups should not have the rest of the world be neglected of their choice to view these certain programs and read certain things.
you can type up a page essay if you wish.
money he earned he bought books and learned to read and write.
also he kept going to abandoned buildings.
when you talk about the book , you think what a great book.
there are also articles that everyone should read about, like somebody who saved a whole lot of people on .
they should be spending time with family and friends.
i say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are.
anyone can learn important things.
the mood created by the author was mostly happiness and thankfulness.
the author concluded the story with a confident ending that makes the reader feel satisfied.
while using a computer you can also talk to people.
my grandfather has promised to take me to another museum next time he visits us.
when we would arrive home are parents would ask what we saw, we would lie and say we saw the new movie.
your grade will plummet down you stay on the computer and they trick you.
frequently, during conversations without a computer nearby, the mind is focused on something from earlier that day.
that is what the mood of this memoir was, and in whom created it.
i arrived at the first town.
with a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them.
her mother was very understanding and accepted it.
my second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family.
everybody needs to socialize face to face.
with music, walk, cool friends right in front of us, who has live.
yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool.
when i read, watch, or listen to something, i do not think of how offensive it is to me or somebody else.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move.
you can go to a different store for enjoyment.
so he moves on and finally he re aches life!
this piece makes me think about and appreciate my family, and my home.
post is a very slow and costly service, while the internet is cheaper and quicker!
people interact with people online if the want to.
whether its listening to music, playing games, or talking with friends, you will always have fun on the computer.
it has made our long distance friendship easier and closer.
no the material is held under lock and key, but it is also left to lay at a child high shelf that would seem appealing to them.
more and more people are making less effort to see people in person.
it is a part of the very structure of our country to allow all information to be shared freely.
everyone is faced with choices in life.
you have any interaction websites?
if one person thinks an art piece looks unique, another not see any true beauty.
typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor.
another example is he was deserted.
there in the bushes i could see a herd of deer.
anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer!
if stores take away these items that it is almost like taking away their right to make a choice.
also, by them having there family with them while in made there moods more positive.
people would like to learn about different things.
dear society: computers are perhaps one of the greatest improvements to our societies advancement in knowledge in the past few decades.
they also gave educational games.
after he came to the first town and there was no water, he rode on.
the one advance that has stood out above the rest is the invention of the computer.
therefore, kids act up in homes and at school.
her parents came selflessly, as some immigrants will do, to give their children a better life.
the narration states its a beautiful plant she finally said in sad you got it(no).
he wrote about his great home and family.
in fact, most of the medicines that we use ultimately come to us through trees and vegetation.
all of the books we found were over how bad the slaves were treated back then.
we have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer.
this is an oft-repeated proverb.
drug use , school dropouts , and crime rates our highly because of these same video games children our getting off the shelf.
the most widely used machine is the computer.
he reaches the school before school starts.
the cyclist is alone and there is nothing in sight.
he says throughout the story how thirsty he is and how much he needs to drink some water.
when she saw the flower it reminded her of the times life she would get water from the well and and a flower was floating in it.
there will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they.
but the people caught him.
also you can talk with friends and family on computers.
of the people in the say that a computer has many people think that from a computer.
it was my eighth birthday.
computer help the environment too.
well with taking it off she made of the songs that they did not like.
it prepares a man for the day’s work.
i actually enjoy family parties.
dear newspaper, computers does have some cons but they also have a lot of pros.
it is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email.
the final and most basic way that computers help for organization are document folders.
it is the parents' job to regulate the readings of their children ,but they do not need to regulate the contents of the bookshelf
i think we should have computers because it would help us meet new people, seeing new places, and learn new things.
you can almost search anything on the computer.
according to studies done by the (), people spend over hours a day on the computer.
if the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution.
that gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world.
any one can use them and learn new things at the same time.
be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!
they make our lives easier with their technology.
they promise you and make you believe to get you ideal things for your money.
as the author travels through the desert he is already upset because it is so hot and water is scarce showing how the terrain is a negative influence.
some people become beggars due to their bad conduct and behavior.
little kids about the age of six would be playing rated games, and watching rated movies.
the computer is all about fun, you have millions of websites you can go on.
this was conflicting on how long it took him to get to the next place with water.
it makes it easier to work on projects.
hes tired and has a long way to go.
i know that there are so many things that could offend people.
in some stores they have a magazine section where there are bad stuff that a kid is not allowed to see.
so, essentially, by censoring works in libraries we are holding back the future generations from all that they could be.
being on such sites has taken up time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends and school.
censoring could become a casual thing, and books could be thrown out daily!
in my conclusion, about this article.
i believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc.
what if some one found your favorite book offensive?
i went on the internet in and get all the info that i needed.
what if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get the email!
to me there are just way to many ways for people to get offended.
i believe that we should be allowed to choose which books, shows, or movies we read or watch.
but it is not in their rights to remove it from the view of others who wish to educate themselves on the said matters.
computers are educational but nature is better!
you can send an email to someone and wait for a reply.
the author enjoyed a nice childhood, filled with friends and family, all enjoying the wonders of their home.
after two hours, we finally saw a sign for a nearby restaurant: peanut shade.
the cyclist is dehydrated and is getting worse because he has no protection from the sun.
the author describes the hardships his parents had to go through like adjusting to a colder climate in not getting good jobs.
first reason is that computers help people educate others.
i really astonishing how much education we have gained from using the computer.
this means that even though there was segregation around them, their neighborhood was still friendly.
man can live a happy life only if he plants more trees.
i know that i would.
this can have a very negative affect.
with other materials like books, music, and magazines, there is no way to deny access to people to see or read them.
before instruments, music was just purely voice, but as the centuries went on, music became more advanced.
even education is being influenced by people saying that students can not be taught certain realms of knowledge, but in the long run does this really help people?
of course, anyone can get the notion to do something from anything they read but that is how they interpret it.
students can grab their laptop, and go on their warm and comfortable table bed to chat friends.
the rooms are well-ventilated and well-furnished.
the settings of the cause effected the cyclist in many ways he was not prepared for the route, and the route he took was not biker friendly.
also, they need to enjoy life.
lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job.
so what are you waiting for?
taking away the books students and young adults are interested in is one of the many growing problems contributing to people not wanting to read.
i think computers have become part of our daily life.
there is a lot of material in libraries that should be censored from children.
that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem.
friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person.
their job is to supply the community with books, movies, magazines, etc.
so once again, these negative materials should be abolished everywhere.
all of these can lead to different things like going or.
there all made by mankind, but with a bit of technology.
thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show.
the technological breakthrough of the known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands.
books are good to read.
dear local newspaper, i am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers.
in the he tries out for baseball.
no one every told him.
after some time, the guard blows the whistle and wave the green flag.
kids also get a ton of homework and computers are very important for it.
he works hard to earn his bread.
i talk to family members.
download a free language learning app.
we want to good guys to win.
one can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language.
by stressing this warmth, it meant that it created memories.
so many things that they can do, is run, jog, and go for bike rides.
it help a little, but there are still going to be people who get offended so easily.
reading is very important for kids these days.
when i was in eighth grade, i was with some friends.
that sort of material, however, should have restrictions on who should and should not check them out.
their ears are big and they have a long and powerful trunk.
the author wanted to convey a sense of hope to show the growth of her character, and to show how thing are going to change.
this will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time.
but first i well just discuss the way i disagree with removing offensive things.
all that is doing is giving readers less material to read.
you could even keep in touch with them from .
do you hear the humming of the computer the clicking of the buttons?
if you can read you can do anything , you could be the one to run to whole world one day if you read things right.
the fact that if he stops at all, ever, then a snake could easily bite him and that would be the end of it.
in conclusion, this is why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
does your neighborhood seem to be locking children?
what is offensive to some, not be offensive to others.
many more things that offend people are always going to be there.
this had made the cyclist dehydrated and not think right.
everyone in the house was safe and only one portion of the house was damaged.
so libraries have to have some censorship on there work; there work should be removed so minors wont get the wrong message.
so they should set up an adult section in the library where you have to be or older to enter and a identification card to prove it.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
it would turn out to be a disaster.
they find it out of place or offensive.
i agree that computers have a positive effect.
it is no different with books.
is grateful for what they gave up so cold have a good life.
the shelves would be bare.
his caring and selflessness parents.
the guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk.
that is why bullying is an important issue and computers have bad effects on people.
many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time.
the censorship of that society had gone so far that no one did anything, they just sat at home and watched the television all day.
i think it is important for material such as that to be left so it can looked on upon.
movies and television.
also he had a caring family that did what they could to make his life easier for him.
these three magazines talk about how to be better in bed.
i hope what you read today helps keep books on the shelves and readers happy!
with technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse.
he plays games the time.
the author is trying to give more depth and meaning to the study in this way.
in conclusion people who wish to view certain material should be able to do so as i had previously stated.
we type reports, learn, read online.
but we just cant get the nerve to do it.
i think this a very important skill.
after helping her find the , she ask, ' is this book so important to people?
they are simple things in life, but once gone they are a huge gap missing.
then he kept going and he experienced a fork in the road.
dear , i, agree that computers are benefits society.
now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored.
if the content is too offensive then it should be removed but only under special circumstances.
a while back my family and i were trying to plan a trip to to visit.
computers help people with their job.
works meant to be accessed by the public should not be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are deemed offensive.
i think music is what influences a person the most.
half of uses computer for jobs for money just like my family.
the way, he lived was the mood of his house.
you can also go online and do practice on math, social studies, etc.
some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble.
many of the features of the setting effect the cyclist.
in the story, there are many features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
i soon got chubby and gained about lbs!
everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought what it can do to you?
the appliances our mothers use to cook food work with the help of electricity.
computers have nothing but positive effects on people on society as a whole.
not only racial slurs can offend people, but profanity can make someone disappointed.
also, i have a just coming up and i left my textbook at school, i can just study on my computer.
finally, i have explained to you why having a computer is a good thing.
others play games online.
so that made matters bad.
its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others.
this new , video chat, , etc.
please listen to why i disagree here are some reason why.
a computer is a huge technological advancement with many uses.
another example i could use is my mom she talks to her family in and in other places too.
i have seen people, classmates in particular, that do not desire to read because they feel that a novel has offended them.
well that is my opinion on what i think should happen.
but i believe in both not to stop letting people reading them and for them to stay on market.
i think most people can control themselves, though i believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
second, it would take a lot away from history.
we sat together and had our lunch.
he thought he was seeing things and his vision was distorted.
to sum it up, many things about our lifestyles need to change.
books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and such.
first of all, going on the internet and search sites help you learn and find information on anything you want.
it also can be useful for entertainment.
i would enjoy all my birthdays if i was that person and also my first friend.
it is taking away their life.
i had to go see a shrink to get over those thoughts.
parents need to quit thinking they can get their child to believe there is nothing bad in the world.
the setting is one of the most important elements in a story.
i love traveling.
literature glorifies colour around us.
lastly, the author creates a mood bravery and caring.
the book i am reading now is about a murder of a young girl.
this later resulted in him becoming dehydrated.
when he first started the journey, he was happy and care free and the land had no hills and he flat.
secondly, computers should be part of homes because they allow people to communicate with others world.
later on that boy was caught and punished.
i would not remove !
all of this shows that the setting affected the cyclist on his .
without computers everything would be so much harder.
limit your time to a half hour a day.
we went there by bus.
the sun had just set.
therefor the library should keep material for people of all ages and not just for children.
she is in a new country and just failed her drivers test.
she vows to do so because she has gained faith from the flowers survival and her realization of important memories.
enjoy the nature.
they tame and teach
after reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit.
that make her sad.
because those books, and many others, are very important to us.
if we are at home and we forgot our homework we could look it up online.
now, they choose to surf the web instead.
this way, life with computers will be beneficial after all.
the computer also help you fine the history or book online so you can do your homework or project.
people do still read or listen to it.
the only time he goes on it now is rainy days.
and the best part having family near by.
people have many reasons for owning a computer and one is friends.
another mood created by the author is gratefulness and thankfulness.
soon the fire engine came.
please speak up and explain i would love to hear it.'
there is more than just books at the public library, there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the .
i think we need literature on this because i feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it.
on the internet you can even ask questions, and they will probably be answered.
such as magazines, books, movies, and even music.
for example, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
he gives them healthy food and keeps the stable clean.
they give us so many such good things and yet expect nothing in return.
what would become of an army without discipline?
all of these sites allow you to find family members, friends, and many more.
censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world.
it is always good to discuss with others before we do anything.
a lot of computers are connected to the interact where you can find anything!
more kids would be educated, so less of them would be curious enough to do any of that stuff.
my third and last reason is to be organized.
you can look at the screen without having to look down at your hand to move the mouse.
if that were the case, nearly every book would be out of sight, but not out of mind.
to get a feast of colours we should go to a well kept park.
libraries are for all kinds of people.
you just have to be over to go in that area and with an adult.
do you prefer wealth to health?
ironical conditions for miles on end, just to find some water.
if the book or movie is found offensive to you, pick another, but it should not be removed from the shelf.
you be uncomfortable about that book being sold in countries all over the world, but what if someone feels that same way about your favorite book.
first, the lack of water took a tole on the amount of energy he had to keep going.
in this case, the authors message was to never give up and that people find motivation in simple things.
while cycling, you are in need of clean water.
people need to understand that children are going to have to get their education not only from their teachers,but through these tools.
there on like for eight hours.
computers require you to type, which is a great skill.
for they are very important.
that is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions on what to watch or read for someone else.
i remember my brother was working on his project.
offensive materials can have big effects on children younger than at least ten years of age.
what would appeal to one man might be the subject of ridicule to another.
this child that is telling the story is telling about the happy things in their life.
tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find.
it flew higher and higher.
computers can be used just for fun too.
this is much faster than going in the library and spending an hour looking it up.
they will find out anyways sooner or later.
for example on some computers a business software can be incorporated, allowing a meeting to be help over the computers.
furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be.
i disagree with that opinion.
i remember the time i was having trouble in math, so my teacher gave me this website called a .
he learned a lot and we were all proud.
computer change not only the body, but mind.
and i say that to an extent.
the computers of our time help us with what we do everyday.
your energy is what keeps you moving and motivated.
it comes to be very useful for research projects or even learning another language.
in conclusion, i had agree on the statement and my reasons why was because you wont have fun.
if the reader is mature enough to understand the then the book corresponds with the age of that child.
the mood is happy because it makes you feel the love he felt living with his parents in that home in new jersey.
managing a household is a big responsibility.
last but not least, you can play games on your computer.
without computers we would probably be really bored for the rest of our lives.
newspapers are important pillar in a democracy.
dear news editors, , my name is , and i would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people.
someone never give up and do what he wishes to do.
() this shows the happy times they had together.
lets say that you need to look something up, the thing you always go to for information is a computer.
computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper.
then, his lack of water caused him a dehydrated state.
that is all i have to say for now.
in the story it say when he was riding that he barely noticed that the sun was starting to beat down.
when i found out enough information i would then be able to find the ten year old.
people spend so much time on computers they lose touch with the outside world.
this question could be answered in two very different opinions.
this would be a helpful tool to our society in order to keep up with the world and not miss the latest event.
allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes.
computers are great ways to meet people online so that you stay social and not.
i have given you three reasons on view of censorship in libraries.
yes, i do, because music, movies, etc.
another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run.
most importantly, there is less interacting with friends and family.
so in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects.
each experience is in response to the setting in which it takes place.
so, it is important to spend some time leisurely.
although each side has its own reasons, computers do have a positive effect on people and on society.
it shows that it shows how he is much as close to his family as he is to the others around him.
but i started using my book and started to some of the work on the computer.
thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
when the flat terrain turned to rolling hills, the man was entirely exhausted.
we can inhale fresh air if we have more trees on this earth.
and because writers have the right to illustrate their points through a literal medium, there should never be a limit on these rights.
the library holds books of past and current writers.
some street hawkers carry their wares on a cycle or a hand-cart.
i myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries.
my father was with me all the time.
there five million other people out their who love said book so why ruin for everyone just to make a few people happy.
children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity.
i watched it and about halfway through it i saw my face!
libraries should have whatever they want in the library.
so then i completed project and headed it in to teacher.
she is going to overcome the problem.
taking away computers would drastically impact every day life.
brother is attending college at and since we do not see him often.
we have freedom of speech for a reason.
then came along and made me a somebody.
it is in january.
this made me very unhealthy i gained nine pounds in one week.
the third problem is when he needs water, he cant find anywhere due to the lack of buildings.
family and friends are huge parts of our life.
[he] had been hitting [his] water bottles pretty regularly because of this.
never, will one book bind the world.
one day when my mother work me, i did not feel like getting up.
only until the end of the story does the cyclist run into another human.
the statements given by the ministers, legislators and other politicians are published in the newspapers.
not at all.
helps students do there school work.
without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now.
however, it comes to literature and and art, i think that a variety makes us unique.
little kids like fantasy and picture books, teenagers like romance, and others like nonfiction.
technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life.
the mood is set on this paragraph.
this can help you in sports and give you fast reflexes.
there is , , , punk, &, etc like i said i could go all day on music.
you will never see the world for what it is.
sometimes it is appropriate for offensive language or topics to be written about.
the author concludes the story with a small paragraph that has an extraordinary meaning.
i understand that people do not want there kids to see them or hear them.
i resolved never again to travel by overcrowded bus if i could.
studies show that a paper is faster than writing out.
but some of the explicit material in books and magazines should also be censored before they are distributed on shelves and allowed available for young teenagers and children.
the family loves this plant.
of all, people have a variety of opinions.
for many, this deletes the purpose of going outside.
also anything can be found offensive by one party of people, and so everything be offensive, and removed.
people think, the invention of computer, and the internet is a terrify thing, but truly is terrible time consumer.
another thing is the lifestyle.
well, you be right but also wrong.
in this time i hope you have learned more about the computer and have changed your mind.
in moderation computers are the most useful tool out there.
this affects his mood to pity for himself and anger at the men who put him into the predicament.
unplug yourself from your computer.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being together.
give the book a chance for it have a power that is unrealized.
then seconds the computer said you have a virus.
more and more people are putting down their dictionary to type the word into , where it is accompanied by a pronunciation and found more easily.
once he found some pebble and thought about sucking on them because it helps to slow down dehydration.
the first town the cyclist came to was like a ghost town because there was nobody was there.
dear , i would like to notify your business that computers benefit society.
another effect computers have on kids is that stops them from spending time with family and friends.
the truth is that there is a line that should not be crossed, and some books cross this line, and are banned.
whenever i look in magazines i just skip all of that nonsense they talk about and read the articles about clothes, food, and people.
one obvious reason for this evil is illiteracy, poverty and unemployment.
this means that it was hot and he could pass out from a heat stroke.
if computers did not have such a on people this would not be a problem.
for example, the text states, there was no one in sight, not a building, or structure of any kind.
and physically she will age which will also teach her new things.
after reading, rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit, i noticed that the setting of this adventure affected the narrator.
people from all over the world have many different opinions.
well some features might have more than others and the cyclist might have more than others.
this freedom should apply to books.
so whats my final conclusion?
in conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education.
we were walking down street when a bolt of lighting struck through the trees.
some of the most interesting books that i have ever picked up have been controversial.
computers let you learn more because of the internet.
it is plenty of different reason people come to libraries.
i think that they should throw this book away.
now i will talk about some of the things that computers help out with in life.
i say who cares?
i went to singapore to spend my summer holidays with my uncle.
it was a very good story.
in conclusion, books should not be banned because, it limits our individuality, we have the freedom of press, and because it destroys our future.
when he says this the reader imagines someone in an ???
books are a major factor in expressing the way one feels about a topic from romance to horror.
in the day described.
the finally saw a town that had a bait shop and was able to get water and cool down.
these people are spending like hours tops on the computer.
the pain will always be there.
by using the computer, people are getting less exercise, not enjoying the nature, and not interacting with family or friends.
out of students use the computers to do homework.
also, to conversations are fading.
it also says that as the buds grow so will she.
history is bond to repeat itself right?
the road is in bad condition and must do slower then the speed limit.
some people even believe these things should be taken off the shelves.
it will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers.
is just people that think they are high class and think if you look at that or watch that or read that you are a dirt bag.
to who it concern: you take away books because someone might find them offensive?
it makes you feel like you were there and that you wish your family could be like that.
a lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law.
expresses his gratitude toward them a lot.
people are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk.
why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping?
computers have good things but they can also be bad.
next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family.
but, the author did not write the book to tell everyone about her experience.
songs always have a meaning or a subject the artist sings or raps about.
she will take that drivers test then.
this final paragraph is important because it shows how her life is changing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him dehydrated and hot.
thank you for your time.
the downsides of the internet.
secondly, computers are harmful because they lead to less time being with real people.
even though some of the things they chose might be different then what the public expects.
the surrounding landscape of lonely hills tumbleweeds and snakes does not inspire confidence.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills so he had to pedal harder and would tire him faster.
some can be terrible, and others not so bad.
there are infinite numbers of information in the world and computers help find it.
you have a family?
life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing.
the library is meant to have almost any book someone could think of.
reading is very popular.
when you think of a book do you think happy kids books, or mysterious dark books?
knowledge is just seconds away.
to let the general public check out.
if we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand.
they help with projects and homework, learning new things and communicating with friends.
for most of my childhood i did this and it was very simple.
by family it means how the other immigrants came together as one and helped one and another.
we left the place early next morning.
i do agree that citizens should not spend too much time on the computer, but it still has a totally positive effect on people the world.
these online pages causes people to go on one to connect to their friends.
a person must know that the use of offensive language within literary works rarely is intended to attack the reader, but rather to strongly get a point across.
believes that the less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends.
people face obstacles all the time.
later in life when i have kids i would like them to dream about what they want to do in there life.
these are just some of the many ways computers are helpful.
enjoying nature is another option.
finally, you can chat with someone from around the world if you wanted to!
the constant heat without any breeze was getting to the character.
believing he was going to die, the cyclist got back on his bike.
second, we need computers to do research for school and work.
the common people should have the liberty to check out what ever they please.
you would forget to say hi and how are you to your family.
people are saying that computers have a negative effect on people.
then she would say well was the one who watched the movie.
the library is an important place for the knowledge seeker.
the mood created by the is friendship and love.
after all, computers can be educational, a social networks and fun.
the first reason why i think using a computer is good for people is because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
next i believe that computers benefit society because keeps people organized.
using a mouse is also a good to improve by moving the digital mouse with the one in your hand.
the reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things far.
these types of entertainment should not be aloud to be removed from public or private libraries.
the author creates many woods in this memoir.
there are many different types of books, movies, magazines, and music on the shelves in a library.
he had tumbleweed, a snake and he was dehydrated.
there are lots of things in a .
for example, perhaps a year old is more mature than an year old.
computers are also good for you.
the author is proving that shell go back and shell be ready.
or, would you really want to do that to someone else?
no one would like that.
with the quote in the introduction paragraph, or the one in the question, it was written as a sign of symbolism.
so he starts riding again.
kids even use computers for school and school work.
but if you can' get out of the house you could do something a little different from computers video games.
my first reason is that some people at college are far away from home like my sister and my family talks to her through the computer.
one of his moods is that he is happy.
in conclusion, the setting affected the biker in a very negative way.
to conclude, censorship be a disrespect to individuality, personal beliefs, and the overall joy of reading a good book.
i hope i have convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time.
i think the author concluded the story with that paragraph to show that she is adapting and that she is starting to accept the change.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects that computers have on people is that more and more obese people.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
it would take longer to get it from a computer than an activity.
that their parents swear up and down you cannot understand.
would you really try to prevent your child, friends, and families from using such an amazing invention that helps us every day?
when my grandma pm.
one reason he helps you with your hand eye coordination for example teach you how you look while typing.
for example in the story when he enters the fork in the road it says he found several rusty pumps, and one ramshackle shed.
would you allow them to do so?
its quite easy people to talk with others from anywhere without having to actually see them.
second of , have better things to .
there is noise everywhere.
inside the library, there are rows of tables and chairs.
as you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends.
it can also help learn a lot of things.
another feature of the setting was the heat.
computers are a magnificent tool for new things.
also, talks about how caring her parents were when they opened there doors to family that needed a place to stay until they got back on their feet.
nearly everyone in has a computer, about , and is ruining our country.
this last paragraph seems optimistic talking about the flower blooming and the geese returning which seems like she is starting to accept the change.
not me, i would much rather be with friends outside or having a family picnic at a park or lake.
now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys.
if books were censored, the quality of learning would not be the same.
computers are very important and are life changing.
have them grow up the way they want to grow up.
the railway station presents an interesting scene.
in a nut shell, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with buddies are all positives in the computer.
he was getting more tired as he went along.
i was little i rarely ever went on the computer.
different perspectives come from different people: young, old, parents, and children.
there are few areas of the earth where no rain falls for
most game sites have virtual games that you can play online for !
not everything can be just peachy kin all the time.
the setting easily can affect the cyclist in many ways.
however, you should not ban books because we have the freedom to choose what we read.
your no enjoying nature!
you can research faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe.
he praises the good work done very by them.
how can you consider what is offensive and what is not?
they should do that so they can warn the person who is checking out the material.
computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates.
some people enjoy these strong materials and should be able to find them in their libraries for their pleasure.
on a nice or day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond.
by taking these things away from the youth we are telling them that its not out there, that the world is perfect and there is no wrong.
secondly, the most concern parents have computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people.
i like this because it keeps the bad apples off the self.
readers, imagine a world without computer.
because black people find it offensive?
make sure you go outside and have a great time too!
also most younger kids that go there are always with an adult.
i can mess up your social life with family and friends.
the winter hibiscus is related to her new home but when winter is gone and new hibiscus came they relate to her new home.
if a library takes certain books off of their shelves, then they could be taking away a type of literature that people are interested in.
computers help us with our education.
another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones.
in the final paragraph the winter shows represent hard times in the past, while the spring represents a more optimistic future, and a new beginning.
people are also losing the ability to interact.
dear newspaper , you know that over of own computers?
he could have also been killed by a giant snake.
it shows how she failed and her mom was disappointed but she is not going to quit and take the drivers test again.
they can cause many problems in your life.
computers can also help by talking to people.
concluding that some people die each year of being over weight.
no, of course not, this just means that if something offends someone from their local library, stay away from it.
experiences hard times, but we all must be strong and steadfast as we wait for our time to bloom.
planes will fly near me and i can wave hands to pilot.
technology is advancing and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later.
then readers would demanded that we leave their books alone.
he is dejected and almost ready to admit defeat.
that , uses about the same amount of energy in as regular light bulbs in hours, that light really saving you that much money.
buying books that you would like to read can get expensive.
i had just joined middle school.
the youth of the present will one day be the engineers, doctors, scientists, and moving leaders of the future.
would you let them remove those materials or would you fight for them to stay.
then libraries cease to exist.
then i go to the bathroom.
the technology of a computer is farther than any other item.
he reaches school before us to clean and arrange our classrooms.
have you ever had someone move away and you wanted to keep in touch?
these can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more!
thousands of students just like are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse.
also post and pictures on the internet not always be appropriate.
it informed people of what was going on.
have you ever been assigned a report and wait till the last minute to get it started?
you could live in and email someone in .
this could effect your emotional heath.
the book, titled , was about a girl who went through some troubled times but found her way out of it.
the story i just read was inspiring.
another feature was the heat.
computers could help you get a better future.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
next, he describes his neighborhood.
here, the author is trying to stop for water, but since no one lives in the town any more, he gets none.
recently, , the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work.
in the memoir he say that he would never forget how his parent turned his simple house into a home.
just to make sure you get my point, let us recap.
secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework.
for a school project in i had to research about .
also, your hand movement will get better.
his friends like to play with him.
books about the past help people understand what to do different for the future.
they could also become physically tired if the incline of the hill is to steep.
now if she makes a song that is offensive to me and as well as my friends, then that where i draw the line.
in addition, censoring is the correct thing to do.
others teach how future generations can change the world by simply working hard and doing their best.
but guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family.
libraries or any place else.
for example, you move and not be able to see them again.
so she says that she wants to retake the test.
should i be allowed to remove it from shelves, leaving teenagers without their music, denying artists' freedom of speech, and ultimately, leaving them unemployed?
but there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer.
also the terrain was not good.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the fact of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens in in .
there are many electronics that effect people.
some other notable games are : , of , , , and .
what be historical or even informational to one person it will be offensive to the other and vice versa.
so its pretty much a lazy distraction.
the basis of the authors life has been the lessons that his parents have shown him with their lives.
there is nobody in the world that knows everything, but there are computers that do.
at this point, the cyclist was mad at himself for not just using the map that he had brought with him instead of listening to the locals.
the bumpy roods and hills make him work harder.
i am going to tell you why they should be censored, and what should be censored.
he is enjoying every family moment.
unfortunately, the man lived.
the information provided on the computer can really teach everyone something.
if you find something offensive just keep yourself and your children away from it.
if you know what i mean.
books are used to entertain and even teach readers in certain aspects of life.
most of the time you know what your looking for before you go to the library anyways.
that is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer.
they have censored movies just sitting there.
so i hope that people can someday understand the limit to were something can actually be offending.
what if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow?
the weather could for bad and your sick.
you could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way.
i believe that if it is unsuitable for others does not make it unsuitable for some.
they also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read.
from my experience it did not turn out so good because my mother believed in physical discipline.
when i go to the library i think i would mind is i saw some thing.
how do they learn from computers?
i have never heard of a kid book that is terrible and that should be pulled off the shelf.
some people do not like censored products because they feel it takes away from that particular thing.
depending on the children they should be able to choose what they read, listen to or watch.
every has the choice of what they pick up and listen to or read.
when the kids are grown, they decide for themselves food to eat.
looking back on it, i am surprised i was allowed to check them out at the library.
they did so much for the author.
it is a wonderful thing it really is what makes the world go around.
i would say that the computer is a good effect ion people when used this way.
finally, she is grateful when they are leaving their house.
well singers and writers have found out that pieces containing these topics have sold the most copies.
in these we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous.
so he had to move around it.
there is always a choice of what to do and what not to do.
the mood created by the author is a happy reflective memoir on the family life of the author growing up.
dear local newspaper, the effects computers have an people are not good.
this ending gives hope to the reader and it also tells the reader to practice.
he was the first president of the .
the television is a great gift of modern science.
people think computers cost too much, but you find them for they almost any price range.
the features of a setting can clearly affect people.
now its time to !
i once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology.
think of what not having a censor on the libraries can cause.
i believe that censorship in libraries is wrong.
in this day and age, when is becoming a we need our exercise more.
not only do the schools help students, but also everyday people help as well.
that is why i think computers are helpful.
hello , you think computers are having a great effect on people?
if you want to chat, then you can use or instant messaging.
today kids are so addicted to computers everyday they are on them.
this posts the question is censorship a good thing or is bad?
authors have just the same right as we do.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
this makes it harder for him because he has to do all his work in a scorching summer heat.
bookish knowledge is theoretical.
conflicting works of art such as books, music, and movies, have always been seen in libraries.
these are all websites that have chats where people can communicate.
the flower represents her and her driving test.
that quote showed that the family was hopeful enough that even without knowing about the country they still believed it would bring a better life.
but it is true the opposite way as well.
also less kids are reading.
father was happy, my sister was happy and i was very much happy.
also expressed the importance of family and friends.
they wait for this period impatiently.
she loves to eat carrots.
what is the big issue over censoring movies, disks, books, and magazines.
there is a lot of offensive music too.
this is my say on this topic.
while some think that some books have subjects too racy for readers, others not feel that this is not the case.
my people do not spend much time with family and friends.
everything you need to know is in a computer.
my opinion is that offensive materials should not be removed from libraries.
it puts a lot of strain on the cyclist but he manages.
there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents.
none of the situations in the story in were negative.
every local library or school library should be taking action in doing this for their community.
i want people to get along with each other.
the computer saves money for a lot of us.
usually, this game requires very tall players.
i took a virtual tour of the and the great .
not to mention the computer did quicker and more efficient than a regular human.
so you should watch out because the computer is the only place you can lie.
however on the other side of the library, there were books about children escaping their own world and traveling through time in a magical tree house.
another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their .
there are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way.
talking at libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book your reading or just hangout.
last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers.
it is just hoe our economy is these days.
overall, they have a good effect on the world.
therefore the ending of the story displays the themes.
also computers allow us to us to more info about recent events that have just around the world.
dear , i am writing this letter to inform you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
even though they had to change jobs and take any possible work.
it made the cyclist feel depressed because he was running low on water and could easily dehydrate without it.
now lets go into the wonder world of technology.
these are the reasons as well as more to why censuring in libraries would help the impact of lies to children lessen.
they can lose their job cause your missed work cause your on the computer for doing nothing work cause computer.
one good thing is that you get to talk to people.
we should teach people about them.
after getting his hopes up, he is forced to get back on his bike and carry on.
it takes more energy to pedal up hill so he ends up tiring easily and taking longer than expected.
all these qualities are helpful to prepare us to live as good citizens in society.
parents should want to keep kids far away form certain things that appear offense.
the cyclist got frustrated and angry he was now crossing the desert which was making him tiered and dehydrated.
they are telling you where the parents are from and when they moved here.
the mood also sounds very loving because he loves his parents for moving to .
censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world.
however, these rights are somewhat suppressed in the censorship of media at libraries.
so whats the point?
thanks to computers, i have that opportunity.
if a person is offended by something someone wrote, they should just avoid reading it.
my friend was one of the captives of the computer.
think strongly on the things you do and the way you approach things to get peoples attention.
and instead of searching the places online and what their all about, just go visit them.
it made me shiver with cold all the more.
some beggars begin the name of god.
this point is a simple and logical one.
dear the , your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might be fading.
the author writes.
if we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets.
she felt determined to pass the driving test just like the flower was determined to survive.
he also thanks them for his childhood.
imagine if the library did not have a certain type of novel you enjoyed, would you continue to go?
i personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and have some violence in them.
dear , my name is and i do not no where to start this letter.
researching for a class and making a project.
this in return causes people to have better social skills.
you can also talk to people on them.
computers have all these websites that are full of great information.
first, he described his childhood home.
when he crosses a snake, it suggest even more despair.
the cyclist was dehydrated but kept going to his destination.
why would you ask i do this?
this is why they should limit kids and adults to only hours or less of computer time each day.
would you want to be the person to take away computers?
their are many features that affected the cyclist.
do not let libraries censor books!
everyone has their own opinion, and what might seem offensive to you, be something that someone might want to know about.
why should the government have total control over the are exposed to?
in fact hardly any will.
does it make is right for children to see and want all they want to?
you have online in real life toy call in love.
where going to talk about your you bring on the computer all you would with your family.
if a certain topic is banned for being discovered as a offensive topic then this will result in the thought being banned.
this gives the cyclist his main conflict, the lack of water.
the computer can do many things you can play online games and chat with friends.
when i was a child i picked up on everything.
the features in the setting greatly affected the cyclist on his ride.
they wait and start their reports the day before their reports are due.
for example they can see pictures of men hitting women or kids killing kids and this sets a bad example.
that is how i feel
there is always a good side to every situation.
they could try suicide.
here she is accepting the changes and giving her new home another chance.
if they are exercising who if i am here on the computer.
those who support a trances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
but they did not think of the fatigue or hot sun.
at this point the cyclist has no water and is very dehydrated.
overall, the cyclist suffered a loss of energy on his journey.
this all brings up one of the worlds greatest questions.
cause either way they going to be able to find away to get it.
this statement shows him going down the hill.
another issue libraries have is music and movies.
the books, magazines, and movies that influence people to think differently about themselves need to go away for good.
anybody that is years of age or older could be in there.
one bedroom is using my grandparents and others shared with my mother, father, brother and me.
lastly, computers let you shop online and lead to a better shopping experience.
what do you expect us to do call them?
so take them off the shelves.
i really hope the people make the right choice
if you really wanted to something and you were really curios you could search on !
for example, is an author who has been challenged throughout her entire career.
everyone gets offended.
the average day for children in is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home.
also there are sites that allow you to learn how to use a keyboard, and work electronics like a computer!
if it does, people will see a dramatic change in all of my ideas discussed.
they would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot.
he could have gotten more reliable advice, or had been in a place where the towns were not miles and miles apart.
they are his surrogate grandparents, aunts, uncles cousins and friends.
the computer device is one of the many devices used for communication.
all of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally.
i, personally, can not stand rap music but my sister loves it.
only fun and energized people get out and get active.
this will give her more time to learn & study & hopefully her head will be more focused instead of thinking about her home.
all in all, we can see that censorship could only hope to destroy the system libraries abide by.
hip is one of the most explicit kinds of music and is very offensive to all kinds of religion and some race of people.
internet helps people in meany ways.
there was a big snake in the road.
eat good plain natural food and drink a lot of clean water.
this makes them curious.
which leading to death or jail .
a small closed off room in a library should be sufficient to contain all the books deemed crude.
the reader feels this love when reading the line.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she has faith for a new start.
we also find water in the form of snow.
sometimes these images get to us.
everywhere you go you can find these items.
in conclusion, computer do have a negative affect on people in the long tern.
the features of the environmental setting is affecting the cyclist.
but to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination.
but, some of their family and friends are to lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer.
you should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer.
but, for teenagers now in certain places they have it hard.
he drank all his water, and now he felt desperate.
other people might want to read or watch the material that some people get offended by.
all you do is type in what you need in a search engine and !
from electronics to animals.
it symbolizes that spring brings new life and hope.
children have to learn these things some time in their life and i think the earlier they learn the less trouble it will cause them later in life.
she still needs time for this, as the flowers needs time to plant its roots into the ground.
removing the material might frustrate and offend the author or other readers.
there are cursing, smut and in books that for children should not read.
despite such discomfort, this information should not be hidden from anyone.
the computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics.
the feature of the setting affect the cyclist by one, the conditions of the road were awful.
a lot of people like the books and the movies with profanity in them because it brings out the real in the book.
well i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
the author said that the sense of family had nothing to do with being a blood relative.
this nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in.
the setting in the story had a big effect on the cyclist.
she always tries to keep the house neat and clean.
it also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family.
people also spend way too much time using computers.
there are also many books out there that have a large deal to do with very mature themes.
most of the housewives observe it and they don’t like to kill rats.
its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer.
anybody is entitled to his or her own preference.
although this movie is about historical events, it still needs to be taken off the shelves, in opinion.
they allow you to store information.
that does not mean that we should not provide information on different world religions simply because a person from another religion be offended.
its also showing her ability to conquer obstacles.
everyday, more and more people use computers.
the mood that author has created in this memoir was a happy feeling because this is proud of his culture.
these ways are that he is running out of water, he might become dehydrated and he is unsure of the path he is on.
technology keeps on upgrading.
trees help to prevent soil erosion and floods.
that still does not make it right to remove what i, or others like because it offends another person.
today more than of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer.
so as you can see i support the use of computers, and i feel they are critical to peoples daily lives.
mostly everyone would like to meet people.
it is needed has many advantages.
dear , i believe that computers do have a positive effect on people.
kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all.
he does not pick up, so you walk to your clean, shiny black computer.
children and teens need to be protected from this major threat!
i not agree with all the statements they bring up but they should have a fair chance like anyone else would.
you can rent movies, music, and books at your pleasure as long as you take care of them.
he was hitting his water bottle regularly that is why he needed new water.
high schools require that we learn some foreign language, even if it is only the basics.
honestly some people are more mature than others and grow up faster.
lots of critics say that a computer is not educational.
they love to eat sugarcanes.
another reason that the materials should stay on the shelf is because many people like different things.
could you imagine writing a newspaper a ?
just by using computer.
whenever my mom would get rid of a doll she used to own some of them had eyes that would move.
it allows you to quickly talk a person without waiting, for reply for more than days.
reading is banned in their society, except for comic books and sex magazines.
people get called names all the time.
instant message them, and video chat with them, instead on having to face out money to make long distance calls.
also, to cyclist encounters a ridiculously large snake in the middle of the rode.
the cyclist was given very old directions.
hope after hope arises to the end in turmoil upon turmoil.
many children, and adults too, walk into the library and look among the books until they see a cover or a title that grabs their attention.
i go in my room turn the computer on and there i go to google and look up what i need to know.
yes because what if a year old could find a offensive to have a book that talks about his race in a bad way.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratitude and happiness.
you can talk whenever, wherever, with the great invention of computers.
so after that we pretty much argued the whole time.
she is finally settling into her new life and says that many of the things she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
dear , would you want to do in your spare time?
music does not fall into that category.
i think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info.
i think that computers are useful for many things, but i also think that some people spend too much time on them too.
sometimes the offending nature of a novel is what makes it good.
to finish this letter, i want to say that ) computers allow people to learn. )
these are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do.
you should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there and forgetting all about there work life i did.
as soon as a train arrives, they rush towards it.
kind of information you need you can already have it with a touch of a button.
children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible.
when you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life.
in libraries there are a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
this shows the author is probably very hot.
in this book, a young girl is raped very harshly.
that saying there know one around to help him so if he gets hurt or something.
the reader does not know if she will pass the test next time but assumes that she will because of the way she vows it.
at first, in the cyclists own words, things began well enough.
as one kept her and culture alive through memories, she would continue a successful life and pass her test.
i would have gotten stock in downpour without an umbrella!
the library is not just there for people to take books and other things it also there so that people can have a comfortable place to learn something.
why should it change now?
first, it be a book, movie, or magazine that someone plans on reading, and removing an item will let down the customer.
they could include multiple things that could scar a kid for life.
generally this is not the case.
i have to input that i personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past.
people are not being made to read and watch what offends them.
authors chose their closing paragraphs carefully.
but, he was in the desert no one around, hot, dry, no water, and no shade.
he has to ride up and down small and large hills through what he believes is a shortcut to his destination.
a computer around is easier for school also i remember one time, i had to write a page paper for and it was due the next day.
if not their parents, then the media right?
when i go onto the computer for only minutes my eyes start to water.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclists was effected by the features of the setting.
or what if your computer brakes?
those were the ways how cyclist would be affected by the features of the setting both mentally and physically.
he would talk about how selfless and kind they were.
with that being said, i have come up with, what i believe to be a very good idea on what should be done in libraries.
everyone likes different things, and some others not always agree with what they are going to be interested in
they say that the cons outweigh the pros.
it tells us what was happening in that part of the world.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in more ways than one.
plus you are not being forced to something you ' want to.
a person can find many things in life offensive to their personal views, but they can not just remove them.
for several reasons.
more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals.
they also allow you to do research.
on showing people their recent jobs.
you stay in touch, while enjoying their company.
in the exact same way, censorship keeps people from enjoying the type of music that they love.
instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night?
books are cultural objects and our minds are molded by the books we read.
friends and family are special gifts.
it also shows that she can start a new here just like the hibiscus does at her house.
the essay states.
when you go on the computer, you learn that skill.
but the teens and younger adults like that kind of music and enjoy listening to it.
they can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored.
people make their own choices in life.
but when spring comes, shell be more confident and comfortable because the hibiscus is budding.
also, make sure you know who your friends are.
when the snows melt and the geese return and his hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
well that all.
you should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer.
there were many factors of the setting that negatively and positively affected the cyclist throughout his adventure.
the lack of water almost puts him into a heat stroke as he is determined to leave the desert, riding his bike all alone.
those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer.
as a result the setting was related to the authors moods.
lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying.
if disliking the book is a problem; then put it back.
these are or the many problems computers cause.
the mood created by the author was a very grateful and happy mood in his memoir.
i am , i have been playing in for !
the hills also put a damper on his spirits, which made him have to muster a lot of inner strength and determination to keep going.
that quote also shows togetherness within the family.
some say kids are like sponges.
everyone is different in their own way.
talked about how all sorts of cultures came together as one and were always good friends along the way.
he would get tired out faster.
people spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face.
they believe that things should not be released if they have a bad subject matter.
so in conclusion my ideas where!
after these things come to try and adapt to ways of life.
this is where the offensiveness comes from.
the first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills.
this is extremely dangerous and unfortunately, it does, and has happened.
now if the books are only meant to be seen by adult eyes then, yes by all means remove them.
people think that magazines are very important to the society
the music was always playing and family came a lot.
many people claim that certain books should be allowed on shelves.
i have been in a library a few times in my life.
look for more and just let it let?
during this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends.
an instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved.
people could often be offended by the materials that can be accessed through a public library.
some claim that certain kinds of literature and music contain offensive lyrics or writings, while others, over the same topic, believe the complete opposite.
this is my opinion on computers, i hope you agree.
eventually after reaching a source of running water he is overjoyed with happiness and relief.
they also have teeth.
next you should post this out on you news paper.
i know as a young child when things were not going so well i could always turn to reading to get my mind off of the bad things.
at the end he finds a store which affects him because he gets a cool drink and same supplies which helped him.
people all around the world are trying to teach their kids what to say and what not to say.
so, i have mixed feelings about computers.
communication is one of the greatest things about computers.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
i modeled after her likes and dislikes.
secondly computers make time enjoying nature.
articles and books provide a description, nut nothing really gives the person a solid picture.
secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive.
first, it lets you friends and family.
in , a girl named was kidnapped and taken to .
you name it; they got it.
how does the computer effect people?
dear , since electricity was invented technology has developed at a rapid rate.
i found it very interesting and educational.
our connection with nature was strong.
there could have been people in the world who did agree with his thoughts and would have been interested to read them.
with all of us being different all over the world.
so my point is that you know and i know that their are music out there that is very offensive and some books that are.
, you want your kids & citizens to get fat and lazy?
as you have now seen, my handwriting is not so great, so i end up typing a lot of my homework because of it.
the author uses words such as warm to describe things.
for this reason any genre of music can sit on the shelves at a library.
where can you go wrong with that?
the features of the setting in this story make the ride more difficult for the cyclist.
is grateful that his parents struggled just to make life easier or better for their children.
at every click of your mouse there are new things to learn.
finally people who always play video games on computers begin to lose terms of reality.
there are many possibilities of keeping this kind of reading material away from children.
just like kids they go on the computer to just play games.
the computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up.
this is an example of how stores connect to their customers.
computers are an outrage.
most of the people who do that are the people who are mostly on the computers.
positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use.
the winter is a symbol of the hardships she has and will continue to go through.
you then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard.
this made the trip extra hard and discouraging.
and you hear the crime rates go up.
computers affect all of these areas of our lives.
thanks for taking the time to read this.
they always had there door open for friend and family and most of there friend would go over every night.
he follows the principles of truth, non-violence, and courtesy.
moreover, statistics show that of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day.
for example: , he is a very popular author to many different viewing audiences.
studies show that over of children use computers for some sort of school work.
computers can give us picture of places, you can watch videos, and even see movies for free!
why wait any longer?
in conclusion computers just in the and will cause chaos and destruction.
these are the descriptions of the mood that is created by the author in the memoir.
says about the internet site .
when people read these things they learn about them, and with a little common sense they can understand these things are wrong.
everybody has the right to read whatever they want.
on monday i had two papers-english and mathematics.
this gives the mood of wanting to help someone in need.
then i realized how easy it is for a child to access adult information.
so she is not being pressured into taking it.
you should buy a computer today.
individuals can show care for the disabled children by spending sometimes with them.
she vows to herself that come spring she will be ready to take the test and this time she will pass.
shows or even movies.
give people the full right to read and write whatever it is they want to.
keeping all the materials like books, music, movies, etc is a way to appeal for everyone.
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
they can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground.
take my story for example.
these are all the reasons why she used the last paragraph.
if there ever was a need to really look at something and give another chance this would be the topic right here.
your are many things done and said in this world today that people take offense to.
that is the mood of the memoir throughout the whole passage.
this is where one realizes the important things.
talking with others by computers makes the world go round.
people who love horror movies probably hate comedies.
i have always had a deep passion for music.
students can read and borrow all types of books.
i believe that computers have a baseline effect on people.
also, talked about the great cooking that went on in her house and all of the great music, that still loves today.
not two miles into this section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
some find them more offensive than others.
the speed that you type is improved with practice.
when you look at one same scene for hours you could start to get tired and bored with everything.
the computer saves us time and money to do these things.
well, no, because they think they will get entertain by technology instead of their family.
besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future.
she was so disappointed when she failed her drivers test.
this can help people understand computers.
they provide us wood for fuel.
you can talk with friends, listen to music, play games or do all three at the same time.
have no fear the online textbook is here!
if someone finds it offensive, they should simply not read it
men and women go to public libraries to learn.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show that she needs to adapt to the new country.
some people want to get a high rank or position.
studying is also made easier this way.
there are many types of consumers and it is hard not to offend anyone due to the wide variety of people.
i was doing a water depleting .
as the author of the story goes on her bike trip, the landscape around her becomes less and less welcoming.
also, lastly, it less your hand.
you just have to find a way that benefits you most.
most people today neglect punctuality.
these of into an life because you do enjoying at all.
the mood created by the author in the memoir would be describe happy and thankful.
computers have given us to many part to learn.
when the man reached the first town, which was deserted, energy began depleting because the sun began to come into the picture.
you can also learn about interesting facts or places.
now a world where every country got along because of online friendships.
libraries are filled with books, magazines, music, movies, and many more materials.
ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society.
this whole journey was all mental.
not only are there websites.
dear , this a letter telling you my opinion about computer.
he is also using energy which is making him sweat and drink more water.
i guess it all depends on your view of the situation.
some teachers take some food or tea.
this goes against all our morals.
i know you be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries.
that article also states that since , child obesity has increased by !
we are on the brink of violence and total chaos.
did you know that of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family.
he also talks about how his parents taught him how important family and friends were.
also of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects.
you cannot tell a girl that she needs to be a specific height and a specific weight by a specific time.
computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society.
the moment the book, and the book alone, starts causing problems is the moment anyone should intervene.
to conclude, computers have a positive effect on people.
in my opinion i believe all types of material should be allowed in libraries.
you want this to happen to our country?
the author found a bait shop and got water
the phone is not always an option.
false statement or inaccurate statements in books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy.
here crime is not glorified.
many people who use their computers reducing their metabolism.
i think people should spend more time with their families and their friends then spending it on the computer.
his hope and enjoyment finally returned to him after he saw the sign for the bait.
it would of taken me forever to there, so instead i went online and talked to him.
i am pretty sure that is clear with this audience.
what do you do?
they could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey.
look, if you want to roast computers then by all means, roast away.
think of your family and how much you love them.
usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age and up.
a definite and timely action at that moment is very important.
but you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on computer.
search engines such as , , , and more allows us to research anything we want to know at just the click of the button.
well you can always checks information online, you ever forget!
everyday, the teachers would give an update over his computer.
her family had a good relationship with family and friends.
people wish they could close their eyes and it would all be over.
everyone is going to have their own views and beliefs.
websites made entirely for those interesting a particular culture can also prove helpful.
however within a library there are limits toward what they offer and what you can get.
with only abandoned buildings, if any, water was unavailable, which made the journey more tiring and physically straining.
this can be important if you need to talk to someone that lives far away.
although the hills and road conditions changing the character in the story still gets through his problems with out much worries.
they were all struggling immigrants who had sacrificed a lot.
the man was saved.
at the end, the team with more points wins the game.
that is what i think the mood created by the author was.
but with confidence, determination, and the relief of the success he was able to overcome the obstacles.
people are spending too much time on their computers and are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
it is now or never the decision is in your hand, make the right decision and say no to computers.
if we decided to allow this would there even be books, movies, music, or even magazines for us?
whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature.
no one person has the same thought that the next person does it is impossible
my grandma and i would always go there and find an incredible family movie to watch together.
without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman.
that tried to put a stop to it, but the plan never worked.
those are just some ways and reasons why certain books, movies, music and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
well i have can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes.
authors should be able to write about whatever they choose to write about.
to show that the character has become a part of her new environment.
his father is a doctor.
every book represents some aspect of human life and records it for future generations to avoid previous mistakes.
sometimes life can be so cruel.
while he is doing this he is talking on the computer with his dad who is doing the same.
my teacher gives us homework; every , we have to do are facts about anything you want to write about.
and it can teach you things, too.
anything you could think of is most likely found in a computer.
as you can set computers are an important part our lives.
an art book?
the library is full of many books for all ages.
from the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity.
in a school library yes there should be a limit to what children can and cannot read.
a public library is designed to accompany a vast variety of readers.
he reflect on the irony of his position by saying that his situation should please all sadists reading about it.
schools now do program called .
these words, however, are essential to the setting of the novel.
i mean i find it offensive, but how is everyone else going to see if it is or not, if you take it off the shelf?
if you just sit there moving your hand you are not really burning calories.
also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business.
then the heat got him because there was no shade, no water left, and the sun just beating down on him.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
the author concludes the story with a sentence about retaking her test when the geese are back and the hibiscus is budding because they each represent something else.
so this guy is getting it pretty rough.
her baby sitter became her first friend.
also no one is in sight.
also changed are the plants.
if someone was to limit the mental, literary stimulants that are out in the world, the amount of creativity and individuality decrease.
the computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them.
due to lack of water, this feature really affects the cyclist.
they still be censored if they create too vile of an image, but that is up to the one who watches it.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read.
first, computers help us with every day life.
they publish many advertisements.
, communication is a vital part using computers.
i think the description of the setting enhanced the readers perception of the cyclists journey.
during the story, the author makes references to the daughter having to pass a test.
there were tumbleweeds in his way and large poisons snakes.
the way her gentle grandmother?
then also some offensive material like videos or movie can be very fun and make the movie great to watch.
from slavery to the future, there are movies where i have learned a lot.
story is not about sex, but about feelings of entrapment and the relationships one has with other people.
they do not think before doing a thing.
email is extremely faster than writing a letter.
it usually does it in the morning, when the first rays of the sun appear.
dear , i think computers have a good effect on people and not a bad effect.
in the memoir it talks about making a house a home and a community, your family.
finally, if your doing a report or something formal, you want to look nice, right?
people catch parrots at the young age.
books are much more accurate!
censorship does need to occur in our libraries and i believe it should happen soon.
we read them.
this was true in the censorship of , as well.
next time you are picking out a book, and you find it offensive, think about how other people might want to read it.
your family is important so you need to spend time with them.
they benefit not only the community but the whole world!
well those are my suggestions to you.
every one in the universe finds certain things offensive.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf, then you also have the exact same right and so does everyone else.
it all happened in no time.
going on the computer is much easier.
first of all if you have a computer you meet new people.
every place uses computers they are a big thing.
so i say keep computers here to stay.
finally, computers can save paper by replacing books.
alter playing computer games more and more the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and hit the mouse button is very important.
so think about the decision you are making and will benefit our society or make our society to its knees.
magazines inform us on what new and interesting.
they seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity.
time parents told me we were going to for the day.
to retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things makes to amazing thanks to the computer we have for this information besides books.
if they cannot get what they need at the library where would they go?
i also say that the author feels grateful because the great culture and heritage he has came from.
this kept me very entertained.
there are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day.
they could publish bad things go on ridiculous websites, and watch horrible things.
this shows how close and kind the neighborhood around the house was.
or if the person is eating while being on the computer.
the author talks about the hardship his parents had to endure to give him a better life.
the mood in the story is very homely and happiness.
they have a nice home nice friends and a good and caring family.
the never ending game of shielding this generations teenagers and children is already finished.
you can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear.
then preach his doctrine to laymen.
family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family.
d you know that there is more than radio station?
today, wherever you go, there is technology being used.
as for music and movies i think we have let ourselves go a little too far.
if it were a magazine, they might look at it.
there are many ways the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
if anything the reader might even like the book and check it out.
you not be able to make everyone happy but at least people can be more informed about the books they are reading.
in fact, many employers hire you based on your keyboarding skills, ones one is skilled enough they even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard.
with computers everything is easier.
i am a person who supports the advances in technology and believe computers have a positive effect on people, ran benefit people in many ways.
a very pregnant woman walked in and took offense to my friends eye movements.
i thought this because even though they moved from the place they loved they have one thing that made them feel at home.
they also augment the information i use.
it was amazing that through all this, the cyclist was able to reach a small fishing camp where he is quickly replenished.
now i hope you like the reasons i wrote on why computers are good to have.
also i think if there is bad music it should be taken off the shelves.
some parents do not want their child to hearing or saying things like that.
on sunday he plays tennis with his friends and also teaches me how to play the game.
above all the author clearly shows his love for his parents.
with computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them.
movies and music have rating and kids can not check out offensive materials.
computers do benefit are society.
she would keep trying till she got it right.
first, he got information from the old people.
they teach hand eye coordination.
lastly, the text states, grape and fish camp the sight of this building gave the cyclist hope and happiness for finding a place to get a drink.
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home?
in the memo i mentions how thankful truly is to his parents for giving him a life of family, and happiness, love etc.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
his troubles finally came to an end after getting directions from another man at a fish camp.
i got really mad when i read it so i threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them.
as you can see, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
some say computers are not good because people are not enjoying nature.
this obsession with online games or is not what internet was made for.
this is how people use computers to stay in touch.
its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in.
i went to serve my country.
the mood created by the author is , , and relaxing.
there at one point he says, can feel so cruel.
but to and behold, my sister arrived with her boisterous and rowdy kids for a week.
this can lead them into getting obese.
censorship in libraries are a touchy subject.
most of the libraries are big enough to be sorted into sections.
that is why the mood for this memoir was appreciation
also, she is thankful because she started to realize how hard her mom and dad had to work for the house and put food on the table.
milk is used for making tea and coffee.
computers can be good in many ways but they can not be.
thankfully that man and go online, pick the food that she and the quantity and she can get someone to deliver it.
we have neighbors of all kinds.
i could drop from heat stroke another great quote showing how hot it really is where the cyclist is.
might takes some month to learn, but once a child knows , they will be outside for hours.
this allowed us to email another school.
that is the way life works.
now, of course cooking a turkey will most likely not come across as offensive to someone perusing through their local library, however, think about this.
thank you for your time.
going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people.
computers help people learn and make work easier its a fact.
thin i you for taking so are time reading this.
racism happens in books all the time.
a researcher showed that computers you can chat , i think computers has affects on all!
it was just the other day i sat down to read a book about a musical that i wish to see, and there were nude pictures in it.
also, i remember when my computer broke and i wanted to go on the computer so badly.
by condemning the book, one condemns the author.
if people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life.
i should be free to be able to walk into a library and grab any book i wish.
i firmly believe that this is correct.
in conclusion i believe that is we are bad for society.
and i still feel the same way about the music as i do with books.
there is the fact that you can talk to theme .
i remember one morning, when i was rushing before school, i had no idea what type of outfit to wear.
the libraries being a place to study and learn should have a bus load different things even if some take offensive to it.
taking books off the shelve taking knowledge away from the people.
we would go there and mainly go to the kids section.
but much like the geese returning in the spring, she says she will retake the test.
for thousands of years, written text has been a way to understand and connect with cultures and people through written language.
the hills made the ride slower and harder because of the hills.
learning so much about the place makes me want to visit there someday.
entertainment is dull, and it is hard to receive books for learning.
i talking to people.
going on the computer can also be very addicting.
the spring season will come and new life will be provided to all.
this is why i believe the author ended the story this way.
in the story it says, the terrain changing flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
a library is a place you can go to read, write, and relax.
when i am studying i like to listen to music.
we are all unique in our own ways.
many lazy people like to put things on hold.
for all the reasons above are reasons i think computers are an awesome =) and positive technology, i mean just look at all the reasons.
the setting had everything, to do on how the cyclist had no water and thought he was going to die from heatstroke.
his friend suggested using one at home if he was having trouble, which he tries.
another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things.
it expresses the authors feelings or love, the reader feels it to.
for starters, the newspaper companies use computers to write the paper.
a cyclist was riding through a town and asked for directions.
there are many things in libraries that portray bad images and contain questionable content.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that there is an ongoing debate about the issue stating that not everyone agrees that computers benefit society.
on the internet, that have a list of vacation spots or places that grab your attention to visit.
in the essay a young cyclist takes advice from some elderly man and ends up riding through hot sun and ghost towns not knowing if he would survive.
you can not please everyone, so in that case, censorship will just have to be looked beyond.
i heard one kid used the computer to much that he started to kill people and got shot by a cop.
maybe they were being burned because the looked down upon its story and its fictional stories, but that does not mean it should be banned from the libraries.
people have humiliated others on the internet.
dear newspaper, people should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time.
the internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly.
computers can do all these days.
the author lived in a neighborhood with many different cultures, but they put their backgrounds aside and were able to great friends.
they should only be aloud to put stuff on the shelves.
there are so many different types of reading and music that many people enjoy as a hobby.
there at that time made dehydration a bigger risk.
the library should keep certain books at the library such as the bible and collage books.
i believe that they should not be pulled off of the shelf if they are found to be offensive.
so are businessman benefited by him.
his neighborhood was united and hardworking.
the internet allows research to happen.
the silencing of the voices of authors also stops new ideas from coming in to a society.
this show is an example of what could happen if you become exactly like her.
if someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat.
in the memoir the mood created by the author i think was more of a serious, informative, and uplifting mood.
from their inventory for censorship.
a person believe in something very strongly, and then a book goes and makes fun of it or trashes it in some way.
not to fear super duper computer is here.
now think of how hard you worked to teach your child respect and manners.
the computer does this.
they are all happy because they can be together and have a grate time.
the marvelous things about computers is the speed of them.
no one is forcing them to look at it or use it.
first, in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed.
the and i thought up some great ideas while i was and we think for one week in we are going to live without any electricity!
in conclusion building, playing and jumping (the list could go on) you can enjoy the outdoors.
but today, literature has gone down a new course.
one thing that is important about the computer is the advances in technology caused by it.
a lot of people have classes online.
with some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish.
there are also websites called online databases on the internet.
a lot of people use computers today.
i am going to tell you all of the reasons i think the books should stay on the shelves.
another example was he felt warm because of that.
webcams allow people to talk face to face up close about the new gym they joined.
even so, it is still on the list of suggested college level reads for classes.
i believe that some materials we have in our shelf belongs to basically anybody in the world.
thanks to , slavery became illegal in the .
my parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culture.
basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them.
stories, novels, magazines, or books on tape of any type find their way onto our library shelves, it is then our job to discover them.
likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it shows that she realizes her connection to the hibiscus plant.
first of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have.
your with your family your supposed to spend time with them.
technology has helped many people and still continues to.
if you need to do projects and research, what better way to do them than on a computer.
computers are a benefit to modern day society because they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friend, and provide entertainment.
the computer is also handy when you are going on vacation.
i strongly think that the internet is the number one way of communication between people.
so, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people.
example i have a project in and i have to learn and search about forensic doctor and i search everything on the computer.
the communication globally has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising.
people could also use less fossil.
another reason is, i go to the library i expect to get the book that i want to read not what others like.
they resemble the earth and are aptly called ?terrestrial planets?.
with more miles to go,the cyclist starts to loose hope of making it to his destination alive.
when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know.
therefore, it is better to have good health.
i will take that test again.
without the setting he would not have been in such a serious but luckily in the end the setting helped him be determined enough to make it.
they remind the cyclist he is completely alone in a vast stretch of sand and rocks.
then, we as people will wonder what will be left of us.
this all happened because he listened to the old guys.
for movies there are many different types.
there is not one movie, book, or magazine where everyone will approve of it.
censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left.
the freedom of speech, and religion, and even what type of movies you want to watch.
this has also helped us in wars.
all these features combine together to make the situation worse.
the computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it.
in conclusion, these are only a few ways that computers effects people.
computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things.
people are able to send files, ship & even order online.
they found two boxes in the adjacent park.
if we decide to take one book off of the shelf, then so will everyone else and the book shelf will be almost empty.
people like to go there to read book, get on the computers, and do activities with their families.
the setting in do not posted speed limits affects the mood of the cyclist in that every time the setting changes the mood of the cyclist changes.
well that is not all true.
many people have to read almost every day, people not realize it but they do.
disturbing materials are only going to bring a negative effect on these minors.
over of have old friends of family out of the state that they would still like to keep in touch with.
since libraries have many different kinds of magazines, books, and movies, it is not always a safe place to just let your child roam around.
many books that be found offensive are historical.
the computer give some one motivation.
all materials are written by someone with an opinion so by taking their books off the shelf, we are taking their freedom of speech away.
exercise is important people let that bobby.
in the reading it says, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
these ratings help censor things to a certain extent.
this vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much.
as the seasons went by she discovered the similarities.
if i feel i should read books that others find offensive then, why does that concern you?
the authors setting described a difficult terrain and harsh weather for bike riding.
i believe that the technology of computers have a positive effect on people.
you both get to choose what books you read, what movies you watch, and what music you listen to.
they can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family and receive news about what is happening around the world.
i understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
do your rights end where mine begin?
it is up to you whether or not you should read a certain book.
spring is also filled with fresh air and gives me inspiration to do good.
in conclusion, if there are books, music, movies, or magazines that offend you, simply do not check them out.
computers today are much different from computers back then.
well i think the mood of the story is great.
computers are one of the great inventions we have.
computers are a good thing to have because you can learn information.
if you ever wanted to go bowling but you never had the time you could play a game online.
this is wrong to do.
helps you understand what the reader is feeling upon someone or thing.
we are very thin because what we do almost every .
also, the computer has mainly improved methods of.
go to your computers right now & learn some things!
he was smiling and his legs were strong.
someone out there in this world will appreciate that material and want to share it with others.
to find information everybody uses either google or ask and many more.
they have no knowledge of this part of life, so what happens when they get in the real world and grow up?
secondly, you can search the web for research.
this mood is great and shows anyone can be happy.
and i want on .
despite some people that think the advent of computer has affected communication.
he explains how much he appreciates the love and care given to him by his family.
i believe that books are too important to throw out just because they contain a few vulgar words or images.
this material can create a very ambitious young child.
this happen by letting the computer be your constant companion.
we are the and parents.
also, if you are a parent that has children they always need help.
, computers are a problem to our health.
the harder the terrain, the harder for the cyclist.
these people tend to not go outside at all and stay home.
computers are only important for school, but also in the work place.
i had to go to the to get it.
it is very important to always be prepared with enough food and water to sustain yourself through an event such as being last.
, of people use computers for many different types of things.
the sons and daughters are always quarreling among themselves.
it would be very helpful to so many people!
which will be bring yo my next topic.
he found out that kids all over the the country were learning about what had happened to his ancestors and that the defeated the .
should find the good in computers and they could do for there.
it is very hard to keep up!
to whom it concern: i think computers have a great effect on people.
also now most governments are networked with files on computers.
i believe they be correct.
computers are also a massive social network.
litter kids would be like use to interact with some friends.
one way the features of the setting affects the cyclist is that the mountains make the cyclist more tired.
it is necessary to solve the problem of overpopulation.
i think also, if a young child or teenager cant see, read or hear those types of things than they should not be in there period
so i went online on and we got the directions from there and we printed them out and we found the place in minutes.
to we them because of that addicting computer.
it just depends on how society feels about the whole situation.
also, i feel the libraries should rid of books that, in olden times, would have been a shame to read.
some of my friends to have started enjoying a reading book as much as i do.
for projects, such as for school, it would depend upon the librarian to censor the book to a child.
i personally have to log into the computer to type an essay for a class at least twice a week and some even more.
you have to be of age in order to take some of the readings home.
these ideas and quotes show the features of the setting of the cyclist.
censorship in libraries differ in certain areas.
i thought that they were good ideas though.
say that you need to research the periodic table and write down facts as well as all the elements.
should be removed from a shelf due to content.
so it really all depends upon the use of the book and the maturity of the person who is renting it.
their family ).
here are my points to consider.
furthermore, when a kid comes across a very offensive book it could hurt there feelings.
many people take this as a serious thing.
maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to.
to each person that finds the material offensive, there are always ten people who do not find it offensive at all.
this is my first reason why we should spend less time on the computer.
books, music, movies and magazines are all mad to interest people and what they enjoy reading.
it is also an easy way to purchase items.
so, to the , computers help our society thrive.
all they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were for, and it would come up on the screen.
in conclusion, computers are very beneficial to us.
as you can see, computers also help students education and just our everyday life.
the internet is a bad thing to get hooked on.
going outside and getting fresh air.
because it was hot, and empty, he was more thirsty so therefore the setting affected the cyclist.
just think you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored out you mind and have no thing to do.
you can ask question and get an instant reply.
if libraries censorship books and everything else on the shelves there would be nothing left for children at the libraries.
there immune system making the risk of getting sick greater.
when the part we live faces the sun, it is daytime for us.
imagine my joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
computers are also fun for kids because you can play a lot of games on bring.
the people who are addicted to computer are missing out an doing something fun with some they lose or enjoy to be around.
i will admit i too use my computer quite a bit but at least i budget my time so i can also go outside and play a while.
he encountered rolling hills that took a lot of energy to ride up.
in any case, a more effective solution must exist today.
not just this was terrain hard to move around on but the path was thickest.
last a good way to protect this country.
every-one likes to drink orange juice.
with all the new computer going on sale and new appliances coming no one knows when it will stop.
internet websites can gives you pictures uploads almost every week.
if not everybody would get bored of the same books.
as you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers.
now the question comes, what if its the best book or movie up there?
the overall mood to this memoir was , that the family gets to share so many great, and fun moments together.
it can help us on our homework.
are students in grade with a grade reading level.
books should be required to have an age appropriate rating on them.
for example the text states when they come back, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding.
for instance these games consisted of violence, sex, drugs, and foul language.
like i said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful.
this is because it would not help with people being educated on events that happened, and people would not be reading any books in school.
they give us the ability to learn about things.
in the middle of no where that is a problem.
i think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in library.
people are getting no exercise due to computers.
in the , citizens have the freedom of speech.
my sister went to the kitchen and tried to some work.
in paragraph nothing really happens so there is no real feeling.
we could do tests on computers.
well you not but someone else somewhere is trying to take that out of the libraries because they have a negative opinion about it but is that fair?
it would make you anxious to read it.
if you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life.
it can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work.
people lose jobs over computers.
people were happy with the word change, but others felt that by censoring the word they were taking away a very vital part of the story.
dear newspaper , look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people.
those who are glued to their computer screens are no better.
there are tons of books in the library that people find offensive to young readers today.
one of them was he hills the it was a problem because it used most of his energy and slowed him down.
the author stated, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you need times in life.
they are very helpful in many ways.
i prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative.
he keeps a small stick in his hand.
so she then gets hope from it.
information, put them in order, and give them to us when we need them.
yes you can learn thinks by the computer but you can also learn by doing it yourself.
this is why materials such as books, magazines, etc.
maybe and maybe not.
the computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report.
imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles away from you, while still being a kid in , or set in your exercise adventure.
one person can learn so much with a computer.
but, most of all, there are so many cool things you can do on a computer.
this is hinting at the fact that maybe this town he is going to be abandoned or not used.
radio gives us news, information, and entertainment.
all we know is, when the snow melts, and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take the test again.
i do, however, agree with some censorship.
dear , , everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives .
we need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching.
the setting and the features affected him not only physically, but mentally as well.
all these ways of communicating with people around the world are very beneficial to many people, especially those with family or friends living in another town.
if the movie you watch is more towards the section then it will have more offensive language and violent scenes.
the mood created by this memoir is a relaxed caring kind of mood.
my mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: .
i do believe that certain materials should be taken of the shelves if they are found offensive.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
or if your on a business trip away from home, you can check upon your family.
take it down!
need to go outside more and be active.
this would mainly be because you would only have one point of view, the point of view that is perfect for everybody.
right, she is meaning that we have a choice of what our children would like to see.
lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research.
dear newspaper, i think computers are a good effect in our lives.
i honestly think all they all should be put in different sections of the library by age.
the large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers.
meanwhile, whether or not i prefer or differ readings of all types, i despise of any negative books.
many schools call these books, magazines, and movies, '.'
i found all i needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project.
this would be bad for all children.
second is the music.
because its hot, and hes tired, he begins to see mirages that affect him.
while your fingers know what to do.
they also can get information about what they are studying quickly and more efficiently.
so i think it just depends on what kind of stuff people like, everyone likes something different.
also people play to many video games on the computer too.
a book not read as well never have been written.
but in truth, your children will find out about in the real world eventually anyway.
the hibiscus would be in bloom again too to provide her with hope.
the hibiscus is a plant that thrives in warm, tropical climates.
they have censored books in the libraries just sitting there like its a book about or something.
computers just make you break away from your family and friends because your worrying whats happening on the internet.
every mind that is among the world is extremely different, just as every book is.
the feeling in this article when it talks about family is love, peace, happiness, and gratefulness.
before you bring books off the shelves, you should ask and write down what other people like instead of doing what you think is right.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist for a few reasons.
now, when family or friends.
not only the students but teachers too.
so as you can see contacting people through internet is by many people in our world today.
then there is face book, lets you see what people are doing that day.
i hope that this essay will give the protesters a second thought on the topic they are bickering about.
over all, the mood is loving, happy, and caring.
this is why heat, dessert, and humidity all are things that affect the cyclist as he is on a journey.
all these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people.
if libraries wanted to censor what they put out not everyone would get to read, listen, and watch what they wanted.
he then came upon that has do and abandoned.
when i listened to music or watched movies, i got the same ideas as other kids my age and younger.
this could be a curfew, fake elections, or censorship.
by using webcams, you can speak with someone across the world without having to worry about the expensive costs of flights!
he is led away from the steady road as a result of taking mislead advice from an old group of individuals.
newly explain, now they not online and got so close they !
our government also realized the importance of trees.
public schools have libraries in them also, and i would not want a child reading a or book with bad or offensive things in it.
the setting of this place effects the cyclist very much.
because it shows the entire theme of the story.
most important person in our country.
if its cold you need a jacket.
dear , you think computers are bad for society.
creativity is a large part of life, and without it, we would all be the same.
yes it could have bad words or beliefs, but it could help someone.
she was a test to her ability to function in her new country and she failed.
computers have helped advance medicine as well.
that choice is up to not to read the magazine, not to the librarian.
what kind of influence is that on the children.
he prepares his lessons.
this online predator smoothly invited her to the mall, where they moved.
materials at libraries should not be censored because the materials allowed at the libraries would decrease.
when i get older and have children, i believe that the library should be a kid friendly place.
first, i believe that if this policy were to be in effect in libraries, there would not be many books left on the shelf.
any music store you walk into, you can find bands that bash the ideas of religion, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditating music.
we live in a world today where education is everything, and we think that everyone should have an education.
for me to do as my teacher asked i had to go to a public library and get the book.
he tried to publish it, but did not succeed because his work was considered offensive.
but how does the computer?
i say we just let it be, and let people be happy
the person might have to live the lesson to learn it.
do you know how many others face the same problem?
computer can anybody who uses it.
i chucked, checked my water supply and moved on.
first off, computers have caused the world a decrease in exercise.
mothers do not want to go get their child out of jail from doing something that was just like the song they like to listen to.
he had to stick pebbles in his mouth because he heard that they take away your dehydration.
censorship in the world is getting worse everyday.
there are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens.
he read the passage, and his eyes went wide.
staying on the computer does not help the situation.
on our way to the museum, he told me stories of the kings and queens of our country.
by doing this he expects a better harvest.
then you have to stay up later to finish.
this could cause him to drink plenty of water and almost lose all of his water supply.
censorship, or ?
therefore it was not removed.
lastly computers let us talk to other people online.
we need to break those habits of going back to the computer.
of the population of said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen.
one of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnaps.
first of all, the libraries will lose customers.
so why not take the risk?
it can contribute to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and can take away from your social life.
this reminds me of the time when are of my idols died.
computers are very helpful and they are easy to use.
and which is for all age groups.
they do not communicate as much with the rest of the household and that does not make a big, happy family.
after all it is a public place where anyone can go to read in peace.
only if they are doing what the parent says.
some of the towns he was told of which turned out to be deserted, and as he could not find water there he soon because dehydrated.
these things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer.
computers can give many chances for exploring education.
however i think people used computers the most for communication.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph, because it expresses the meaning of the story.
the mood is both grateful and happy.
when someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much are they really getting?
the reason why i would have a low tolerance of the censorship is because different people like different things.
a library helps many people of all ages be able to choose whatever they are interested in.
these wonderful books also share another characteristic, they have all been banned from certain libraries across the country and around the world.
its neck and body are covered with bright blue feathers.
but not all medias are good.
in conclusion, computers have an effect on people.
that would be sad and you would want them to see the movie or book you did but they cant.
things would be completely different if people would watch what they put in stuff.
the feeling could be described as homey.
is there really one person who could make a such a choice for everyone?
this takes a community that is very close to be able to do something like this.
they allow people to talk online.
my six hundred dollar computer crashed!
then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us preoccupied.
all those statements help backup why the author might leave such powerful paragraph for last.
all they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later.
even in a car the desert can be a very despairing place.
computers it the more advanced technology so its the people is using it.
also, computers can make things easier like typing.
he is very polite.
talking about girls in disrespectful ways in music can offend girls and listeners.
computers are very important to society.
the mood that the created in the memoir is .
books that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
while she stares at the hibiscus then the geese flying in the air, she thinks that she does have a chance in passing the test.
please consider the following about why it will be more beneficial people do not spend as much time on computers.
if there are materials that adults do not want their children to see, they not be comfortable having their child there.
that is what has come down to computers.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
no i do not.
also they should be able to do this and not learn how to be offensive to others.
for example, my family owns four computers.
some argue that certain material be offensive to other groups of people, but who is it to judge how another feels.
and if the people are uneducated on the issue of rape, how will it ever stop?
where would we be in the world if no one encouraged or pushed someone else to do what they wanted?
the internet is great also because with the internet, you can learn of foreign nations.
history books about slavery and war were burned because others found the topics offending.
there are people out there who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to health.
you would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is keep our world spinning.
in this memoir it talks about what the true meaning of selflessness and a home really is.
when you can talk to people from around the world.
and last but not least.
makes the story happy by saying how great it was to grow up with his family.
in fact, about of computer say that over a using a computer.
other people might see it the other way and they can.
could it be language, graphic scenes, or parts that are just extremely scary?
computers have made information a breeze and everyone loves how simple it is!
she was very offended.
sundays generally have a fixed routine for the tv programs.
moving along, i want to talk about how you can get information in a instant with computers.
there was an abandoned .
this is a powerful sentence that demonstrates themes in the story.
there were no people around to help him, but there was a snake.
i think computers help people develop better social skills.
one positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate.
obesity is a huge problem in , five out of every ten are either overweight or obese.
if you put bad things in your mind that is all you will begin to think about and it will become a part of your life
as editor of the newspaper, you have the power to inform people about situations.
people who work at about need the computer to access your account to get your money.
even if it is offensive to some people.
there is a great rush at the doors of the compartments.
i think they are good because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting and they help people learn about things around the world.
the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, which affected the cyclist speed and energy to finish his trip.
these websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily.
if you said no i can tell you how.
in paragraph lines .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
but they can go online and take classes on their free time.
for example you could ride a bike play games or just fool around with friends.
basically, his first everything was done there.
but with all this technology we still need to find a balance.
people can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours.
this reminds me of when recently i had a report to do on and all needed was my computer.
this is very urgent situation so please be aware.
first the climate was a recipe for a disaster.
ten minutes on computer searching the laws in could have kept her in .
no items should not be removed from shelves if they offend people but conditions should be enforced.
libraries have the absolute best resources a place could have or ever wanted.
although there are many new methods of communication nowadays, the post office is still very important.
this game develops team spirit.
most movies, magazines, music, and books are considered offensive to at least one person in this world.
the end, when he is revived with water he almost looks back on the journey comically.
the computer will keep you updated on what is happening there everyday.
the outcome of this story and the climbers was determined by their setting.
i read book almost on all subjects.
this will help explain things in a way they can understand it.
it shows this in throughout the whole thing.
to start with, the terrain of the road turned from flat bumpy which caused the cyclist to have an easy trip.
music can define a person.
he was going two.
i do not think we should deny anyone that freedom.
i think as long as its blocked off into a different room, everyone will be fine and it will cause no harm
but we can’t live without water.
the media is destroying our youth!
as you can clearly see, computers have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages.
the use of computers, and the alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on talk to people faraway, and express ourselves.
things like that i think put a bad influence on younger teens.
my second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades!
college is important because it has a big role in our life so we earn great jobs.
i have to study hard to become a doctor.
why change that now?
these examples show the change of setting on the cyclists trip and how it affected her.
so he was out of water and was going to be thirsty.
in conclusion i think people should spend more time exercising, hanging out with family and friends and reading instead of being on computers.
in this story the feeling on nothing and the desert around him and the heat gave him no hope.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills this characteristic is a setting, like the others, negatively affects the cyclist by making his journey harder.
i mean the ones that talk about school or some random story that some stranger wrote and it just happened to show up in the school libraries.
when he does find a town, with water, the setting to relieving and better for him because he find water.
it will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner.
on the computer there are many ways you can communicate with other people.
does censorship solve any problems?
there are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills.
that shows the caring, thoughtful tone the author had as he remembered fondly about his past.
in the end, the choice is really up to you.
she is using this time now to prepare for the next time she is going to take the driving test.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a good mood.
best of all, you will be able to talk to your friend and family online.
what do they do?
dear local newspaper, i think computers are great sources.
almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time.
students are smarter than many people give them credit for.
library is a good source for reading books, listening to music, or watching a movie.
in the story all the memories of her old country encouraged her to be strong.
i hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live.
everything around her is different and new.
hes excited and ready to take on the adventure of a new path.
lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people.
he writes, i noticed the terrain changing.
next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
i believe computers allow people, like myself, to learn.
so now you know that libraries are very strict.
i will be telling you about how i think computers are great.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she has a better state of mind because she found a flower that reminds her of homeland.
everyday millions of people are on the computer for hours straight.
some books are offensive to some people.
the aridity of the climate would cause the author to have to struggle against himself and the conditions around him.
you can play all types of different games and get pictures and its is good to do your homework.
the weather land and surrounding objects really determined the cyclists mood and ability.
from one reader to another, taking the on what we read is the real solution.
study show that an average spends in total hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it.
on any of those sites you interact with people.
cures for different disease like cancer can be found.
as far as music and tapes go no i do not think that those types should be removed.
so as you can tell, computers make a strong, positive impact on society.
books that fourth graders read that have bad words in them.
i think that many would agree to this if it was proposed .
yes, if libraries or stores find anything offensive on their racks, then they need to censor it before it corrupts any more minds
the computer made for storing information and learning.
however, i think there should be a line drawn about what is too graphic to be displayed at a public library.
in addition, computers are a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
talking to people over the computer is nowhere near close to talking to someone face to face.
they have to go jump to come another day.
it causes there to be a lift between family members.
we can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer.
furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online.
in my opinion, i believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too.
its their business and they decide what materials stay and which ones go.
many people find this movie funny and entertaining.
first, kids might have problems online and to keep the problem to get worst.
one of them will be about exercising.
if everyone could remove a book that offended them, there would be no books left.
my second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people.
computers help us see the unseen.
also, using a computer makes your projects easier because fixes your mistakes, and finds everything you need.
movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship.
explicit material should be removed if it is found offensive.
are people today spending to much time on computers.
and you can watch live sports games from your computer.
can we turn our back on what our forefathers knew we had the right to?
kids are always going to look up to other people so what they see you do they will try to do it.
do not take the books off the shelf, maybe one day it will signify what the world used to be
today you just have to go onto and type it out.
we can see things we would be seeing we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home.
i was a little afraid.
also, depending on how long you are on the computer for.
first, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together.
each day, more kids are getting addicted to the computer.
while he was biking he had to go up crippling hills.
the cyclist was running out of water and now thought he was going to die because everything was deserted.
this means that you have to practice more to get better in typing.
the author includes it to summarize the story theme of adopting to change.
everyone should have a because you can play any types of game.
taking away all offensive books would do away with a large portion of books available in libraries.
later on they feel guilty.
people who use computers often spend less time exercising.
but i can understand the other side of the issue.
i hope you agree with me.
some people like country and some people like alternative.
to begin, the internet (provided with most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us.
things would be so much better.
it allows us to type essays and projects.
everything started out fine until he reached the second town.
ten this essay, old men give the cyclist direction, and instead of using a map, he takes their advice.
some driving schools even make their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the open road.
suppose, one is participating in a horse race.
one person love a book and another person hate it.
there are kids who play them so much, all they think about is killing, guns, and war.
when my grandparents went to school, they had no idea what a computer was.
as you can see this is why i believe it is positive.
avoid cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and tobacco.
there are many sick people in the world, and many of them use the internet to find people.
my second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education.
the cyclist only packed enough water for the intended trip.
is the censorship in libraries really necessary?
and it worked, i got a much better grade then i did on the one i guessed on.
it protects its master’s property as its own.
she soon found out that it was something she wanted to learn more about.
computers could also be used for good things.
in almost all of books someone be able to find something offensive to them or to someone else.
using computers, people can gather data from others and create new inventions to help the world.
what we learn outside of school is up to your parents based on what they believe.
in conclusion, computers are useful for things and these are just a few examples.
there has been a problem with censorship in libraries recently.
in a recent study, over of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them.
they are good because you can learn things educational.
weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful.
he is clever at studies.
many people, a days work at home, they have their own office.
the innocence of the youth today is slowly being destroyed by the subliminal messages found in music, magazines, and movies.
we use computers in life.
without even leaving your house.
if we need communication we have phones.
censorship in libraries in my opinion is a good thing.
not everyone has to listen to rap, nor do they have to listen to opera.
well its the same thing when people want to censor the libraries.
i think that people exercising more, and spend time with family and friends.
this affected him by filling him with despair and hopelessness, causing him to push more and more to reach water.
mother has also censored music by glancing through music player and every so often, playing a song or two.
music is made for the enjoyment of the people.
the people that are checking them out should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the contents offensive.
computers have none of that.
i feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid line.
dear local newspaper, a place where they are all on computers all day long, everyday.
he even at one point felt that he might die.
she has to adjust and adapt to the situation that she is in.
and by hitting the key you want you are learning this.
there is and like i said before you can even chat on social networking sites.
shop owners should be able to sell whatever they want in order to make a living.
therefore, i do not think it would be wise to take away music from libraries.
dear newspaper readers, computers have really change the way people use technology.
one example is flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
if someone has just been rushed to the hospital for an emergency, computers will be used to monitor that person.
so after that, i think that censorship should be allowed at high schools.
you can also talk to your friends on those websites to.
children that are not in school or in the early stages of school.
even nature suffered from the advent of computers.
the children were enjoying rides on the merry-go-round.
for one you cannot run very long, you become weak, and for kids you stop growing.
overall i think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive
a person can get offended anywhere not just by a certain magazine or some music style.
for example, say you need to having to wait days for the mail.
offensive is a relative word.
what if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it.
basically, there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything, so allow the authors to share those opinions.
there is no point in removing any material from libraries because you would accomplish nothing.
when the flower buds again it would be the right time to take her drivers test.
these offensive items can not just be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them.
the material is not serious enough.
i felt scared as i was alone.
i do think in some cases then they should have to say why they want that certain material just to determine it is for all the right reasons.
one of the first errors his makes is take advice from people that have no clue of where there are at.
when you go to the library, what kind of books do you look for?
at a local library you can find hundreds of books, all of different matter, a different style and of different stories.
some readers who read such things can turn those words into action.
advances in cellular device has also kept families farmer & farmer apart.
i go to the park.
one cyclist was coming in the opposite direction.
they want to because they are inappropriate, but the thing is, they are not inappropriate to everyone.
you can explore any place you want with the click of a button.
some students make the best use of this period.
they say they practice hand eye coordination, they can teach you about far away places and you can talk with people online.
books are vital to learning things.
often we go to the library searching for a good book or magazine to read without actually knowing what books are available.
she said this because she was comparing her test to the hibiscus.
what can you do to change?
another reason why i believe books should not be censored is because without offensive books, we would never learn from terrible mistakes.
shes trapped because the area is alien to her and she has to adjust.
lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map.
therefore, i do not believe that certain materials that are found offensive to some people should be removed.
we use search engines for everything, everyday.
if there was though, they should just make an alternative section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people think should be put there.
these games can teach us many skills.
libraries offer a variety of materials and this allows people to choose what they want based on their interests.
first of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run.
i remember a time when i wanted to by something a store all the way in i went online at home and bought there!
but tv has a lot of disadvantages too.
finally, there is a warmth that contributes heavily to the mood of the memoir.
this is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their children.
in the other hand if we removed a certain type of books, people would get mad and not come to the library.
you see, there are many things you can do other than going on the computer.
they fine begging easier and more profitable.
that is why the parents should be in charge of what their children read.
on the computer we have popular websites like , , and .
the author creates a comforting mood because he talks about his home, his family, and what he grew up with.
all low lying areas had knee deep water.
i hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers.
libraries hold all different kinds of materials about any subject you could think of.
i say this because, in every situation, either one side benefits, both sides benefit, or neither side benefits.
which leads me to my next argument in if we do allow censorship, who should be in charge?
the hibiscus hedge?
which is very painful.
in conclusion, computers have improved the lives of the human race by a great deal.
the school playground also becomes alive with the students.
dear local newspaper, home computers is a good thing for many reasons.
no matter how much computer do they be but it is kids getting bigger and bigger all because they long.
they know it will cause a lot of crazy things with the author.
will i disagree with what you say.
there is no bad effect of computers.
no more books, music, movies, and magazines.
i know this, because in paragraph talks about his culinary skills and how grateful he is to have it passed down to him.
the setting in this story affects the cyclist because as the setting changes, so do the cyclist moods and feelings about survival and the danger he is in.
not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family.
laid his books up on the counter and we checked out.
they always had each others backs and had many celebrations.
after a while when he thinks he can go no more he sees a store that once held gallons of grape juice.
however, at the period of time the book was written, these words were not considered to be wrong.
profanity, nudity, and crude humor, as well as many other things, are all over the media, including books.
therefore, it would only make sense for someone to stop reading a book if they find it offensive.
new is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town.
what some people think is the most innocent book, could offend another individual.
that also show how the author was pushing to make the mood grateful.
should not be censored.
that is how it relates back to the story.
it turned into totally love and warmth, but also happiness.
it seems today we attempt to censor everything, but are we going too far?
so if you read this article and get offended by it then sorry, just expressing personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problems.
could you imagine life without computers?
the features of the setting put the cyclist in an unsteady ride of fear, hope and confidence
you can talk to relatives in far away places but to travel with this.
soon after that, he did not see anything.
every person poses their own opinions on life.
the computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can stay in touch.
the world is very vast and every part of it has a different climate.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
people just take everything so literally these days, they got to have their part in anything and everything.
the climate in the story also becomes difficult.
out the memoir you really start to see the authors opinion of the definition of home and family.
exercising helps you grow.
its fun on a cruise ship captains dinner and meet people and sights.
for example, research and entertainment.
on computers, there are lots of games to play that are free.
it be against some religions to read inappropriate materials.
you might be upset and find it unfair, because you cannot do some things.
libraries should have censorship because young kids could come and open and look at it.
talking online is just as fast as texting.
this makes him sound very thankful that his parents played that music in his home.
my father gave up his career and my mother gave up her family to give me and my brothers a better life.
indian culture clearly defines the importance of expressing love and obligations towards our parents.
a,,, and ,,, and colon(;).
you will see a small rainbow before you.
in my opinion, it is the fault of the and computers.
you lose a lot of friendships like this.
a big thing with this is race and culture.
the library staff should take action and make a separate room for
if you have a project due on a foreign country you can search it up and it will give you all the data you need about it.
so you do!
the users be over very quickly.
no child should see those things, but if they are there anyone is going to look.
parents should modify what their children watch, but as an adult they are able to watch or read anything that they want to
their are others that are very religious and if they come across something that is wrong about their religion the will be very offended.
i hope you too heed to my advice.
censorship in movies is also growing.
censoring libraries is not going to stop children from learning about offensive things.
the library would be the most trustworthy documentation of facts about this topic.
in the essay, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
well you want an answer and i will give you one.
dear , i am writing you this letter to inform you that computers do benefit society.
for example, helps you with essays and reports.
for example, .
computers have helped greatly in speeding up the teaching process.
skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career.
there is no reason that if someone is offended by a book in a library that it should be removed from the shelf.
people learn much of what they know from the computer.
when he talks about his friends being like his family it makes people grateful for their close friends that they have.
the cyclist was quickly worn out and started to loose hope in himself.
people can do what they think is the right thing to do.
this story is about how parents created a home.
imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters.
in the setting there are no cars and no buildings meaning no help.
it makes things that would other wise take lots of time very quick, giving people the chance to do other things such as playing outside.
furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students.
we need to change this habit.
the shopkeepers are honest and sell quality products at reasonable prices.
the library is a pathway to knowledge, which branches to many different cultural roads.
people use computers for work.
he was losing his strength.
there is no need for an angry public or strikes.
computers make it easier to connect to people near and far.
many rap artists think it is okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music.
familiar with is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers.
airports make for the government, and internet less people would travel.
programs that you can download make life a whole lot simpler and saves you a lot of time.
in the essay do not exceed posted speed , the setting is used to alter the cyclists mood and as a reflection of his situation.
to sum this all up i would like to tell you local news paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for the society!
since everyone is different, the sex related instances might not offend another group of people and they might see as perfectly fine to watch or .
the horse came and ran in a circle.
the firemen fought the flames bravely.
what there reading should have any effect on others unless they are reading also.
i would want it to be read, seen, and heard.
not all adults would understand both sides but i can see where both sides are coming from.
some people are easily offended and some are not.
while working out an essay by hand is tiring and boring you can type up the essay on you computer.
next, the terrain changed from being flat to very hilly.
eighth grade teacher.
here are some reasons why.
this man, , was assigned a from the farms of who had never been out of the fields.
in basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time.
reading is what keeps us informed, on the past and even the future.
for an example music, music is a great cause of things that people motivate to do things and get really into the songs.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world.
if we took all the books off of the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no books left.
the book was very well written and just had a few bad words.
in conclusion, this would be your choice.
what is this though?
also it says how he went to a couple towns that were deserted so there was no way to replenish his water.
both of these, very different settings gives off very different feeling.
from my personal experiences, i tend to ignore friends and family.
ambition has the top priority in the life of every man.
the customers of a street hawker are generally housewives and children.
therefore, we can protect their innocence and fellow youth.
people are not going outside as much anymore.
it was a movement of non-violance.
having many different kinds of people sharing this material, the libraries must try to have material to please everyone.
secondly, they are spending to much time on their computer than exercising.
taking certain types of books away can risk other peoples feelings.
if a child read something about sex, he or she might be curious or confused, and ask their parents about it.
the next year she made captain because she was out training everyday before the big day.
dear local news paper, i think computers can have a bad effect on people from a really early age.
the author looks back on all the good times had as a kid.
except for my eyes.
the hibiscus reminds her of her old life and it comforts her.
however, the is also for computer.
students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence.
there are too many options, like when comes to the books, movies, music, and magazines.
students use the computer for a lot of things.
without this type of setting, the story would have completely changed.
what are they to do?
it was early in the morning when we started for the forest.
one time i did that and eyes felt weird after getting on the computer.
these materials often fall victim to censorship and are challenged daily to be banned, especially books.
most important of all, the life changing story about and how it changes peoples life today.
has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school?
the desert hits him like a boulder because he is running short on water and needs to rest.
even worse he found an abandoned juice factory on the way, at that point he was out of water.
his confidence is high, and he is ready to continue his adventure.
if we removed everything that was offensive today.
censorship is not necessary because individuals are aware of what they are interested without anything telling them what to look for.
if people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition.
yes, parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children, but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music.
i know that we cant watch their every move but we can do our best to watch what they are doing when they are in close watch.
this gave him a better life.
computers have helped so many people do so many things!
when a kids starts to hate his or her work.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i chuckled, checked my water supply, and moved on.
in some places books that are banned to other places are celebrated.
but, some have content that are not suited for children.
the education is just for adults; kids can go online and research history of different places they live and want to go.
he can reach the place without water but that is not a good thing to do.
the reason why i think it is good is because you can contact someone that you know and talk to them whenever you want.
i checked it out and after the first paragraph i wanted to throw up.
one day she came across a book on the top shelf of the fiction section.
too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt.
the setting affected the cyclist because of the rode conditions.
there i could get the leftovers to eat.
i said their family because they could miss out on a lot of things.
i think that some people are not getting enough exercise and i also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too.
that is one reason computers are bad.
what experiences did you have?
no matter where people go they can find something that could offend someone.
fortunately, he did find civilization when he came to a fishing supply shop.
second, people are not enjoying the outdoor.
he has to use to check on the stock chart.
it is not illegal to have certain types of music, books, movies, etc inside a library.
i work with a spade and hoe every morning and evening in my small garden.
lastly computers are good entertainment.
these books do contain language that is not appropriate for children.
in the end of it all a book is just a book
sometimes just to help them get back on their feet.
music, however, can not be censored.
when libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books.
books should be censored if they are made for children.
what would you do if you picked up a book, where someone is being teased about their looks, and ?
computer are really beneficial to busy people.
what so you think about this?
he says that there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
as a teenager, i know that people have access to far worse things on the internet than in libraries.
we have the freedom of speech in the .
at peak hours there is a mad rush.
these computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge.
materials should never be denied from the library.
this could lead to loss jobs laziness.
parents bring their children to the to support their reading ability and to advance it.
for instance, their clothing.
in fact, most people go on the computer researching diet plans or local gyms.
they think it is too explicit, but another not.
i strongly feel as if computers do not benefit society.
then it started to get a lot more sonny.
people can only choose what they want, and nothing more
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the setting relates to how the author is feeling.
no longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world.
at the moment she is just homesick, even if her home is the now.
businesses thrive in other countries.
now does some of those books seem a little better now?
play a game like monopoly, or play .
some people find books, music and movies offensive and not suitable for public libraries.
the cyclist knew that was a mistake in the first place, but he had hope that maybe they knew what they were talking about.
it takes more than what some people are doing and saying to reflect on what your reading and how your reading it.
this quote shows that he is not only thirsty but dehydrated which is several for a human being.
for instance is a way to see your friends like that.
i always feel nervous before the examinations.
there is nothing in print that can not be conveyed in a different communication form.
when my mom saw the show, she immediately banned me from watching it because of its explicit content.
also they can read anything they want too, because they can buy the book and read it and hid it.
floods are natural calamity and take place regularly in certain areas.
some of there reasons are because parents could have young children and they do not want to expose them to such things while they are young and vulnerable.
of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college.
it tones up the whole system.
the idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective.
what one person find offensive another person could find rather enjoyable.
our parents work hard to give us the best.
if we censor the books in our libraries, then we will be loosing a certain aspect of our culture.
giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on.
dear newspaper, the fresh air that cools your skin and the wind blowing through your hair while you are running side by side next to your best friend.
in there neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of the cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
this can be seen when the cyclist in the comfortable camp around in .
the overall mood of this excerpt from the book home: the blueprints of our lives by is of love and gratitude.
a third example of the mood in this memoir is the way talked about the love for his family, and how important being thankful is.
if a child sees a magazine containing pornography, the child will think that this material is acceptable.
that not be good for people who are trying to stalk or abuse someone.
whether teens, kids, or adults are gaming, on websites or typing essays people around the world spend way too much time on their computers.
along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for.
it teaches us everything & anything.
we could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold.
this would hold the world back since we could not express ourselves through our writing.
plus, the more people buy and use computers the more company are going to want to invent new ones.
in conclusion, i do not think offensive materials should be remove.
lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker.
once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report.
have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that?
i am not speaking as though everyone who watches a movie or reads a book about a murderer will go out killing people.
nothing can beat the feeling being with friends or family and just having fun.
honestly in my eyes its simple, if there is something you find offensive just stay away from it, because others enjoy it.
i think this because in the passage it says there were no cars.
people who think that the books in libraries should be censored, are fools.
this might cause his emotion break down to make his energy to loss.
i used the computer in the dark so now i need contacts.
computers teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places, and allow people to socialize online.
what will come of our world?
over all computers have a positive effect on people.
i believe that if material being read of listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelf.
in my opinion, computers are helping , not hurting .
some very adults have and various other things that i cannot the life of me think of thing computer get them together and they are happy.
this book had language that i do not think would be suitable for others in some content that was in the novel.
also, a class that at .
for example lets say that your doing a report on .
i believe that the same should be done for books.
this is how computers come in handy in every day life.
this book reveals much about human truth, yet it was banned.
if everybody spent less hour on the computer, they could save off their electric bill.
your cousin believing in one thing,means you have to believe in it also?
please reread and pick the right !
the world holds many things that can be found offensive to someone.
the changes could be made but, if anyone tried to take something important away, would you not do anything to stop it?
you can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard.
as grew up there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him.
this will be good for every race too!
computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best.
the author ends the story with the given paragraph to get across.
he stays on the farm till the evening.
as you can see i need my computer for many things.
this paragraph also serves as a promise to discover a new way to live and make friends.
computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web.
we also use the computers for the programs they have.
they are websites on the computer.
by using the word crippling it informs us that the hill was brutal and very hard to get over.
why this can be a good thing is because you can get a good idea of what its like and might want to take a trip there.
you have probably read this and thought to yourself.
you can chat with almost anyone on the internet.
taking away books of a certain subject could upset people that like that type of book or it could even pertain to their everyday lives.
the author ends the story this way for a few reasons.
computers do not benefit society today.
in my opinion i think that computers are a good thing.
i know many people think how come using a computer is not safe.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because as the terrain got rougher things to the cyclist got harder.
from hard, cold text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit.
this is how a library serves a community
it gave him a hopeless narration because there was no place to stop and depleting his water supply.
computer , they are the replacement.
but then it also makes those people that want it censored uptight.
you can do many things on the computer to have fun.
on a computer all you have to do is type.
could get included in and join activity.
some others said it was a bridge created by god to connect
pick wrong from right, all up to you.
webcam is becoming a huge sensation!
many people have been inspired by certain books that throughout history have been controversial.
other like word, help you set up writing essays and stories.
this technology is taking away peoples freedom and will and they don' even notice it.
she is stressed about failing the drivers test, country, but it is and she realizes that nothing is the same.
the author concludes the story in a what seems like incomplete paragraph.
i can understand that parents can get upset if their child is reading a book they should not be looking at.
he passes through still with a level head.
if someone wants to say something, they should be able to say it.
it is because the sea is the source of all the water they use.
the cyclist had a lack of water and was very thirsty.
we told and him told him spending to much time on computers is bad for you.
these kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and in school.
the facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences.
he was in the middle of nowhere with no one around and because of this setting he lost hope of surviving.
conclusion the computer us with our search for information, contact people, and make new inventions.
they look for knowledge and taking away a persons' learning capacity can be harmful to everyone.
no one can base censorship on one belief or idea, because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of.
a home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture.
i feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past.
many people use libraries every day to research or simply to gain knowledge for fun.
prayer works wonders.
now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for!
is good and bad in a way, is good because because your phone bill wont be that high up so you save minutes.
he was worn out because the setting was so intense.
from the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day.
but i think that need to cut down on the use of electronics.
computers have gotten more advanced over time.
books for everyone.
where do we draw the line?
he relieved because he can get something to drink.
the book tells the story of a young white boy running off with an older black man.
libraries should not be censored.
libraries are expected to be kept quiet and not out jumping around and screaming.
you could do stuff like play catch with the dogs walk the dog, and (or) play over a friends house.
statistics show that out of people say tennis have actually made them more confident.
still to this day there is segregation to all people not just against races but in our own race itself.
if he had not charmed her with his knowledge from the computer.
teens learn to type to make life easier.
just make some kind of label that says that there might be things in the movies or whatever item such as books and magazines also.
so they both have to weather the winter months they are not used to.
it is necessary to enter the medical college and follow clinical medicine.
which is why i believe that it should be removed from the store, or at least the shelves.
in the memoir, the author created a mood.
is thankful for that and feels that is lucky to have such a close knit community of friends and family.
so this leads to my conclusion that it should not be your right to remove material from shelves that only you or group of people find offensive.
the short story, winter hibiscus, is a about a girl who moved with her mother to .
then soon you can type with without looking.
there are so many books and magazines, music, and movies to be discovered in this world.
computers is the big thing because we need to look up a lot of things online we need computers to test on.
people can still enjoy nature as well as computers at the same time.
so in strong opinion it is a good idea to have a computer.
i think all books should be kept in the library even if one person finds its offensive.
reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life.
this ties up the mood throughout the memoir.
when she see this plant, he childhood comes back and she forgets her test.
being , i just had to know.
i feel very happy in his company.
people like using the computer because it is very useful when you need it most.
computers are making people shut out their families.
the conditions of the road in the settings affect the cyclist because the roads are rough.
well you email, , , or of course.
lastly, their bills will get higher.
most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad.
she hopes she is right about the flowers maybe, she likes the spring.
for example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them.
everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way.
there are more circumstances where a library item does not need uncensored details because it is just offensive.
the staircase should be by the circulation desk.
tell them, or let them read the books you always censor at the libraries so that they know.
the speed limit was .
they supermarket for you.
this made him hotter than he ???
the heat and lack of water combine for deadly dehydration upon the cyclists.
the above quotes really draw you in and you get to see the many features of the setting and what its like for the cyclist.
you and i both know that every one needs a .
if you want to know more about different cultures such as .
the author parent show him with their life, and his teaching have been the basis of his life.
after that everyone went right back to staring at computer screens.
children and teenagers should also be mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, movies, and magazines.
research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people.
the computer also teaches you how to do different stuff.
the weather becomes pleasant and cool on a rainy day.
rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away.
people have different opinions what one find extremely offensive another not care or even laugh at it.
when kids say it outta class rooms they get in trouble.
so for that they always kept their arms and door wide open to people they considered family.
we have the freedom to the way we feel or think, but can it be to graphic for some to read?
if we censor the material in a library, it is denying the public of the real world.
it be offensive to some people but there will be some other people in the world that likes that same book.
in conclusion, many times it is necessary for an author to use words or descriptions that are offensive to many.
not to mention the fear some publishers or authors will have in publishing their works.
i believe libraries should have all types of books, music, movies, and magazines.
literature is an escape for many people, it is their way of experiencing the world and to live through the main character of whatever they are reading.
with toxic, the layer and skin cancer on the rise.
you just have to be strong and take anything that comes your way, and you have to be ready for it.
the first reason was that the books should be taken out of the library is because their racist.
then again, if its too cold, breathing gets really hard.
when was the last time you took a bike, went camping, or went to the beach?
his family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas.
therefore, no book should be censored, no matter how inappropriate the material is.
this sentence puts me in a really excited mood because it reminds me of when my own house is filled with loud music during the summertime.
men, women and children crowded near the conductor for tickets.
the computers tell us how the war is and about what the president is doing.
what do you go to the library for?
then what if they want to keep listening to it?
most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports.
but, i mean those are only my opinions.
i believe that libraries should not have censorship.
in conclusion i believe computers are good because one many kids need them for school second they have a lot of educational games.
some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family.
movies are the same way, they have ratings.
also, kids in school use computers all the time for school work and to learn about new things.
also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer.
after that extent, the kids would be learning too much at such a young age.
he mentions the love that he had of cooking with his parents.
if you have history you can go on a website for an online book instead of bringing a book to school and back to home.
plus, there are many different disorders in the world.
what happens when you get there and the book has been censored?
my hobby is drawing.
or use it to plan vacations.
removing books from the library because they are offensive is a good idea.
when your write a report you tend to go to the internet.
it was six in the evening and cold winds were blowing strongly outside.
the ideas of resilience when faced with challenge , and the determination to adapt and succeed.
i got this feeling because his parents did hard jobs because they loved their kids.
how can you survive?
does censorship really help in our society?
the sight and felt he walking not make, fall on the ??
she said the book was about the way a society had banned books like they were drugs or something that could hurt us.
i am different and kind of an outcast.
even though it includes how they used to be into drugs as a teenager.
i blame that grade on not having a computer at home.
if so why should we allow ourselves to squander what was hard fought for and earned by our forefathers.
also, obscene graphic material in movies and in magazines.
anyways of is obese.
even a person agreed computer would have to admit that to be highly beneficial.
your going to learn a lot more on computers than having to travel places and or school.
the sooner could be better or for the worst.
i once read a book that i found in our school library that was about slavery.
so how could those things be harmful to society.
emails, researching, questions on the world around us.
it first starts off with grades.
if faced with these obstacles i would have been affected in the same way.
there is no reason to have a whole community ignore an authors work just because a large group of people do not agree with what it says.
i think that there could be some things adults can read and some things kids can read.
all you do is look up something and you can find it.
what do i think about library censorship?
being an author you have the freedom of speech, you can write whatever you feel like writing.
it is as simple as that, people are wise enough to know what is good and what is bad for them.
also it says that they came selflessly as many immigrants do to give there children a better life.
then there was the abandon juice building where they made juice.
it goes up and down.
books be the only exception.
occasionally, she will glance over a book or reading material herself in order to deem it appropriate for me to .
you can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library.
this year the summer season was unduly long and extremely hot.
for an example who is harry .
they can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world.
most people who go cycling ???
she goes to college on the internet because she has to take care of her two children.
let them make money, they can sell whatever they want.
i hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in , and are a great learning tool.
movies are very good teaching tools and magazines follow that same path.
i would do it on the computers if i miss it.
too many teens nowadays hide in their rooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families.
schools should be a place for either all books or a place for no books at all.
the cyclist was riding in some rough, dry and abandoned terrain that made his journey almost fatal.
you never know when that might happen to you, think about it before you go and tried to do that to a book.
i feel this way but i am not a person that is tuck in their ways where you cant change their mind.
our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of technology today.
for this reason, we cannot censor libraries.
in the story the setting provides no water for the cyclist making him weak.
went from just living there to it being his home.
one person deem inappropriate could be viewed as totally fine with another person.
if you are a responsible person then you are fine.
a soldier who is in the army will take killings and seeing deaths much easier than a of a company.
people use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places.
you will realize that their are more than you would believe.
also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process.
man has invented his god and prayer to get psychic energy when he is in despair.
these types of books teach good morals and how to live a good and full life.
say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it.
the mood described in this memoir is mostly about love, unity, and culture.
if you take these things away certain people will not have the entertainment they have enjoyed with the things they have read or things could possibly read
as the cyclist gets further and further, he has more doubt.
it is wrong to make fun of or joke about people.
aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders.
whenever i see them, i wish if i were a bird and i could also fly like them.
when she accomplishes this, she is growing just like the hibiscus
i just put that book down and continue my search.
i think so, because we are what makes up a library.
his favorite quote from the movie was something his parents did not want him hearing at his age.
if i was going to take music off the shelf it would only be the ones with a lot of bad language.
the mood is of kindness too because he thinks his parents are kind for letting anyone into their door.
next, computers help other people learn about faraway places.
i feel that there should not be censorship in libraries.
last reason would be children should not allowed to see inappropriate things until they are eighteen or older.
some people find that offensive and some not.
lead to civil war between the northern states and the southern states.
i am apart of a generation that is being affected greatly by the world in a negative way.
more than half the world have these communication source because one it easier and you get more of your mind.
i know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk.
', look what i found.'
the setting affected the cyclist in many ways, one way was the weather.
many students around the country forget homework once in a while, because of helpful computers they can fix their problems easily.
not only will you get information on the place you can also get directions.
do you want to use the computer while your their?
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in this story.
the topic of and the be found to be offensive because of what they stand for.
what one does, is type in a chat box to someone and the message is instantly sent to the person.
she buys a hibiscus and plants it when she comes home after noting the geese flying south for the winter.
a lot of the parents do not want there kids to go to the library and look at pictures that are really offensive.
they communicate there more than they could without computers.
in the field of medicine and surgery, science has made wonderful progress.
you doing that is causing more trouble than it is actually worth.
computers are a great way to explore.
so if you walk in the teenager section and you are looking for a good mystery book.
the last example would be, in all of the last paragraph.
school is not a place for a child to be watching those kind of things.
anything from to to country and back can be.
he had no other way of figuring out about how to handle fights, drugs, and alcohol unless he read about them in a book.
she can feed him which she ca do online.
in conclusion, computers do not benefit society.
in some countries the donkeys are used to
for example, i personally love horror movies.
ask yourself if you would react the same way to a person who uses offensive language what should we do then?
so if not all the books are gone there is still going to be a few books to chose from.
no matter how gruesome or vile of a description a book can give, it still does not compare with the visual picture of a video.
using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world.
but first i want to be educated on where i go.
also, some specific magazines contain images that are offensive to the people of our society.
i feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered.
that does not mean that the item should be removed completely though.
even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web.
there is an adult section for adults not children, people need to realize that.
they help with school work, like projects or email.
if they started taking them off our shelves and off the big screens, people would lose jobs.
this creatively loving setting gives the reader a sense of comfort when reading the piece.
the cyclist first had determination to get to his destination.
and also, have you ever needed to get information fast?
should be removed for profanity and drugs.
computer are just another reason why.
i personally know a family that is very protective over what their children read, watch or listen to.
the mood of the author in the memoir is that he is very proud in what his parents have done.
that can disappear in a instant.
using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed.
online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly.
me personally am faster at than writing.
i believe that there should be censorship in public libraries.
he prepares fodder for the animals.
where the cyclist rides can have a huge effect on the cyclist himself.
nowadays, people just give out information to random people.
thus his major concern is the lack of water.
so is it right to remove offensive material from libraries?
he hurries to the building only to find out that it is an abandoned, rundown factory.
addiction to computers is also a very negative impact.
for example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like.
there fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people.
many history books contain harsh, real life facts about things that went on in the past.
now they also have schooling tutors online.
at last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends.
who wants to do that?
using computers, billions of people gain knowledge that they never would have been able to learn before.
this is nonsense.
it would be unfair to those people, and if we are unfair to them, we have to be unfair to everybody.
i firmly believe that people are spending way too much time on the computer, without knowing how long has gone by!
i do not think that is a good idea.
they are warping the minds of people all over, and in my opinion things should go back to the way they used to be.
many places show and sell offensive material.
my brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made.
people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
this would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem.
this, however, is something to take as a concern.
finally computers can also be used to learn new information.
it is situated in south delhi.
he respected his parents and loved them for everything they have done for him.
many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day.
my conclusion is, if you are going to look at all kinds of books they should have no restrictions on what you look at.
the mood created by the author in a memoir.
the author of the of and the of .
when you get bored, what do you do?
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
the problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens.
education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers.
this helps the people writing the paper because writing takes many drafts to get the piece perfect; it is a pain to write each draft by hand.
she goes home & tells her mother she failed her test but bought the plant.
find out about the culture first.
his parents were thanked repeatedly by him for their strength and perseverance and taught him that friends and family are very important.
at my public library, citizens of my city can request certain books, movies, music, or magazines to be put on the shelves.
also, it depends on what what the ages the kids are or adults.
in the memoir the author has various moods.
i think that the author created a very warming, and the loving tone.
exercise is necessary in lives.
computer can have every game you want they have kid games, year old sister goes on to the games that you can match.
this quote shows that the hibiscus was the reason for her determination.
in other words, he loves his parents because of the love they showed him.
without them, society would forget about the past events that shaped and molded our world into the world it is today.
i asked them what do they think is this to happen.
his head struck against the ground.
also gives the change to talk to people with webcams.
more insulting than finding books of issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were treated so separately.
paragraph is all about how much the author cares about his parents and is very grateful to them.
the mood in the passage is .
the reason why it is so popular paper want to talk to friends that they enjoy talking too.
have you ever sat there on the computer for a long time?
people need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising.
the internet, in this instance, obviously had a positive impact on society.
now, i can see how books are an excellent resource in society, and how they provide for amazing information, however it takes years to publish books!
thank you for your time in reading this letter
any event or occurrence of importance that takes place is reported by the newspapers.
well about of the world says that computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family, and different people around the world.
this is taking a right away from us, and we should not have to go buy the book and only read it once.
it is denying the composers their right to freedom of speech.
it looked as if he was drowned in a sea of books.
from my experience i have seen people complain about these things.
book censorship censorship in libraries are a major problem in the .
that is my opinion on books, movies, magazines, etc in our libraries.
how do i know this?
censorship holds back many artists true potential.
there are many different topics that people are offended of whether it is race, religion,gender,etc.
he is very punctual.
my point is these games are teaching the kids nothing.
with this shows that it was fun, warm, inviting, and exciting.
i think he creates a loving mood as opposed to something else because of the way he describes and explains things.
he was always happy to be around family and friends.
who in the world would say a computer is useless.
there are millions of book in the world that people find offensive.
lets throw an other aspect here about money.
the green leaves of absorb carbon dioxide and break it up into carbon and oxygen.
i think if they read them they might say them but they will learn not to say them and that they are not very nice to say.
so censoring these would in turn censor one voice and emotions.
many features of the setting affected him.
he recalls past neighbors, and surrogate grandparents, his aunts and cousins.
how about go on the computer!
in fact it has a very positive effect of me.
in a way many books are put on the library shelf for a reason.
as this rather large man walks around the counter towards father steps in the picture.
also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight.
that helps people a lot because not everyone likes to be on the phone all day (me) so that their of communication.
they are too busy with computers.
i use to keep in touch with family on the .
they help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
using computer to learn about different places is easy.
there is, however, one other element at play here: protection of youth and innocence.
if your the type of person that is a at something.
lastly they allow people to talk online with others.
setting the cyclists physical and mental state in positive and mental states almost equally in the story.
what kind of library is that
internet, , and libraries can all be under parents' supervision.
the computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other.
it started to drizzle.
on the occasion of the festival, he continues his duty for helping people to celebrate the occasion peacefully.
though many children looked at it and felt some of the terms were harsh, no one ever thought there would ever be a riot caused at school.
i think that all computer have positive effects on people.
this will help us all because we want to learn about new things, talk to new people and see new places.
my father hugged me and said he was proud of me.
its not worth the trouble for just a book that you could just simply look past and look at other books.
they are also avoiding nature outside, and losing contact with family and friends.
she reached for the book, intrigued, and flipped through the pages.
without it how were you going to get your info.
another reason that a computer benefits society is ways to keep in contact with family and friends if they live to far away.
, there were many affects on the cyclist due to the setting.
but how do you keep a young child from checking out a book, movie, or magazine about inappropriate adult material?
also she did a nice job because throughout the story i could feel her pain.
for example, a fan reads a book about them and the author makes fun of them or teases them.
i think this because many people have different kinds of interests in many things they love doing.
what culture and landscapes are like without even being .
on his way to the shop he says, slowly gaining elevation while losing hope.
let me further explain to you the reasons why libraries should have such boundaries.
not everybody is true over the computer.
because of this, they cant bond and they wont have a real friendship.
when games and instant messaging starts to take away from studying and exercise there is a huge issue.
how would you explain why it was offensive?
then he came to a rough road.
computers always warn us about them.
therefore, by letting someone else decide what is appropriate for you to read, you are giving up your freedom.
the time is now!
people under the age of are not permitted to be in this of the without a parent, or parent signature.
being on the computer constantly can ruins your life.
people need to enjoy their life!
whichever team scores more goals, wins the match.
secondly, the computer can help you learn about far away places the or .
music should not be taken away because it is just words and they should not hurt someone, especially when it is only a way to express.
because i think she feels hope and faith.
yes, kids need to learn about relationships and intimacy, but that is their parents jobs.
censorship is one of the most broken laws in .
computers are a menace to society.
it is up to you to continue using computers.
censorship in libraries?
as i was growing up, i was able to get what i needed done for my school at the library.
secondly, there are many coll websites you can join.
those are the only bad things about computers.
because of it he misses at least day of school a week.
the cyclist was tired and the hills were making it worse.
instead of completely banning some texts, why not move them to another section of the library?
the mood is created by a description of the kindness of his neighbors.
materials around the globe are being taken off of shelves due to offensive material, but they were created for a reason.
to the editor of the daily newspaper, i strongly believe that computers have a negative affect on people of all ages.
and why should these books be available to everyone through public libraries?
kids could be enjoying other things besides computers.
there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir.
and people to watch you and can tell you you are too young for that stuff.
not everything should be hidden.
people that have laptops can go outside on a sunny day grab some fruit and relax.
a planet means a wanderer.
hello, my name is , i feel that there should be any genre of media in libraries.
they are all different, but they have one thing in common is to bring old friends and new friends together.
so he put it down and walked out.
my own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away.
both of these diseases are lethal.
the setting affects the cyclist by it being so hot, him not having anything to drink, nowhere to get water or food and him maybe seeing mirages.
so, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past?
i believe that all types of materials should be placed in libraries to satisfy the different styles of what people like.
we as members of the are already in enough trouble as it is with all our financial troubles and what not.
if they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are.
furthermore, later in the sentence the narrator make a reference to the old men, giving the blame entirely to them for them suggesting the path.
does using a computer mess up your life in some ways i would say no.
after some time another bus on the same route came.
she bought it for more then her mother said for all of the seeds in the garden.
like their should not be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the or .
for example he had no water so he was parched.
if they do not read books about how slaves were treated, they will never know about the slaves.
some things just need to be left in the past and kept there.
this would be an exciting event for them this why they need computer.
maybe there might also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
consequently, i did not play as well; missed a lot of passes and shots.
disks and listen to music and watch films.when you use a
the of this memoir creates a mood that is very touching and meaningful.
i think who ever gets there first should get the book, but that just me.
the mood created by the author is a happy and grateful one.
it would cause much argument among people.
dear local newspaper, experts should not be concerned about other people that stay on the computer for a while.
they are the ones who should tell teach them right from wrong.
the poem the author speaks of his parents with great admiration.
music can make you think about what your life has been throw or miss the person that has died because they listen to that one song so much.
but not traveling by an over crowded bus.
the hibiscus plant will bloom again and that will renew, in a way, her warming thought of her old home.
dehydration started to set him and every hill was a challenge.
computers not only help people discover places and learn more about other parts of the world, but also computer allow people to communicate with others around the world.
what kind of society would we have then?
he is also my neighbor.
all of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking.
due to unavoidable circumstances, i had not been able to do any revision.
recently, there been a debate going on between experts about computers.
removing books from the shelves off a library is a form of censorship, which is a clear violation of the .
do you have family members who live far away from you?
there are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not offensive.
meeting people is a big thing.
there are many reasons movies can be offensive.
what is offensive to one person, not be offensive to the next.
there is two things that are going to happen.
then came some rolling hills which would be another big challenge for him.
he talks about family, love, and home.
secondly, publications such as the ones mentioned for banning rebuke the enforcement of opinion for its effects on society.
have you ever had your parents go with you and your friends?
by taking off one of these books, someone could be taking off another persons favorite book.
its the most common thing to go on the .
my second reason is because you can learn about far away places.
i can tell u who wants to do that.
the computer in my thought helps you learn about new technology stuff such as new games to help you learn or new websites.
if you were to walk into any store these days you would find something that you would not want your children to watch, see, or listen to.
i know i would like to.
computers can help people with their homework and essays.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
prevents that so you can always talk to them.
she walks home and finds a hibiscus.
three just happen to be that they help people get work done faster, they help keep you in touch with friends and they help students to study.
you could censorship the books and hide them from the public, but that would cause another problem.
all you can get from an hour on the computer is blurred vision.
the motivation to do so reveals the parents faith in creating a home just as good as before.
they might not know that violence is not the answer to many problems, and they will not realize that there are other solutions to a problem.
or tag or just running around?
censorship of anything makes a child more immature.
i have learned to deal with all of those things from books.
i was going to die, and the birds would pick me clean.
if a child would be in the appropriate isle for there age styled books, less children would pick up the wrong book.
loved how his parents loved him back too.
also, the features of the setting give him determination.
you can also learn all you need to know on computers.
children should not be shelter at a young age to just young adult things because they need to know what else is out there in the world.
there are people that love writing about violence, gore, and segregation.
the setting plays an important part in the authors mood.
the mood created by the author was grateful and happy.
, some people do all of their they get obsessed and then their family leave them.
media is all about someones free expression and trying to share it with the world.
lastly he had drank most of his water during the trip.
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
books and movies can be a very important resource for anyone of any age.
teens want to be able to read about they can relate to, but some of the things in the book can be offensive maybe.
you look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse.
when you are given a book in school for a class assignment, they usually expect you to read it because its of some educational value to you.
should certain materials be removed from our library shelves just because it has uncensored materials inside of it?
they started it off with the seemingly small act of censoring books.
people have different views, we always have and we always will.
you can make a brochure of sales and expenses, all with an easy stroke on the mouse.
the risk of any of these things happening is very high.
my dad introduced me to his uncle who shared the same name as me.
in fact, showed of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need.
children are more likely to read a book that they are interested in.
many people have papers and of important information and it could be lost in a blink of an eye.
the amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your house.
there is a chance to move on there is hope.
if ask an adult how ever they are most likely going to say yes.
thank you for taking the time to read this
which we all know we need to play sports!
or new shows and music all be find.
both are given an assignment to write a report on a famous person.
people reading these things that are offensive could cause problems with others.
they actually can be quite good for people.
i think all movies, music, and books are acceptable.
if he were in the city, for example, he would not get lost and stranded, and therefore would have no story.
if a student is nervous, he can not learn anything.
secondly, people need to enjoy nature.
in addition, they lead to less interaction with real people.
this way it would be quick and easy to find that one board game.
he said to me in no uncertain terms, “young one, never be sloppiesh.
but that is where the idea that these books were not created for them.
do you want you to be lacking that positive ability in life?
the author is very unsure of where to go and begins encountering obstacles such as, tumbleweed, snakes and lack of water.
this is what i think of this essay it will be up to the people to choose what they want the listen and hear too.
in that case, parents can feel more content with having their children read any material at the library.
my next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family.
everything that was on was not as bad in my opinion.
my third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends.
you would want your seven year old child seeing inappropriate or offensive material, right.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way.
and it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off.
dear , your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation?
you can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom.
prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday.
(to make sure they are who you think!)
the ratings are from ' to .'
i as soon as i seen what i was going to be writing about this one flashed in my head like lighting.
last but not least it the main thing kids get in trouble for in schools.
she also had to deal with living in a new country.
school websites also give people benefits in our society.
the internet has all sorts of fun games and websites.
they should have a section for those certain kind of materials.
people will eventually see them, hear them, and watch them even if its not in the library.
the author makes the trip to a fishing camp and survives.
one reason is because newspapers was the way to send out information.
see her anymore.
he writes horror but displays gore and a lot of sexual content in his writing.
this piece of evidence is located in paragraph two.
same with of .
you can search places and people.
i believe that their are lots of resources.
taking some books off a shelf, or taking profanities out of a song will not hurt a child or teenager one bit.
others think that they should be left up there for the people who want to read them to do so.
the only problem is finding appropriate books that are both compelling and enthralling.
making a call from to can be very expensive but with email, i can talk to my friend, , free of charge.
young children need books to help their imagination grow.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
computers are one of the most advance technology, you can search anything in the world.
younger students' libraries should be monitored even more carefully.
the last reason why we should have computer.
imagine, sitting outside under the brilliant fall sun as leaves of red, yellow, and green dance with the wind.
if you take little things like that to your heart then you will have a tough time going through life.
come to find out the water tastes like battery acid.
but luckily the author thoughts changed after he found a supply of water, the features did affect the cyclist very much.
mingled because the last paragraph thinking that she would stay again next season and keys very what she likes to do.
where would we be without them?
without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them.
you cannot see how a character truly feels.
computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things.
adults should have the option of reading any type of book they would like.
this is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them.
i believe in not allowing censorship in libraries.
i say that there should be no library censoring.
are many different web sites to go on and talk to friends and family.
the girl is going to keep trying until she finally passes.
she would try her hardest to make smart moves, and make it to a town, as fast as possible.
checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing hey do before going to sleep at night.
i solemnly read on and was filled with a sense of family.
children would not be allowed in that section without parental supervision.
it is all caused by what they see or hear around them.
i believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers.
it revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming.
she now realizing that she now by a whole new opportunity and life to start.
additionally, the terrain he was riding on proved difficult.
censorship; the aspect of removing offensive materials from the public eye.
text books are there to nurture value among the young minds.
however, because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects, this is a difficult statement to make.
not only having a chance to be killed of dehydration or being ran over.
also, do you know it was offensive to them are you going to have them show you what was the problem with this book?
of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise.
doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures.
not two miles into the next section.
that is, until he found out about the chat rooms and virtual worlds on the internet.
first reason is that people waste money on it.
like kids in school use an online text books.
it is this simple freedom that causes books to be published, even written, no matter how offensive they be.
most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
sure one joke can make everyone love you, but when one person is not very fond of you, well that speaks a thousand words.
this world is harsh and not easy at all times.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
i do not believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from shelves.
many types of people go to libraries looking for different things.
well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, i would like to politely disagree.
some people ran get in trouble for fooling around on the web.
therefore, i believe censorship is wrong.
the could be years of to enter the room.
he wears a white uniform to school.
next he starts to get low on water, and he becomes more panicked; which in return makes the day seem even hotter.
for example, i help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have.
explained that his parents both shared cooking duties and passed on their culinary skills and love of cooking down to him.
for our sake , and our children .
it hides the authors thoughts, idea, and meanings behind their writing.
criminal acts, vulgar language and more.
last, i want to address the fact that specific libraries can carry a bad reputation if they carry this material.
the movies have a rating system which helps out for little kids.
when a song artist comes up with a song there is a reason for why they put what they do in their songs.
many people enjoy music or movies that have offensive language.
there were many reasons why the author ended the way she did but above are the more obvious.
some people find bad language and themes offensive, while others find that it gives freedom to the artist or author.
efficiency means not speed.
all of that shows how during this memoir his mood is happy, loving, and grateful all at once.
id read once that sucking on stones helps takes your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulate.
i am not saying that all materials need to be removed from the shelves, because some movies or reading materials send off great messages to kids and teens.
fresh air is very important for plants and animals too.
there are a lot of books like that out there and we need to hide them from the children of our society.
the final and most popular way is video chat.
is one reason why i think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature.
i for one, think that this is a terribly made thought.
but if your an adult you should be able to read, listen, or watch whatever you want to.
after all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning.
therefore i encourage you to support computers, because they are so useful and valuable.
its a good way to make an online friends.
a second productive task can help us with is learning .
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
in this case, the author wanted to express joy in her writing.
the greatest impart is the computer!
he was in the middle of flat deserts and had no sense of where the part as and where civilization too so he can get some water.
to , my name is i am from .
online people usually go for a jog around the neighborhood.
they showed me with their own lives & these teachings have been the basis of my life.
the dry, bland, and hilly terrain of the desert hindered his journey
what is the difference?
later on, he was sent to a bed in the ward.
considering the freedom of speech one can express.
without the no one would know of the wonderful things that our above has done for us, and what he is doing for us now.
the only friends that you would most likely have is friends on the computer.
the friends and relatives are missed the most.
there should be action,adventure, humor, love, etc.
the towns that passed through that were supposed to have people were in fact deserted.
also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings.
i remember when i was in grade i made a new friend and she moves to in the after grade.
most of then will help you learn about the subject and then you have time to finish it and hang out with your friends.
the music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it.
books, movies, music, magazines, or even computer excess.
she was bright but shy, and used books as her friends.
not everyone likes the same things.
if one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something would show how to.
take, for example, the .
therefore is happy.
well i can, children today are learning nothing but violence and cursing these days.
there can be over thousands of books in a library, and i find it difficult sometimes to find that right book that interests me.
i was in grade school when i fell in love with the show, ' .'
there is not much that can be helped with that.
the setting very much affects the cyclist.
if this is the case then just ignore it.
parents would love to see their kids move.
they can say for very hour your on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise.
not everyone will see the meaning but it is there.
he says he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them and buy some bait.
helps life if you work in a office or a trademark.
so often today do we hear of books, magazines, and numerous other resources in libraries being banned because of unpopular views.
you ask what it is i am speaking about.
heat and dehydration sap the main characters energy while he is biking through a desert, desperately trying to make it to the next town.
they are renewed in a symbolic sense.
but computer time!
the reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch.
techniques and how to research any topic.
out of students enjoy nature every week.
you get large phone bills just for a two minute long distance call?
for school events, sport schedules, and keeping in touch with far away family and friends.
whether or not if your talking about music, movies, or books, its all the same.
its just apart of life
the next town would have been in the miles.
there is death and violence in the movie, along with a brief flash of nudity.
this quote also shows a loving mood as well.
for example, what if you were into rap, or the hip hop culture, and someone finds that offensive?
second, the computer causes you to interact with people less.
that is the main reason for libraries.
lucky he found a bathroom and drank from the sink.
but , books stores took the off of their shelves because a tiger and a pig could never be friends.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist by letting the author have hope .
but if you want to do this you are going to need a webcam.
and education are essential, especially now; the more you learn, the better salary you get.
the great out doors should be one of the best places to be.
many of them have to do with different religions or races that people have different opinions on.
in conclusion, i think all books should stay on the shelves because all people have different interest and opinions.
and to play games.
keeping books on shelves is what all libraries and schools intend to do.
the elements were against him.
with little water the setting was not helpful to the cyclist.
teacher is a person who builds the nation.
censorship seems like a great idea at first thought!
that means they will stay strong in the meantime just like her.
you can tell someone what is going on and call the cops.
the other side those who support advances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
it is all your own choice of things you want to read.
neither are legitimate reasons for censorship.
it was easy to find out how life was in , thanks to the actual girl explaining it.
i love my brother.
should society as a whole take away variety?
this is why the author concludes with such a sentence because us as readers should show memories of her farmland will help her pass her drivers test.
people should have a right to listen, read, and watch whatever they want.
thankfulness is focused on in paragraphs and .
oh i remember when my history teacher told me that it took hours to make a baseball bat by a human from scratch.
this quote puts a calm mood because when you think of filling the air with scents and playing nice music it puts you in a clam relaxed mood.
during this time he is riding his bicycle for miles and miles in the heat of the summer.
kids and teenagers can also use them for studying.
but one hour or more, is too long.
one person might feel that a book about a sexual assault victim is offensive, while another person might think the book is informational and helpful.
the schools, and ask them questions.
it was a pleasant day.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
my final reason in this letter of why i don' like over using computers is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends.
also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch.
in conclusion, computers are vital in order to properly function in many situations.
dear the daily newspaper crew, i have seen some of your own disagree about using computers.
although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases.
and just when you think you find something everyone likes, someone will come along and disturb the peace.
cultural books and magazines could be offensive to some readers.
most of our daily homework is on the computer.
and we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans.
they are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh.
many times i have seen people blatantly have a tantrum over an offensive literary work.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have both good and bad effects on people.
they can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them.
the only solution is to stop these materials from entering libraries and censoring the offensive, easily misunderstood media before it gets into the wrong hands.
no matter what type of book it is, it still tells us a story of another place and another time.
without computers students would have it a lot worse.
he has to keep smiling against all odds.
sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to.
it starts becoming very hot, and his water supply begins to decrease quickly.
movies that can teach them history although there is very graphic content.
shes sure she will do better next time.
biggest disadvantage is he is on a bike, and not in a car.
computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also.
when the malignant being is the government itself.
people use computers everyday.
result is nothing but a big chaos.
this shows again how the last line connects the girl and the flower together.
what about you?
you can learn about interesting people in history.
the author created the mood of happiness, love, achievement, and being proud.
this system helps people find exactly what they are looking for.
library books offensive?
rated movies are known to be for adult watchers and same goes for video games.
we also saw an elephant, a peacock, a litter of cubs and some fluffy little rabbits.
interacting online can be a great experience for those who have friends and family who live far away.
we study in the same school and in the same class.
his father also lives with him.
people around the world but you would think that anybody would play video game on the computer and have free time?
another reason how computers benefit the society is by helping with careers.
libraries have rated movies.
next, libraries are used so often by college students to writer papers for school.
will people go out side more or will they sit and type?
the freedom we have is a freedom of choice.
and then these are the people who just like looking things up.
people getting caught up on the , or people not having enough money to explore the world, so they just be on the .
incredible numbers of emails are sent everyday.
the way that her parents helped the community out shows their general love and kindness for all.
, she begins to describe the love of her friends and neighbors, who she felt, were family.
when she knows that she needs to find a town.
all knowledge will be trashed and no one will be able to voice their opinions.
the features of the setting in the story affect the cyclist both physically and mentally.
then, in paragraph , the cyclist saw a building which helped him to gain strength to reach his goal.
it is better to use love and non-violence.
i believe all libraries should have to have censorship in their library
this is something we hear everyday.
a study has shown that of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school.
computers are used overwhelmingly more often.
she then proceeded to purchase the plant, because she failed the test she needed something to lift her spirits back up once again.
this is a great thing for everyone.
but not everybody agrees on this statement.
then he becomes happy when he finds the bait shop an finds water.
these are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society.
so get off the computer and hang with your family and friends.
but there are people who can help them see the world better.
i just think that spending time with your family is important.
my mom says computers are one the most hardiest tools in the world.
deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task.
i believe agreeing with you be a very good choice.
they help pay taxes.
all minor adjustments and easy to make.
the library is where they get the books from.
again parents do not want to see drug use or inappropriate gestures that make the child copy what they see and hear.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
so, she go on the internet start looking at different styles and maybe she could become a famous journalist.
when the cyclist first headed out the road was flat and smooth.
the kid will most likely listen to you and put the book back, that is a much better technique than trying to get the book removed.
experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
dear newspaper, computers are everywhere in our nation.
they could also develop a rating system like they do in video games so you know what kind of content is in it.
so seeing that it was to big for me to handle alone i got most of the other volunteers to help me.
computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm.
instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer.
another reason computers could lower your quality of life.
just because certain books, movies, and magazines are deemed offensive to some, does not mean they should be banned for all.
the reason i think the author is proud is because he explains how he grew up throughout his whole life.
computers is probably their or way they communicate.
however, i support these advances in technology and i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the author creates many different moods throughout the memoir.
tall steep hills are a difficult climb, but your a living house the luxurious most to cool.
delhi zoo is near purana quila.
it reminded her of her old home.
this happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer.
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel.
also in your everyday life.
i read this book 'a ' and is really sad.
honestly, it is too difficult to say whether small problems in a book should be considered vulgar enough to ban a book.
for instance, computers can be very dangerous and people these days just seem to spend too much time using them!
each day she walked to the library for a new story to dive in.
finally it makes me feel grateful to my own family, and friends.
although not always real, it touches people on an emotional level.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a mood of admiration.
its almost impossible to keep all children away from these things, but we should at least try to.
one of which i really need for a homework assignment on the movie .
finally, the internet fools people into believing they can go on easy diet eat.
there has been books from my past experiences where an author just talked about her sex life.
in the novel to a , the author uses many words and descriptions that people find are very offensive.
you can even take classes online not impressed?
for one, computers let people talk and socialize, even if they are on different sides of the planet.
we can get physical health and fitness by taking part in games and sports.
some kids might not even read any more because you took the best books out of the library.
these get more alms as their miserable plight arouses people’s sympathy.
when your a kid my age when you have a computer all you want to do is play games online with friends.
they handed him to the police.
this is going to try and prevent kids from seeing what they are these days when they are at a young age.
i took to this hobby when i went to see my uncle in his village.
i believe computers are a good thing for several reasons.
years ago, it was not uncommon to see censorship in the media.
she buys the plant and puts it in the vegetable garden.
such items can include music, books, and movies, but i am just going to give you some of my thoughts on the issue.
books are gateways to other worlds.
some people like their music to talk about drugs or curse, why take that away from them?
sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer.
she used to foot awkward and out of places.
in my family i am not allowed to listen to offensive music.
some parents might not want there kids to be exposed to this.
but this perked my curiosity.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, is a main problem the cyclist faced.
this paragraph is at the end because it brings together the purpose of the hibiscus.
is it really so hard for you not to pick up a book that you find offensive.
but what happens if it is not a man at all but in fact it is a child?
this is a tamed plant for the family.
also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game to keep memories.
call someone a fool, we compare him to a donkey is not so foolish as we think.
i think all books,music,movies,magazines,etc.
and i hope you agree with me for my three reasons you can gain weight, eye problem and how are you going to pay your bill?
yes, at first it would be vulgar but the government would then have the right to teach about sex and drugs in school.
find about without the expense of a plane ticket.
also, censoring in libraries, where everyone feels tranquil and comfortable, can make people rebel and even put the library out of business.
the first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes.
history of our country, history of our , and history of sad and hard times.
i spend my free time drawing pictures.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
all sorts of individuals walk into a library and look around.
libraries should never remove any material just because it be found offensive.
they also find them in libraries and the more they read the more they want to do because they are influenced very easily.
in my opinion, i do not believe that anyone has a choice in what children or any other age group chooses to read.
if every person took off a book that they thought was offensive there would be no books left.
so, what is your side on this argument?
in most public libraries, young children are not aloud to roam the library without an adult.
people are spending more time on computers and less than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is many things.
the author was running out of water throughout the whole story.
lastly, computers are helpful ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
in this paragraph i will be explaining some features of the setting that affected the cyclist.
he could only go .
further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining.
dear , the things we learn at such a young age really need to be changed.
can you believe that some people think that books should be banned for having bad things in them?
but if we ever repeated that word while not reading it we would get sent down to the office.
lastly, computers allow people to chat with other people.
the answer is that they can'.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
also i firmly believe time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and eating dinner with your parents.
the setting of a hot and lost place had a huge impact on the cyclist.
also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person.
banning books would go against what our country stands for.
both the mother and the daughter appreciate the flower they found because it is similar to what they had back home.
now that information is only a few clicks away.
nothing ask yourself that.
they provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now.
this man was not a good swimmer but he had decided to swim.
adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers.
mango is a palatable fruit.
he had to leave and go back to .
we have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer.
financial, and body problems, like people do.
with the games like a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old.
finally, computer cost a lot of money.
honestly the story is better with it too.
it is completely up to that person who takes offense to materials on whether or not to observe such style.
i know that personally i would not want someone to take away my favorite book so my child could not read it.
many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely.
i remember one time that there were books and magazines at my school that were being taken off shelves for this exact same reason.
even if a movie has one offensive scene in it, the rest of the movie could be a great story that many people would benefit from seeing.
computers are referred in the press, on the radio and television.
this is why the libraries should remove all this books, movies, magazines, and even music!
even if you might find it interesting, in then end you find out that it is offensive to you then just take it the other direction.
she wants to take the test when the snow melts, the geese return and the hibiscus is budding.
of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family.
now with more technology coming out like cellphones, and laptops; kids would rather hang out with their friends and not with the families.
the tone adds to the theme of the story.
he said that what they did was a more courageous thing than he could have ever done.
the book looked used, for its spine was badly split and several of the pages were nearly detached.
i feel that the people at the library are lazy personally.
it just depends on the person and what they have grown up around, or what they think is right or wrong.
makes people stupid, and makes you lazy.
lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students.
yes, maybe your friends and family out and hungry with your friends most likely you will have more fun exercising then you have on the computers.
censoring in libraries would also take away from those who are just interested.
i walk barefoot on the grass.
my second reason is because books that they carry at the library are usually educational.
having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression.
when computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like.
i think the story overall was alright beside the fact was offensive in it though.
said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper!
i do not understand the need for them to be obtainable at a , or if there is a need at all.
these are only three of the main moods in the story.
dear , computers are a great invention but people are starting to dislike it.
fictional books are meant to fill the mind of whoever reads them with tales and mental images of a story created by the author.
this well improve our.
before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books.
and they do help people that have physical needs.
there is concern about how much paper we lose every year.
even though you are talking to them you are not learning any new social skills.
the flower was creatively used by ho.
take anatomy books for example.
more than of the population computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced.
users of the computer can get feedback from essays, support to something new, and even boost self confidence.
do you man out of people have .
but then at last he came to a building that gave him relief and more confidence in himself.
this often causes depression as it begins to sink in.
and nobody should ever try to take that away.
in truth, by removing offensive material from our bookshelves there would be no media left.
they can have different sections, such as adult, children, and young adult.
there are sites such as can or .
my last reason is because on a computer you pretty much look for anything.
first of all, in the story it says and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke ().
this fantasy is possible you continue to use computers!
give each person the choice, and the rebellion will settle down.
maturity comes with understanding.
in this memoir, i think the mood created is very peaceful, happy, and homely.
how hand it would i had to hand writs all of my work and on the for information.
the cyclist explains how he had drank a lot of his water and was in need of some.
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but if you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
when was finally free from a main goal was to have our freedom of speech.
the features of the getting definitely affected the cyclist in many ways
when people grow up, they tend to start reading, watching, and listening to material that they would never let their children listen to.
no one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on.
are still some reasons why computers are not very good.
they can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school.
the ability to learn about foreign countries is a big part in learning as a student.
the mood in this memoir is inspiring to the narrator.
censoring any type of media such as books, magazines, movies, or music from a library is not right.
studies show that ninety percent of that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none.
anybody who is a of a company has a laptop.
newspapers publish articles, titbits, and many other things.
they need to have more than one copy of a book if they fight over one book.
i am not saying that i am totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on television.
it relax you.
the use of censorship in their society.
the clown appears during the interval between one feat and the other and makes the spectators laugh heartily.
this unbearable heat, coupled with the crippling hilly terrain was enough to reduce the cyclist to a stale of severe dehydration.
like the geese are coming back she is positive that she can take the test again.
books on the topic of religion would definitely have to be censored as well because people of differing religions.
many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it.
there are no buildings in site at all and no source of water.
you learn from your mistakes, they say.
is that not much evidence at all to show the people that something is wrong.
in my opinion no book should be censored from the library.
the computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases.
what is it that actually made these things intolerable in the first place?
most songs nowadays have an excessive use of fowl language, but even then that language is not intended to be taken in the way some people take it.
should be taken out of the library.
if people are wasting away, staring at their computer screen and not getting any sort or exercise in, the number will get bigger.
since the united states has changing seasons it allows the girl to get use to the united states.
first, it was hot.
looking outside the window, i saw snowflakes falling on everything.
everybody needs to see whats going on in the world.
the setting of the story affects the cyclist in a negative way.
to me, in my eyes is just not right.
kids in have many projects to do & most of these projects involve writing a paper.
those who have come to receive or see off their relatives leave for home.
finally, as i had somewhat mentioned earlier is that books are truly important.
it does not work like that.
i take care of them.
face it, forcing an atheist to read an emotionally comprehensive novel of the faith will not be stood for by the reader.
first thing is that computers are having a effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing.
in the story the cyclist is faced with the mental and physical journey he takes while riding his bike.
in foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself.
people take things differently than other people might.
the terrain went from being flat, to short rolling hills.
but it wont, for this we will live on in the after life.
so is going on the computer really so bad?
and some of the stuff now needs to be taking off of the shelves, but not everything
in the book , firemen would burn any book seen within a home.
this advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life.
lastly, you can even have fun, relax, and type out your papers for reports.
books can be offensive to many people.
computers can show you pictures of a place, but when you are actually there, it is really fascinating.
for rated movies they can have them in the library.
a safe and secure place to grow up in, in my opinion.
i do think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well.
growth is not meant to be limited, nor is freedom.
comments avid user.
the sacrificed everything everything leaving their families, friends, and career.
if your phone is not working you can also use the computer to communicate with your family.
children should not have to come across a discovery like that in a public facility, where fun and interesting facts should be found; not racial slurs.
this is directed mainly to children, however.
lastly, all of paragraph and explains how his parents risked everything to be in the .
if all libraries had more restrictions, it would be better off for everyone.
they have some bad parts about them too.
if you someone else they might not know the answer.
you should look at your own life, and think about what you find offensive.
at most jobs you have to know how to work a computer.
he had told me stories about various animals.
out in the world.
by keeping such materials shown or on display, cause children to engage in dangerous or unsafe actions.
without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper.
these conditions directly affect the cyclist.
luckily by next day my temperature came down to normal.
computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time.
the text also states, and the hibiscus is budding then i will take the test ].
they get so wrapped up in it that they miss out on their important daily activities.
some people would get very upset about how it was wrong because they are teaching the kids wrong about religion.
, i would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today.
lastly, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the internet freely.
my first hobby is gardening.
he does his duty honestly.
for instance, my friends all have the infamous?
that will save a lot of your day and it will save a lot of you money.
teens who are going to be immature about it does not deserve to have all those things.
i do not believe that this should be done.
but, the material of some books have gotten to be where every other word is a curse word.
so the mood created in the excerpt is loving and caring.
even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites.
first of all, most people only have a limited amount of time to things.
and its whatever they believe in is how it should go.
the internet truly is an amazing tool!
my name is .
it is understandable if one person does not agree with the material being placed into these books, but why should they ruin the entertainment for everyone else?
we use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games!
should be censored to protect the younger generations.
there was a great joy.
you go to a grocery store or a gas station and see magazines with inappropriate things on them.
what would you do if your parents hid a book or something else from you?
the mood created by the author is a heartwarming mood.
in my hamlet i was an early riser.
many people believe computers are good for nothing.
but they would never say anything to the library cause they know that i will be hearing these words all the time when i get older.
there was a large crowd of people outside the gate.
the writer leaves the reader with a sense of hope for the future by concluding with this paragraph.
she says this because she wants to move on now and try to get used to her new home.
while people can learn about faraway places from the safety of their houses, can also the computer for communication purposes.
my grades started to go down, i stopped interacting with my friends and family, and trouble on things.
you can look up stuff on the for your homework and other stuff.
these guys gave him wrong directions.
children go there and pick movies out.
or possibly you could be talking to some of your really close friends who live just across town.
he drank most of his water in the beginning of his ride so he gets very dehydrated.
who can tell you what you think is offensive or not?
these are the ways the environment the cyclist was in affected him.
so, please do not censor our libraries.
dear local newspaper?
that person can have there opinion but other people have opinions that might oppose the other persons opinion.
some teachers (including my own, ) have taken the initiative to incorporate the modern technology of computers into their teachings.
if the government notices citizens in our country with offensive magazines, books, movies, or music, is it right for them to grab it away?
every person black, white, yellow, brown, or even green has the right to freedom of space.
i had to wait for over an hour just to get on the computer to look information up.
at the beginning of his journey, the cyclist is relaxed and the features of his environment.
that story reflects that helping someone is a key to life.
advice and invite him to take part in every social work.
in other words nature is very nice and you should set out and enjoy it.
well i think so!
computer usage will keep you in the !
this shows how the author is very proud.
but there are so many benefits of a computer.
during this time, computers are becoming more and more popular.
how i would argue with this, is by listing my own experiences, observations, and readings.
so since you are not working out and your mind is always on the computer you can get sick.
let children have a choice in what book they read, or the movie they watch.
they act rashly and then repent.
using this, i keep in touch with my , my friend who moved, and even a friend from !
other material that could be offensive could not only be to children, it could be offensive to different races or cultures as well.
even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun.
offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material was used.
there has been incidents where that person did something illegal and then had to face the harsh consequences for that action.
that is how the terrain affects the cyclist.
people were not allowed to use computers most of the modern would not exist.
social networks such as and allow that.
the is trying to use the flower to show the reader how much a simple object can trigger a memory, thought and so on.
all those types of books are made from people that find excitement in reading.
talks about the immigrants in the area and how they come together with their different backgrounds.
if your worried about it take a break from it for a while.
is how people work, and keeping the material on the selves is how the people are pleased or motivated
tons of these people have not seen were .
with computers, you can also keep information down.
this reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing.
when she says that her babysitter was her first friend.
if we do this then all the problems will be solved.
they believe individuals might take offense to certain types of beliefs from the different variety of entertainment that they have in their library.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are using computers there days.
would be in the dark.
can i ever forget the octogenarian who stayed with us for two days.
people can do their work in the computer.
this means all media of any kind should be destroyed.
the only time people see mirages is when the are hot,tired, and about to kill for some water.
lastly, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
not to mention, the process is exceedingly type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need!
my son said.
many sports teams like the use this.
there are health problems created by computers, but they also teach the next generation that things come very easily.
the mood created by the author is fairly formal, with a few informal parts.
they should be mature enough to get through a book that has name calling and uses the profanity without laughing or taking it offensive.
so the computers have a positive effect on people.
the setting in this short story cause the cyclist to doubt his survival.
they all want to live a life sometime and act like they are adults.
so you can see why my family does not like computers.
the old men probably had close to no due what they were talking about considering things have changed since (when carter was in office).
the man was very crazy.
the theme of the story is that you can get used to a new environment by finding beauty in it and similarities to your old home.
you can always find a library around, there are no !
some people find something offensive while another person does not, therefore the music, books, movies, or magazines should not be removed from the shelves.
some people believe that, in some instances, it is perfectly fine, but others disagree.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness and happiness.
i once rented a movie expecting it to be a scary thriller about a killer in a trailer park.
if you find a movie, magazine, or even a book offensive then do not read it or do not watch it.
he get low on water & the setting is horrible.
the cyclist began to sweat due to the heat and thus he drank just about all of his water.
and how important my family is to me.
computers are wonderful.
these are just some of the great effects computers have on people.
speeding the development of climate change.
try neighborhood activities.
i think the mood the author set is loving.
second there would be less gossip.
computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday.
anyway most people use the computer to communicate nowadays.
that could have possibly impacted how she did on her driving test.
so go get yourself a computer and amazed!
the second reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
please get back to me with your thoughts on this issue within the next three days by email.
now days people can get offended over anything.
have you ever hopped on the computer and played a game?
being on the computer can harm even the computer.
a study made by students at shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are dropped almost in people that use computers often.
the computer looking at hotels and booking thou, this modern day technology has brought many humans to places they wanted to go.
trees help to prevent drought and floods.
in the story he said i and the growing ???
we should be grateful to the doctor.
in addition the computer benefits students very well.
whether it be going to the movies or just going to the library, children can see all the violence and misbehaving going on in the world today.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
if you force something upon a society of readers, then what will they have left for their own minds' freedom?
another way computers have helped academically is in schools.
the author was trying to show how she can change, and grow just like her plant.
the holocaust was an event that became known wide during which was a major historical event.
this is similar to the way a parent has their children eat healthy food instead of junk as they are growing up.
the fact that he had little water left is demonstrated in the statement, the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
, i am writing this letter to inform you about the use of computers.
no one wants the truth cut out of their reading materials.
you can also learn about far away places, like .
and families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff.
online chat rooms are very dangerous you never know who your writing to.
please consider the following.
some people learn on computers.
reading is an extremely popular activity.
students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and lastly focus more on their grades in school.
movies in the library are for teachers to show students.
the mood of the boy in this story was he was happy talking about how his whole family could come to his house for any meal in the day.
the reasons being .
some games allow you design and play as a character you created.
some believe that this material is not appropriate for anyone to view.
magazines like , or .
family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers.
having trouble in school?
if you need help or answers about certain things you can always find what you are looking for in a library, they have all the answers.
also his is happy.
they need the computer for that task.
some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive.
if a library decides to take out every offensive piece of literature and art what would be left?
the main issues that most people have with books are foul language, sex, and difference in opinion.
this could not work in our society today.
exercise is something should yet to.
music is a great thing that all age groups love.
that mean that there were a happy and friendly family.
how exactly does the make computers have a creative on society?
like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing their homework.
since music is categorized in such a way, there should be no need for them not to be on the shelves at a library.
in a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional a year more than people who buy books.
buses are always overcrowded during peak times.
the author could write a sequel to this one.
i intend growing plants of flowers.
the way the features of the setting affect the cyclist is by either making the ride easy for him or tough for him.
if we work together on taking care of all of the profanities then i bet the world would be a much safer and nicer place.
might of experienced something like this.
it is the best thing to research with.
a similar thing to this is instant messaging.
the internet will provide you with any information you need.
in addition to financial loss there is also a health issue.
they love to pain of others.
i really hope you will consider writing this article.
not to mention you can go with a family, friend of even be tutored.
they can answer almost any question you have, and have name a lot.
since i live by myself in , i miss my family a lot.
we should always give respect to our elders and teachers.
what even happened to cellphones, you can take.
computers are made it do all to help us learn.
most are probably so much time on the computer that there not getting enough physical activities.
computers can have their likes and dislikes.
in other words, computers are pleasurable.
this document that is saved can be changed and saved again even if the knowledge is offensive.
as you can see, some games can teach us how to type.
i understand that computers can be helpful to do school work but, kids who never get off can have life threatening weight problems in the future.
yellow journalism will never appeal to the baser instincts of people.
computers made these things much easier for people to accomplish.
he maintains order and peace.
one of the moods was happiness.
everyone in this world is different from the next person.
what is a memoir?
that is my last reason my opinion is what it is.
sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research!
instead of banning certain media, one should label said media with a warning.
history is around to be studied, even if the topics might be offensive to some people.
you can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on .
first of all, the heat cause the narrator to be uncomfortable and thirstier.
the mood in the memoir is happy.
she means she will not have her head down and be grateful of her new home and it with time.
my aunt is required to use her computer everyday at work.
with computers, it makes it possible to go online, look up the , research it and plan a flight there a week later.
the author talks about how thankful he is for his parents love and sacrifice.
dear i think it it good and bad.
i hope you agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
but, computers effect people the most.
when the cyclist started his day off ready to go.
however, to absorb, you gain new knowledge, be it of a new culture or new person.
to that back then they said it was devil music.
their are search engines that you can find your topics on.
they are the ones in charge of the kids.
you can sense throughout the whole story that he is completely grateful to his parents for the love they gave him, and their home life.
entire companies revolve around computers and if computers just ended, people would lose their jobs.
it just depends how sensitive people are.
i showed the determination she had in overcoming her problems with living in a new place.
there are some people out there that believe that if any material depicts anything bad then it should be removed.
our earth is one of them.
some experts think people are spending too much time on the computers, and less time exercising, playing outside, and having family time.
when i was about years old i loved to play on the computer i thought that this was just a game.
i hope you think about this
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the cyclist.
in conclusion, computers help in all different ways.
some of them are
with essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy.
this is also a thing that yet children have the ability to read about.
typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain.
also, when he was talking about how thankful he was for what his parents sacrificed for him.
one person thinks is bad, another not.
how bad would someone feel if they spent a year or two on a fantastic book, just to have it banned from library after library?
he relates this to the flower being strong enough to survive the winter months.
just a few days ago, i was playing a game where you had seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can.
i am going to explain how the setting of the cyclist affected him.
if you want to start dating again you can always start online.
a recent poll was taken and over of people who use their computers for more than hours a day have gotten glasses.
it takes you deeper into things.
people would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature.
i have to disagree though.
experts say that with computers at home get only of the exercise without computers get.
it shows her liking her new life for a few reasons.
now one day if you need one of these things remember this and check out the hottest sites on the .
the author is happy that had a real family.
this memoir really sets of mood of love and comfort.
he returned to india.
you can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them.
no matter what are you doing, you are usually doing more on the than on the .
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise.
use his left hand, as other children do.
also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment.
some people make you feel bad if your bigger than they are.
that can be very dangerous to your health.
it is truly impossible to make every single person happy with everything in the world.
people should be able to do what they enjoy and not have that taken from them.
it seem like i am on a lot, but really i have something.
the author obviously had a purpose to write the novel, compose the music, or to deliver the movie.
those people wrote the books, movies, magazines, and music so it should be expressed the way they wanted it to be.
the most challenging problem faced by the author was the lack of water.
and then we have no books left on the shelve for any of us.'
i told her no, with my reason being that i found it to be a very interesting book!
i have to do a lot of math problems for homework and i think it is much easier to use a calculator.
then i hate falsehood.
it has books on all subjects.
she recognizes the fact that she is now coming to be familiar with many of the things about her new hone that she had initially thought to be strange.
both these books are popular even today.
very little of baby movies, and baby music.
an example is, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
the last but not least reason is kids are forming a bad eye sight.
dear newspaper, i heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society.
also computers have been a major part in entertainment.
finally, once you have your information all you have to is your source.
it not be the best choice because movies rated let the audience know its for a mature audience over the age of .
the cyclist is affected because the setting is depressing and frightening.
but instead he just sit there online everyday eating.
so, should that magazine be removed?
even if some content is offensive some people it could still be a important part of history that people need to know
we take if you are caught doing , you can go to prison.
my last reason is, communicating with others is a great skill to have so you can talk in person.
one book or movie seem offensive to you, but not to another person.
, the family created the mood of togetherness, especially going through hard times.
it can fix relationships, save lives, help you get over fears and see the world.
worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature.
the geese are also included in the end to show the new country she has adapted to because she recognizes when the geese come and go.
my father bought the tickets and we entered the gate.
you might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer.
this quote is comforting and adds to the homey mood.
once a road needs to be repaired, work is done that pollutes into the environment even more.
yet not all parents allow their twelve year old to watch a rated movie.
magazines also offer a source of learning.
i am not here to say that we should band any materials that are offensives because everything is offensive to somebody.
we must look kindly upon the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer.
when you can talk to them in seconds!
finally, computers allow you to learn about other places.
no parent is ready to tell there child at the age of three what a four letter word means.
another quote that states that the features of the setting affects the cyclist is flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
many families do not live close to other relatives, making hard to see them.
however is that really the right choice?
computers let us keep in touch with others.
it had basically described that the family did not have much, but made the best of what they did have.
to help fight this cause!
feeling lazy, she sits down.
maybe even more curtains for your room?
he might have died from dehydration.
i felt safe and confident when i went jump to my hamlet.
why would you ever censor anything in a library?
you could also learn about news faster without writing for it to come on the news channel.
when they need to be working on their they get distracted and start to go and their own thing.
one object, such as a book, a movie, or a magazine, can teach a person millions of lessons.
they should simply do something to let people know what to expect when they read the books, magazines, or movies.
then there are online geeks, who like to get online for video games.
this would be hard for a cyclist who is thirsty.
with different writers comes different books.
this is a little bit about what i think of this letter.
this is what happiness really is.
out of house hold have computers, or of does.
i was happy with my choice as i checked it out.
sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers?
besides, most music and books are meant to entertain, not offend.
music is healthy to the mood of a person.
in the spring shows when the flower will come back.
this is because we all have to go through some point in school where we find something offensive for example wars, slavery, and politics.
the offensive things found in a library.
computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it.
for others it could just be words.
all you need is computer (of course), a microphone or headset, some speakers, and a special software.
secondly, people should play with real people.
this quote shows how he was given love by his family and friends through these celebrations.
and your culture.
well i say we should because computers has everything you need as in info, games, school, websites where you can by clothes.
if a teen goes to a library and can not find what they want at that location, they will simply move on to another location.
their loads from place to place.
that brings us in next issue.
the spring is a time for archetypal rebirth.
in conclusion the setting really affected the cyclist because it determined his endurance and will power.
education can get anywhere, if you want it.
just by using a computer you could easily go online, search friends you want to to better, and chat with them.
a second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research.
that is why i think the author tried to create a sense of wonder with the final paragraph.
the author is constantly talking about, and remembering, what her home was like when she was growing up.
in conclusion i believe you should be able to check anything that is on the shelf.
how did he make himself glorious among all other creations?
there are also many different genres of novels, movies, music, and magazines.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer?
the flower represented the light and hope for the future.
first off, he is cycling in the hot, dry, desert.
now imagine if computers faded away?
you could think before you reply and most people online talk or write way differently there then in person.
do you what is?
should those offensive materials be removed from libraries?
i think the authors mood is, honored, proud, loving, and appreciated.
have you ever wondered how a computer can help you in your ever day life.
it has raised the threat of a nuclear war.
as for myself i am one of those on the side of which is for computers.
i strongly feel that every book was created for people to read and gain knowledge, on what every aspect of what the book is.
when he arrives at an old rusty water pump, he feels disappointed and tastes a liquid that resembles battery acid.
the mood that the author in the memoir has created is a soft happy and mood.
the possibility are endless on the web.
in the text, the features of the setting greatly affect the cyclist.
another reason is because there is some history on some websites.
if it is taken offensive they should tell the librarian and then if very many more people say it is offensive then it can be taken off the shelf.
the library should be more strict on the material that the people in the library look at on a day to day basis.
it is a very communist thing to do.
he was a little scared at the fact he might die because of everything around him was in a sense dead.
i hope you agree with me after reading this.
our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons.
like talk to friends, look up info and teach skills.
the scene was frightening and i had no courage to get inside the train at all.
this is because most people are usually on their computers.
although i am sort of split on this issue, there are some very good reasons why to move the offensive materials away from the shelves.
soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse.
this extends your friend ships with people.
and you end up being successful.
so do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all the music you listen to is offensive?
everyone has a different point of view and no one person has the correct or wrong point of view that the has to follow
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
also to get pictures.
so what are you doing readers?
the author concludes the story with this because she really cared the hibiscus.
and your spend all your time on the computer.
from educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life.
that is one of the beauties of being an citizen: freedom of speech.
life would be very difficult without them.
aside from that computers make life easier.
as more and more of these books are released, the more likely it becomes that children will be reading these offensive stories.
they moved from their country so that he could grow up in .
everywhere so much of noise is there and the people have grown insensitive and are not affected by this.
when you go to the various sections of your local library, what section do you start sprinting towards?
also many people have an email!
such content requires material as violence, drugs, and nudity.
certain people like certain kind of music.
with the skills of typing you can work at places like the city of where they type every day and work hard.
if this type of movie is not , then i know that some of this stuff on the screen happen in real life.
when i tried a drop or two, it had the flavor of battery acid.
finally, there are many online games that are very useful.
you would have to have use the bid maps driving to places.
once we reached there, our teacher helped us to select a comfortable place to sit.
whenever your bored you can go play online games.
either way with the book left on the shelf or taken off it is still going to be a problem with name calling.
it dint really matter.
in the backyard, there is a small vegetable garden.
when she was riding it was very hot this caused the cyclist to lose energy and dehydrate.
computers also let you learn about different places and people around the world.
dear , i do not think people use the computer to much.
they have to exist with the affected the cyclist.
this is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased.
why talk on the internet to a friend when you can meet up with them and do something fun?
dear newspaper , i think that people spend way too much time on the computer these days.
in the we have the technology of a computer.
work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends.
stop being lazy and get out.
people use the internet to help them.
finally, they end up forcing people into an unhealthy lifestyle.
people are being lazy and use excuses on why they need a computer.
if you do not want your children reading or hearing certain things, then tell them so.
all the times i go to the libraries i have never come across a book that was offensive.
i use the computer for mostly everything i do.
affect the cyclist in many ways.
as you can see, the computer has an impressive list of entertaining for all ages, not to mention sites like or addicting games.
also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type.
dear , you think computers help society?
movies are required to have ratings so the audience knows the extent of the maturity you must have to watch the film.
the mood that the author created throughout the course of the memoir was a sense of happiness but also family.
there are people that think that any libraries should have any bad books.
many people wanted it to be censored.
as the man moves on he comes to a fort of sorts.
he helps the students who are weak in their studies.
this passage shows obstacles he had to go through in which he did and made it with a little confidence.
certain things are put there for certain people.
these were some reason why you should not use the computer.
with them we can talk to others from far away, and fast.
what you look and keep the little kid with you in the house.
another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now.
there is another way of cheating, copying others work, essays or articles form a website.
in school you are not offered what you want to read.
relationships are suffering, and computers are at fault.
why do we build schools and take much trouble to examine children in what they have learned?
a instance of this is i began breaking the ride down into distances.
once that child becomes and adult they have all the rights to decide what they want to get from a library.
, like most , has quests, with varying difficulties.
therefore, the author ended with that paragraph to show a comparison and the importance of the flower to her adapting.
they all rotate round the sun.
is good to research for any projects, or school assignments you have.
another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take.
we should censor the libraries so that nobody gets hurt
you have the same belief and understanding as me?
weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful.
it helps people to learn about others and information about them.
dear, , name is and i am a students in middle school.
computer allow families to see each other online.
most kids by the age of have already used a computer for over hour.
they carry her in their arms like a puppy, as she is lighter and softer to handle.
we would need a computer to type it to make it looks better.
it is not only unnecessary, but unconstitutional.
he has a limited water supply, and he keeps coming cross ghost towns, where the only water is boiling brackish water that is unfit for human consumption.
the is a book of understanding and knowledge.
he also says some of the people who became depressed start thinking of suicide.
we are all entitled to our own opinions and beliefs.
personally, the sim are my favorite.
i would like to thank you for reading this.
are these books you want your children to be reading?
these are the reasons why i think using computers is a good thing.
some other people think differently.
when they be spending all the time on the is because they like to be online.
a mature person will not want to read elementary books their entire life.
the hills prove to be a challenge with a limited supply of water.
while some books are censored because of shame, some are censored because a certain group of people find it offensive.
computers in an life can help in the long run.
one case is how people should know about the holocaust in the .
my mother was concerned about the lyrical content of the songs i would listen to.
they could get into a lot more trouble then they want to get in.
dear editor, i see that there is an argument between computers being good or bad.
another feature of the setting is the rolling hills that make him feel like he is never going to reach the next town.
ignore the adds on the television or computers that have more than what you need to know in them or if they make you feel uncomfortable watching them.
i hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens.
i think there are several ways why and why not to take books out of our libraries.
even if you are able to put a censorship on books and music at a library, you can' censor the internet.
your body is special and your health is important.
that would be on the parents plate to deal with.
farmers prepare the fields likewise and sow seeds there.
this is what i think should be done with this offensive materials.
we can not escape the diversity in which we live in.
i am writing to the newspaper, about removing certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, and more.
when it comes to some things some are more opinionated than other, but in the end we all have something that we feel strongly about.
computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends.
all arrangements had been made.
some were talkative and others were quiet.
the flat ground models how there is nothing around that can help the cyclist, which made him scared.
i always hate when i try to get something when you find out you have to be or older or have an adult with you.
libraries are many libraries throughout the that stock their shelves with materials such as books, magazines, music and movies.
then maybe the library should consider removing the item.
it would make things was easier and faster to find the book of your selection
finally in paragraph the author explains how he learned the true definition of family.
thank you for your time.
their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally.
you can also watch on there!
if one person feel the book was offensive to them then they would take it off the shelves.
but who knows where technology can take us.
you have a choice there.
at first the cyclist feels fine, he gets a little bit discouraged, but basically hes fine.
in conclusion, computers keep you from spending time with your family, has students misspelling words, and distracting you from doing your homework.
dear , the question is close too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
you should think about after math like thoughts and opinions from everyone else.
if everyone found it offensive, no one would buy or read it, and because of that, it would no longer be produced.
help them pick out a book.
i really want you guys to hear out my story.
but, you most likely are going to need a credit card.
video games also require parental consent depending on the rating of the game.
we should choose how long were using one computers.
the author wrote of rough terrain and isolation.
the second reason books and music should be censored is the simple fact of respect.
so the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids.
when you were a child how much did you learn from books?
read on and see why i disagree.
it was real troublesome.
for movies, music, and magazines, there are already limitations on how old you have to be to buy or rent them.
it can cause many problems with others.
secondly, is a great way to learn about history.
it would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer.
a god fearing person will never become sinful or violent.
i do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society.
what are the conversations mostly about?
plain and simple.
some peoples might be talk to their family members.
libraries offer many things to help people in enriching their knowledge about a certain belief, so they should not be censored.
or if you have ever wanted to drive a stock car you could play a game online.
for example, .
this is great for not only school, children but adult to.
another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library.
no matter what, someone is always going to take offense to something.
i also feel like this somewhat goes along with the idea of free will.
another example, i was hitting my water bottles pretty regularly.
i remember a time when i read a book, and it had some really offensive things about homeless people.
computers effects many people for what it does.
my blood ran cold.
censorship should be evident in all sections of the library.
you should have a certain amount of time on the computer and go have fun and do what you want to do except go on the computer.
there are many ways you can exercise.
shows deep feeling towards nature.
they have lots of ways to video chat, message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with.
this would be a big problem for everybody involved.
when you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be.
i think that one has there on taste in music.
people think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public.
kids like me always have homework on the computer.
lincoln is regarded as the greatest american president.
if we cant deal with these problems first then computers will turn out to be a bad thing.
it affects him physically because of the rolling hills he has to trudge over and the lack of water he has.
he thanks his parents repeatedly throughout the memoir for the love, caring, family, friends and selflessness they brought into his life.
also his friends could come over too.
if we take these books from our shelves we are harming ourselves and allowing us to become ignorant.
it is possible for anything to offend anyone.
when the cyclist got to the first town he said that it looked dead.
i believe that if it is on the shelf then anyone can pick it up.
in this is how we could censor books in libraries.
the sweat dropping down him is just speeding up his dehydration.
however their information is out of date, and takes the cyclist through rolling hills and bumpy roads.
thank you for your time, ,
in the , everyone has certain unalienable rights.
she provides us milk and bullocks for the agriculture work.
the physical strain of avoiding a snake in the middle of the road and the dangerous terrain just put him in a more grading position.
yes sometimes i read a book that i find offensive, but i have learned that if i do not like does not mean someone else does not.
its the readers right to choose weather or not to read the material.
one that is more family oriented and safe for children eyes.
and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others.
i know cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in .
would you get offended?
instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings.
if so, then maybe we should something.
people go to the library because they want to either get away, or just to be free and grab a nice book.
books, manuscripts, and other forms of literature should not be taken off the shelves even if they are disturbing or offensive.
this websites help take your mind off a bad day.
i wanted to be brave and be strong.
they can also talk about if they want to go some fun.
the snake and rolling hills slow him down, and make him use more energy.
a lower selection of books means less people have a reason to go there.
not one person shares the same hunger of reading material.
the magazine, , has articles about how to become skinny.
the censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unjust.
he had been a slave boy.
they often find their joy in these things.
i think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often.
to show how she feels in her new life and leave an opening for people to draw conclusions.
this shows that the plant was not the same because there were also no buds.
because it means so much to us!
dear , i think that if a book is on a shelf the book should be taken off if found offensive.
the rolling hills in the story also affect the cyclist.
the kids should not see them or know about them at all.
i would have to say no.
in some ways when you use the computer and you type, the typing exercises your fingers.
in conclusion this is how the mood creates the author.
computers help the society a great deal.
they complete us all.
when you are on the computer.
these are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
being outside can be lots of fun too.
books, movies, music and etc.
he chose a path the old men said would have a town nearly eighteen miles down the road.
so in other words i do think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines
they are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer.
students contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment.
the author sends a message to her readers when one leaves what they once had.
sometimes, we just want a good book to read.
then parents could be happy if there little boy or girl could only read certain books because of how old they are.
if a book, magazine, movie, etc, is found offensive then you should just walk away and ignore it.
our society could continue to greatly advance with the help computers.
if you saw a book on the shelf of your library that took offense to you in some way or another how would you react?
or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work?
dear the , people have been saying that computers are not beneficial, but they are wrong.
computers have a very positive effect on people.
he is grateful for that.
some families even eat dinner at the computer.
computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words.
many of them watch these sport on tv, and many buy tickets to their gems and matches.
for example, some adult books etc.
you can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once.
without newspapers, people cannot get knowledge and news of our country and the world.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is happy.
the question is what effects do computers have on people?
computers are one way of communicating to loved ones in far away places.
they need to know that there are still racists out there even though society tries to cover it up.
one reason why i think there should be censorship is because of minors that want to see things that not be suitable for them.
students will eventually learn all about these offensive magazines, movies, music, and books someday in their lifetime.
family lives quite a distance away, well some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility.
there are other ways to solve this problem.
it is not reality.
the author is most proud of his parents because of tier love and sacrifice.
the author gives information about his background and how his parents were proud of it.
both of which he is still happy to have today.
all books have different themes and subjects and all readers have different opinions on them.
most magazines, music, books, and movies you take off the shelf today are not so happy or mysterious that you think.
if this was done everyone would have a book to read a magazine to look at music to listen to and a movie to watch
libraries is a place where all sorts of literature comes together in one place where it can be seen and read by those who admire literature.
i also agree with that.
she yelled us and said, 'i would have thought your parents raised you better than that.'
if not for solely learning but for reference.
she finally had something from home that she could hold.
maybe their going outside and getting exercise, or their brains could be getting sucked into a computer screen.
this advancement in technology has made the century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society.
they let you communicate quicker.
she found that the condition of the wounded was hopeless there.
children rush to their classes and then the school becomes quiet again.
i picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak.
my last reason is that computers are the general health of people today.
that is why there are restricted areas for children of certain age.
this final piece of evidence is located in paragraph seven.
it is their right as an to buy what they want.
so once the clock turned to , i put her to sleep.
that is how it should go.
the newspaper, news, and internet make events appear worse than what it is, if it refers to certain people they take it offensive.
this is not good.
i am against any material that are offensive to someone or something else.
he waters them.
a mood of hospitality was also shown in this memoir a lot.
it needs to be fixed.
when they need to order supplies, most times they will go to a web site and order online.
so when she feels that comfort again she will be brave and go take the test.
however, if this device was not around, we would have to use postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money.
even she heard their voices.
on several occasions, my family have planned trips together even though we live across the continent.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
how his parents came there as immigrants and made a life for themselves and then him.
when he come over the bend he cave to his troubles road and thirst
my mother brought milk and biscuits for me.
thank you for reading.
the word itself is a symbolism of slavery, without it, the book is not as powerful.
simply anything could be seen as offensive to anyone.
from my experience, reading these things are honestly kind of helpful.
books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
all of these things can help you in a way
the book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity.
there is no point in taking books off the shelves.
it is not healthy for you or anyone else.
we found that we both have accounts and keep in touch there!
one important thing that i have that means so much to me & my is the that my gave to us right before he passed away.
this is why the author concludes the story with the paragraph to show she has hope.
some people feel they have a positive effect, such as learning new information, and interacting or chatting with other people.
i believe this because computers provide us with communication skills.
for example, things such as religion.
plane and simple.
computers are ruining lives.
games on the internet are also very bad.
she is afraid that her parents are going to be mad at for not passing the test, therefore she buys a flower that she sees for it remind.
they are the ones who are raising the kids, not the library.
please use computers to help our everyday routine.
dear , has come to attention that certain members of our society believe that computers are not beneficial.
a computer hacker hacks a computer and shut of power to an entire city for about days.
all the descriptions of his family cooking and family neighbors eating together is enough to make anyone feel happy.
you believe its pointless but almost the whole uses it.
censoring books could take away from learning.
personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today.
these stories teaches us life lessons.
there are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects.
we have our constitution, we know our rights, now why are people nowadays thinking they can change them?
authors use conclusions to wrap up a story, or to make the reader think.
so this is a lot better than driving and paying gas for visiting.
there are certain genres for certain age groups, and there are a lot of materials in libraries that parents do want their children to even hear the name.
also, he is in the middle of the desert , where he faces tumbleweeds crossing his path a large snake that are possible poisonous in the way.
they give him a sense of comfort.
i just think that people should write for the pure joy of it, not to persuade people to do something bad,or give bad thoughts or ideas.
people spend to much time on the .
censoring a library would not make it any easier to keep young children away from certain materials that are offensive.
it demonstrates this in the story when it says the quote above.
these days, people are mature enough to read offensive material.
you can use computers for exercise then it is also up to the on limits.
need directions to a restaurant?
the next reason is that it could cause rate of the materials to go down.
first of all, more and more kids are using computers way more often than they should.
her books focus a lot on how girls need to watch what they are doing to keep themselves safe.
when the snows melt, and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
have good times and cheer you up when you upset.
once it is gone, it will be forgotten.
a lot of peoples time.
the card could have their name, age, grade, and date of birth.
who can say what is offensive to everyone?
we reached the railway station.
children need to be careful about they say or show on the internet.
this gives him hope and reassurance.
it is still making them learn some thing.
have you ever read something that you have found offensive, upsetting, or has made you mad?
first, people will be concentrated on the computer and not their family.
police are shown as stupid and slow and civil characters shine by contrast.
for instance, most front page content is about the wars and hostility in the world.
when he finds that he is out of luck and cannot drink the bitter tasting water, his hope droop a little.
you should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about.
i love all kinds of music, so nothing should be banned.
but why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library?
i chuckled this shows that the author is still in good spirits because he can still laugh.
these two objects made his situation mentally harder to get through because he was so close to what he needed numerous times, then it was taken away.
if all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday.
so that way not only do you get to talk to them, but you can see them too.
an efficient man achieves some tasks within a short period.
making a section for adults would help stop kids from reading adult material.
some material, when reached to a specific town, can cause an uproar that can shake an entire community.
computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well.
with this, you can play many fun while learning about interesting facts about science.
computers are robots they do lots for us.
well i have.
therefore starting a fight.
instead you can look up the facts you need online.
there are also books about politics.
which would you rather read?
a kid grow up knowing not to talk to people they do not know but never really understand what bad could come out of it.
and there were no buildings structures of people around to give him a lift or water.
things get censored for a lot of reasons, too!
i can and will say i experimented with life.
they even indulge in many criminal activities.
i also play the game with my friends in the neighborhood.
a song can a as much as it can take one away.
everyone needs exercise.
the world needs its materials.
the effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to.
this type of material should only be given to an older audience.
the world is full of possibilities though, anything could happen.
some might not like comedy because of some of the rude humor.
usually, the intended purpose of the product is not meant to be negative.
he expresses his gratitude several times.
some of these books could be helpful to the people who choose to read it.
libraries are one of the best places to find those materials.
if those are removed i do not think that people would care that much.
i felt that she had hope because she is willing to take the test again.
i know a kid named who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over.
going back to research, what about for solving crimes?
we should not get rid of the obscenity at all.
many different races take interest in new books to learn new ways.
people in the workplace are distracted two.
i give her milk every day.
first reason is they give the ability to learn about people and places in the world.
these kind of game also bring people to dangerous.
i hope you and the readers of this paper see my point of view.
but when in not doing my school work talking to my friends online.
with an understanding of these basic freedoms, one would think that censorship is against the law considering it is one of the five basic freedoms granted to citizens.
the materials might not have an effect right away but later on down the road it could have a giant effect on them.
now and days this world has some shocking things in it but to put things like this in a library is horrible.
yes, there should computer are good things and are good help.
he also puts on a strange-looking cap.
they would love who they were and they would not believe what another person says about them or what they look like.
he got to grow up in a very nice family and in a nice way.
my second reason for thinking computers have a good effect on people is technology.
most music and movies these days use bad language or show people having sex or without proper clothing.
there is also some magazines that just talk drama and criticize famous people.
of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places.
that is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time.
just how the hibiscus reminded her of home life, the geese will remind her of springtime.
the libraries should be more responsible with the content that they have on their shelves.
that content times of the year the world around her changed.
do you just leave it there, or take it away so no one can read it?
people complain about explicit content in novels when in actuality, there are many novels without explicit content.
the computer can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future.
computers take time away from spending time outside, or exercising.
that way the people who like that kind of stuff can still get to it but the children can not.
limited computer use or parental control would really help prevent this.
this is where computers come in.
with your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover play outside.
so come and see why computers are a good choice to have and use.
should not be taken away from the library shelves because there will always be some offensive objects that some individuals will find offensive no matter what the object is.
you could use that time to socialize with friends and family.
other then likes and dislikes is the problem of offensiveness.
you might even find a lady bug.
a lot of it is especially not for young children.
kids lately have been making lives on the internet.
just like how they have an adult and children section.
the features of the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit affect the main character the cyclist.
also, nature becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind.
in conclusion, the seeing does affects the cyclist and his mindset drastically.
she realizes it is just a part of life and that in order to succeed you have to fail.
by keeping the hibiscus in her garden she can have a beautiful reminder of whose she came from.
her mother adds to the theme of starting over by saying.
some of us do like those kind of movies or book or even magazines and think that is very cool or interesting
you would get your way.
i have chosen this ambition with confidence and after a lot of thinking.
if the audience is mature enough to handle it, they should be able to watch it.
now you can talk and see a person in video chat.
if individuals find the material offensive they should turn their back and not read or watch the programs.
individuals should all have individuality.
because of some of the programs like , or , i am able to converse with cousins.
this shows that even though she failed it this time when the hibiscus gets bigger she will retake the test, it shows ???
you to watch popular with today.
seeing this plant again makes her remember memories from her homeland.
clearly, they are a positive addition to our world.
i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or many things i learned there about how to love.
but if your were to take away ever book someone found offensive there would be hardly any books left in this world.
not everyone agrees that technology is benefit to our growing well, but i believe it keeps us moving forward and away from ignorance in all of its forms.
what is your choice in these actions.
have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country?
computers could also be used for bad reasons.
the library has a section for children only.
when the cyclist found open store with modern bathrooms, he had an overwhelming urge to seek out , kiss them, and buy some bait.
'i look like i am dead and dress like a homo', is another line from the song.
those are the reasons i thought the mood set by the author was happiness.
i was taken to its class of the primary section.
do you think that books, music, magazines, movies should be removed form a libraries shelf?
in my opinion children should be able to read what ever they like and by doing that they can teach themselves many things.
they think it is cool seeing someone else doing drugs, violence, or nudity.
by censoring rape from media, we are ensuring that the people in future generations never learn about rape.
his parents always allowed family members to come and stay.
learning new things is something that every school teaches and there should be no limit to what we can learn.
it is our choice to watch the movie without no one telling us if we should or not.
absolutely nothing, but to teach them to take them home and show there little brother or sister a cuss word in the book is teaching them bad things.
workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays.
overall, this memoir had a very positive and happy mood.
thank you for your time.
further along, he said, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
first, children watch movies and they see to people kissing and one thing leads to another.
this go for children and adults alike.
they are preventing people from exercising, going outside, are are just making them stay in there house all day.
i doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise.
countless times i was in desperate need for information.
what they are told on the television is thought of to be factual, and that is what they do all day.
i feel that magazines and joke books are welcome in the libraries of teenagers.
food music and all.
other material, however, most people are not interested in having to see and our young children should not be subjected to that.
initially, imagine you have a project due in two days.
similarly, censorship limits what people can watch.
the author describes a home filled with many good friends and good memories.
censorship in libraries can steer kids in the right direction.
the author added this last part because it tied and matched so well with the story.
i think they do.
lastly the computer strengthens hand eye coordination
many people, could agree with me.
you do not have to listen the songs or watch these movies.
you would lose your career.
most who are very pole also never get to outside using the internet all the time.
the computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures.
often i get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information.
he set up a different group of disciples called bhikkus.
i believe that spending too much time on the computer could be a bad thing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in ways of feeling doubtful, confidence, determination and relief.
it goes on to tell how he is dehydrated in worn out.
i also think students rely on computers to do work too.
more and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life.
instead, my father called using .
lastly, will stop you from spending time with friends and family.
he will abuse of you or kill you.
my final reason, kids get tired from being on the computer for so long.
here is my second reason.
this is happening more and more frequently.
that is why it is good to have a computer.
it is not just movies that we have to worry about though.
first is the emptiness, the feeling that he is all alone.
many say that ignorance is bliss, but is it really when people impose their ideas on others?
children should be outside getting bigger muscle, getting strong bones.
a book on be inappropriate in the eyes of a , but that book be sacred to a .
it must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful.
second of all computers provide a tremendous amount of entertainment.
offensive material should be removed from libraries.
lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature.
she will make it.
people need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer.
i believe that computers have more of a benefit than they do a draw back.
the books should not be taken of the shelf because they will entertain and educate other children or parents.
why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country.
the rough road not only would take a toil on the authors body, but also his mind.
just have to control yourself.
those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together.
people can chose to quit listening to a song, quit watching a movie, or quit reading a book or magazine that they find offensive.
it can be useful to both adults and children.
making his house a home and always being there for him.
the books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them.
the plant will grow if it can adapt.
i also do not appreciate the other material found in our libraries.
seventy years ago, japan was a backward country.
do you want that?
by removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society begin to the pain for reform.
most magazines that are being sold today is giving children the wrong idea.
its not just the kids seeing the stuff its everyone.
while computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing.
we need to leave every book on the shelves.
the very computer you love can harm you.
not just certain types of genre and themes or magazines.
right to speak freely; to watch what they please; and so on.
therefor you should always check you destination on a bike before just going for it.
someone who wants to can so do not take that away from the people that want to read .
a good way to do that would be using email or instant messaging.
thing thing another and of a madden, or hours have already passed by.
you can also learn sports and games.
that why movies are rated, so that a parent could what kind of movie their going to be watching.
it saved his life.
you can go on google and type in your projects subject and get over results in a fraction of a second depending on your bandwidth.
the setting and it`s features affect the cyclist greatly.
we would be living in a much more healthy and clean word.
all help make our lives a lot easier at times.
i hope to start seeing that in the future
this made me have to find a new book for the project.
you will get bad grades in school.
i think that only if there is real offensive stuff then it should be censored.
budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important.
instead up being blinded by the screen, you can get blinded from the sun outside by riding a bike.
his parents are loving people and so is .
they also are incredibly out of shape.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a very positive effect on people.
computers normally have effects like this on the people that use them.
have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book.
like my mom gives me a limited the computer my laptop has to be off on a school night.
there would be no more internet.
the internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade the minds of everybody.
how would you like it if someone was putting down your religion?
in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
among others, i find that if you censor one thing, you censor them all.
i always thought that was part of our constitutional right.
the next example of how the features and the settings
what if they wanted to do that to you if you wrote maybe some bad stuff in a little writing.
all these combined gave the author a hard time but in the end he found a bait and tackle shop where he was saved
removing a book from the shelf is completely unfair to the other people who visit the library.
those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer.
overall think the library is not a place to take things away when any one is welcome.
do you want to lose a friend or family member?
so you see computers are not that bad.
if somebody switched that word it could lead to it happening again.
some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do our homework.
the owners of these libraries know what is going to upset people and what will not.
personally, i would love to decide for myself.
also, this is what a lot of people normally face which is a challenge cause of dehydration.
i have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents.
you could bring them anywhere you would like.
lastly, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people from all around the world.
the features in the story tell me that it was in a very dry, not populated area.
now i can advance to the next reason.
now can not type out, and still do all his other homework.
it effect their lives depending on what age they were introduced to such things.
even though, i love my computer, i know that computers can have a bad effect on people.
how about if you are a mother, are you going to want to read a novel or magazine about abortion?
like say you been planning a trip to for your honeymoon but never been there or know anything about it, but your honeymoon is a month away.
society plays a big part in the ideas and thoughts of most writers.
mostly every person has a computer and it does not effect there lives a lot.
here are some reasons why you should get a computer for your family.
the rolling hills of the road were making him use more energy.
that is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world.
just imagine, late at night, pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay due tomorrow.
it is a fact of life.
this permission slip will and can be used for all movies.
you can argue if something is mediocre, is offensive; i will argue back, just because i have the right to voice my opinion as you do.
although i see why some people oppose to computer, i completely and utterly disagree.
computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance!
that even though you left your family, friends, jobs everything is okay because you are with each other.
when the spring comes, she will bud with the flower and take the test again.
i personally use these websites weekly.
computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework.
next, he came to a shed desperate for water only to find rusty pumps with tainted, unsafe water.
how will someone know what to expect or what to do?
i heard music and learned some .
everyone should have the right to these books, magazines, movies, and music.
i like discovering things on my own.
now many books are starting to be found offensive to our society today.
there are some magazines that they have but they are good magazines even for children to read.
in conclusion, libraries should not censor any of their materials.
please take this info your next .
without any of these enjoyments what would people do with their free time?
everyone has the right to have their own opinion.
it has a very big bag in his stomach.
different crowds of people have different interests that offend others.
this could very well be the poll your took.
we type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen and then our hands to type, one mistake and automatically our hand fix it.
i believe that the parent should be able to trust their own child not to look at it.
it will not give you a job or school education.
the rating system would decrease the complications and help others to be more free with their decisions
and learn about new things everyday.
let your kids or grandchildren find out the danger on there own rather then you just keep telling them.
since some internet sources are very social, and not all people are kind, mean and inappropriate articles and language could be read.
i enjoy the morning walk very much.
an example of this would be there was no one in sight,not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
imagine my joy and pride when i was able to row the boat and keep it on course.
its ability to do such should not be compromised.
its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences.
your whole job depends on the computer and typing.
should be removed from the shelves.
i disagreed with that, i thought i should have the right to have watch it because i liked the shows and they were interesting to watch.
you can type in any question or place into a search engine and instantly get results.
she loved her heritage which she still adore today.
they need a trusted adult to rely on to tell them how to feel, to act, to do, even to think.
i neutral, like from .
once while i was watching the , a man said people died because of playing on the computer for over days with little food or water.
now, stating those two things, has come to my attention that the computer is also extremely helpful.
let me explain more these reasons.
this part makes you feel warm and happy about family.
that right in the quote that is feeling grateful!
of how things use to be before white and colored people were treated the same.
also the roads were long and very bumpy and windy.
computer have deprived everyone of the outside.
that is the first reason i think that computers are good for people.
readers could learn from the books how racism affects people, and why it is wrong.
if there was little kids that want to read kid books then they should have a section for them.
if someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people.
was eternally grateful for what they did.
he has two little ears.
readers want a variety of books, music and movies to choose from.
we learn about our history for a reason, does any of this resemble a situation or two the world has already been through?
they will be happier, trust me.
now the cyclist was experiencing major heat, sweat, and dehydration.
those movies are watched by people of all ages.
the word breezy shows that the cyclist can enjoy riding the bike because there is a breeze.
brain damage could be a serious problem that could be caused by something as simple as looking at a computer screen.
you might not know it hut all the communications in the world need a .
a lot of people believe that books are useless and should not even be on a shelf.
finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible.
offensive material to one person might be what another person wants or needs to read, whether for recreation or class.
some of these important things are: online catalogs, the news and another one the most important things of all job openings.
this part of terrain shows its effect.
we had to leave all of our family and friends behind.
the mood the author used in the memoir is showing how proud their family is.
overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework.
you have to expect that from kids now a days.
this is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week.
this process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair.
with so people absorbed with online drama, friends, and even video games, family interaction is declining.
what i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something.
many people also use the internet for communication purposes.
computers have become a part our everyday life.
everything and everyone has to be perfect.
thank you for taking time to read my letter.
in the story a cyclist is riding his bike and takes directions from some old men.
and did i say it was against the law, because it is.
although on my computer i can actually see her on my screen.
you can search good trails to hike on that are near where you live.
and then we have no book left on the self for any of us.'
it also effects him because he had an advantage.
first, lets talk about obesity.
these are best portrayed in books that are sometimes removed from the shelves because of hard lessons or graphic words used.
and lastly, the readers, who can do all of the above and read!
i feel like there is one main mood which is thankfulness made up of many different moods.
the hot sun beamed down on the cyclist.
next, i believe movies should be censored because now a days we are letting are children watch every and anything they want too.
spring season is the best time for doing any work.
the second girl asked, confused. '
he thought that is might have some water but realized it was abandoned.
the same goes for any form of media.
the rough terrain and harsh weather took its affection on the unaware cyclist.
when you type, you start of looking at the keys but eventually you memorize all the locations of the keys.
every student gets a take home project at social point in the time of running out to the store to buy paper and pencils.
it can be used for so many things, you can also purchase items over the computer.
well, in my opinion i think that computers help out so much more than a book.
the author explains how his parents brought him to the united states.
this is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life.
dear local news paper, computers is a good idea because every developed country uses computers.
as said by people from the state .
these things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology.
one person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual.
yet again, our next and final issue.
so when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward.
this shows that it is good for a child to see such offensive things.
they are seeing a picture not the healthy.
i state this because the web has many things to do.
one day my plea will be heard.
the hills also affect him because it is hard to peddle up hills.
there are books out there that are discriminating certain races of people, or informing us of a time when people were discriminated against.
one is about a soldier in and his present wife back home.
i, however, believe that a child should have superb morals and values to know right from wrong.
its not using time wisely.
i agree with the experts who think that we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family.
also the air is good for your body.
also, what about the kids that like to read?
i think the computers have helped people with their jobs.
computers open doors in the world.
first, the cyclist noticed a rode change from flat to short, rolling hills.
this is how the setting affected him.
email is something that there are so many new ides.
my mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job.
modern city life is just like a contest with so much of rush and stress.
last of all, i think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills.
, its simple.
artists, authors, and publishers release their work to get information out to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
high are filled with pregnant teens.
one the way to the park the cyclist came across a big snake that covered the road which greatly frightened the biker.
a good affect on the cyclist was no one in sight to slow him down on his bike ride.
the tone in the memoir is nostalgic as he recalls the hard work of his parents, the people who he considers family, the food and the music.
sometimes getting angry she shouts us when we turn the house upside down.
normally, they would miss their homework.
since its so easy to type in a conversation, people are losing actual social skills.
, technology has developed majorly these past decades.
computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong.
another way that computer provide entertainment is they let us listen to music.
recently, it has been brought to my attention that computers have a negative effect on society.
computers are changing the world throughout everywhere.
the terrain was also not very ideal for a cyclist on a hot .
, it teaches children and adults various now things.
so here is examples of these three things.
i have just realized that you can pretty much do anything you want on a computer.
he is healthy and strong.
when i was little, my parents use to tell to go to the library and learn something.
having a vary in books, music, movies, and magazines make what the library is, a place to learn new things, no matter the subject.
if the parent does not want their child to go into a section then, the parents can just say keep away from that area.
also, some things could be offensive to some people that could be critical to research for others.
in short, the birth of computer has allowed for vast improvement in society as a whole.
about of kids and adults go on these online pages every day its time they stayed going on their computer more time on outside or hangout with their friends.
if they actually took this up with higher authorities.
it carries its head and neck erect.
in the passage do not exceed posted speed limit the deserts feature did not have any positive affects on the cyclist.
another is when they are talking about the racism and other things but says how the neighbors have united.
if all different races want censorship, then why would we censor to the liking of just one group of people?
even if we do this there could always still be away.
you can become obese for reasons.
by remembering these mistakes, mankind will be able to move forward in literature.
the plant gives her strength to try for her driving test again.
pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year.
i was reading a book called ' of ', that i had picked up in the child section.
they are everywhere.
finally, authors should not be punished for writing something they believe in or like.
hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web.
but i do.
kids use it to talk to friends, play games, do homework and to do many other things as well.
i can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the book shelf.
he even made the story teach you a lesson about hard work and the importance of family and giving to others.
but is it good for you?
dear local newspaper; you know that computers teach you to do many things?
each site having at least different games!
now, in this situation a computer would be very helpful to just type in the word and get a whole bunch of results.
is a largely debated question.
because she was to busy on the computer.
he said sometimes life can be so cruel.
for example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online.
imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away.
because i would!
further more, people are spending too much time on computers and not enough beauty of nature.
in conclusion even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects which can cause serious problems.
here are some points to consider.
this is why the taj mahal is seen as an eternal symbol of love.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
kids use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up relatives.
of course not.
i have reason it build skills, fast information and fun.
there is a reason why there is so many different genres.
other things it could teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is.
they can have devastating influence, no supremacy, what so ever unless they are a teacher of same sort.
in addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have.
furthermore, censoring what is on the shelves of libraries limits the range of materials that are available to patrons.
kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it.
the way people want to take roll in the things they are part of, might actually be found in the library.
this also shows that some things like the test were strange to her but now that she is familiar with it she could pass it.
dear , some parents are concerned about their child being on the computer all the time.
today are seeing going outside.
because everything has some kind of purpose to it, and has some kind of message in it for each and every person to discover
when the child reads this, he might want to do everything that is in the book.
was founded on the basis of freedoms; freedom of speech, freedom of thought.
the reader then might want to read her next piece of work.
maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you.
i hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration.
in the middle of the story, the mood is strong and determined.
but on one afternoon, something felt wrong.
a separate section would be a great idea.
censorship is a terrible practice masquerading as a boon.
a computer is a great thing to have for all these things.
i see it both ways because its good and bad.
the shelves would be blank.
i know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading.
if the library was privately owned then the owner could decide to put whatever books they wanted into it and censor whatever books they wanted to.
no, it does not.
well while we were busy playing mom and dad were busy as well.
the plant connects her previous life and home to the life and home she lives now.
statistic say the to of kids learn more things on the computer than they learn in school that a huge percentage even for kids.
after the sun sets he returns home.
there are many reasons as to why the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
after receiving bad directions from a few old men having people passing by in cars or near by stores would probably help the cyclist for asking directions.
i use aim to talk to all my friends, i use to face with.
lastly, computers increase your skills when it comes to technology.
why i stated that is its unhealthy for many people.
no one wants to be a lonely joke!
it was not the lyrics or foul message i sought, but the beautiful melodies and harmonies therein!
and your paper that more and more people are turned in to nothing but their computers.
in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
for me personally, and i know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals.
suppose books be even further distinguished by the location within a library.
most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest.
he takes me around the farm.
i you to consider my ideas.
its take it to even an different level with to male gender .
imagine those kids the night before, scribbling words away with their cramped hands, typing to write as quickly as possible.
when they came they had to live in a one bedroom apt.
wrote a famous book called .
the two friends go to the sea and get on to a ship.
desserts have little shade, if any; and they have rough weather as well as rough landscape.
with this the author clearly shows the mood for love and happiness.
my second reason .
computers have had a negative impact on society.
they fill our minds with noble thoughts.
books that suggest radical ideas could also belong in the group of books being taken off the shelf.
in a way books are both bad and good.
finding a way to reach a happy medium.
they can have music, movies, magazines, books, and much more.
the spring is a season where everything is fresh and new.
when people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life.
and the guy dad invited to come was .
many people that do not have computers depend on the library.
books should not be censored, if a person does not think the book is appropriate, then they do not have to read it.
hundreds of thousands of people play online games everyday!
in conclusion, i have given you great, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society.
like i read one time about here doing something that was bad, and she should not be doing.
to this day my parents still make sure the movies we pick are appropriate.
makes you lazy and keeps you from you kids.
when i did get on the computer i only had an hour to look up everything.
many evil practices have come into existence because of it.
i also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things.
children have their own selection of books and movies.
they just go with the flow.
what be offensive to you, not be offensive to the person sitting next to you.
this way, you have more time to get extra from teachers on instrument in the school band.
computers are much faster than having to go down to local library and look for a book that has the information you need.
i by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog.
statics show that people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents.
books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time.
while many people enjoy the use computers, there is really not that great a need for them.
she is only eight years old.
many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person.
during winters he grows peas, a farmer lives a simple life.
when she sees the plant labeled jasmine, she thinks of her grandmother that died and remembers how she used to put jasmine blossoms in her hair.
it is more effective just to go to a local or to work out.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
so practically shes stating once everything come back to life then shell feel like she will pass it next time.
how do we get our children to stop getting these resources?
thank you for listening to what i had to say
take a magazine for instance, one reader could look like that beautiful women in that magazine and feel great about themselves.
a true friend is a gift from god.
the reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising.
so if parents censor the kids have been given a multitude of reasons to go against their parents wishes and read or listen to it anyway.
our beliefs, life styles, way of thinking, culture, and the list goes on.
alone with this, the cyclist had to work much harder because the man noticed, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
people use the computer for many things, books, movies and so one.
computers do benefit society.
some books are just too good to be banned.
any thing in moderation is okay.
the book should simply be put in a spot either behind the counter or where it is available only on request.
the feature in the short story affect the cyclist because with no towns around there is now water.
as far as i know, taking any form of media, book, or entertainment away from the general public would be illegal.
this is another reason why i think computers are a good thing.
a town is a town.
some scenes can get out of control and there is no stopping it.
computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places.
my personal opinion would be that censorship is not necessary.
there are all kinds of different people in the world.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was admiration.
i know some of the music that is being played can deprive the feelings of others.
those who borrow anything at the library have the right to bring that special book or movie to the attention of those in charge.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
there are over on computer games online.
the day that the cyclist was riding was very hot and he was riding through the desert, made it worse.
you stay inside all day every day, the computer will be so addicting it will take over you and make it more important.
there are negative and positive effects for each state.
every year tons of visit libraries in search of a good book, threw act of observations and personal appeal.
and they waste time and are distractions.
the flower represents determination, using the flower to show her own determination.
of have a computer at home.
using a computer can also more life easier.
for example if a child go to library they see a movie that contains sexual activity and decided to check the movie out.
on a computer you can learn about new places.
when the cyclist is at his low point, he is an abandoned ghost town, looking for water that tastes like battery acid.
spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family.
the advantages were their were hills to go down.
then continues ,after seeing what that alone has done to her, rapes and beats her.
for relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great.
if you have kids you risk your relationship with them.
it should be on the shelf even if it is offensive.
it is this determination which moves him from ghost town to ghost town and keeps the story moving.
some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries.
in fact the are the best bet for a better future.
magazines are impossible to censor, unless you are the person receiving the magazine.
when he finds no one to help & nothing around him he sucks on a pebble to keep his mouth hydrated.
instead of sitting down on the computer all day.
also, the cyclist was biking in the heat.
the censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed.
i feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this!
a woman should not have to go to a library and come across a book stating her religion is an waste and stupid.
things like music, movies, and magazines are interesting to us.
furthermore, those who choose to spend overwhelming amounts of time on computers tend to interact less with family members.
there are many reasons and examples that support this.
people deserve to have better and not offensive books.
identity and credit card theft is becoming more and more common.
the snake is also another setback that the cyclist was fortunately able to escape.
computers have changed the world in a good way, and they continue too.
and if you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world.
each parent has a different style of parenting and they choose what works best for their child.
computers, computers, computers.
most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents.
imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an a in that class.
in conclusion, the mood of being welcomed is portrayed strongly throughout the memoir, especially when he is describing his home
so the internet can also be a way of saving money.
learning and studying new and important things.
this is the reason why all items in a library that are offensive to people should be removed from libraries.
computers help because if you mess up of what your trying to say then you could just erase what your trying to say.
that is one way our sex offenders get a way around.
it allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them.
there are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone.
the libraries that are offering these magazines for rental should restrict children from reading them due to the lack of modesty and morals found in these magazines.
another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay.
so you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires.
ironically, the building was a grape juice factory; abandoned and rusty, but the sigh featuring a boy drinking a refreshing glass of juice was still noticeable.
the cyclist then felt happy and relieved.
also you will become a lot more interactive with people.
it for the parents to decide when their kids hear these things, if at any time.
sometimes, people have even been known to think that their online life is better and get sucked into it.
the terrain is harder the chances of his survival lessons.
if someone is offended by one of these things i do not think that they should be removed off shelves or advertisements.
technology is a part of life today, & will continue increasing with the years.
soon he begins to run lost and the sun begins to beat down on him.
we are not forced to read that book or listen to that song or look at the magazine.
you can send people or even chat someone.
these marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like.
online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people.
she wants to retake the test.
the reason love and kindness is the mood because he says he loves his parents for self sacrifice so that he could grow up in the of .
the mood created by the author is happy and grateful towards his parents.
millions of websites are specified to only education of all kinds.
computers are a great source of information.
like example they can read load and also they can do the same book with others words.
many people hear that sentence more than once everyday.
dear, are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have.
even i was done reading this it i thanked the lord for computer, it helps us so much.
in the memoir gives a loving and caring mood to the readers.
sure, you can video chat, but that still does not convey the real feeling behind a persons words.
starting at thirteen and up through adulthood.
my grandmother shared a memory about when i was learning to read.
meanwhile, the stray dogs are really troublesome for the people.
there will always be items that will be offensive to some people, but to others there is a meaning behind it.
there is no doubt obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse.
all of the things are not for just one particular age.
another car with red and blue stripes was following close behind.
they can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain.
i would keep all items away from young children at all times, if they are not good.
but just then, my son me to get one, and i have the chance to talk to my family everyday.
he was a guy of color and he was complaining because he read a book about slaves.
this shows how sad and depressed she was because, the tone the statement was said in was a sadder more depressed tone.
we went by car and it took us eight hours to reach simla.
for children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they' be inside on that nice day.
their going to have to learn about it sometime in their life though.
you look at her, she looks at you, she walks away.
lastly, using computers helps teach responsibility.
but we do still see them on our shelves.
dear local newspaper, i have been using my computer for a long time now.
at the same time we should not remove any books from the shelves that are offensive to some.
after that, my father bade goodbye to the principal and went away.
if a teacher gives this book to a grader they would not understand the full potential it hold for the learning of it.
in my house all people in my family has a computer but of the computers are used once a week.
when they are reading the children expand the minds and also helps them with everyday situations.
the author created many types of moods in this .
being that it was dry and hot made his ride hard.
lastly, never forget who really matters.
though the sun was bearing down, he refused to give up, just as he says the sun was beginning to beat down, but i hardy noticed.
computers are a part everyday life, and they can help with almost anything.
his father is very kind and religious.
why wait outside for so long when you could just buy the product in the comfort of your own home and get the product delivered right to your house?
people could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer.
freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions.
another reason that the computer and technology are great is because you can get information you need it.
so the best choice would be to keep this material away from minors, if it is contained within your library
in my opinion, computers benefit society.
obviously internet is a great socializing activity.
why go out with friends when you can talk to them online?
they did not feel that they had the intellect to talk about science or anything like that.
which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body.
dear have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer?
movies have a protection against this called ratings.
badminton originated thousands of years ago in india, before many of the other sports were commercialized.
nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer.
like i stated previously the books are just books its your choice to read them
i believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family.
movies are in the same boat as music.
this is only one reason why i think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society.
the above conditions show the contrast between western society and peace loving humanity.
so why have censorship in libraries.
so you go online and learn everything and anything about .
in rough road ahead.
they use a book to get away from the struggles of everyday life and get lost within its lively pages.
one day, i went to the library in search of a challenging book.
these are various programs.
i hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary.
although, it could be bad because it takes away from freedom of choice.
not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect.
another big problem is the rough terrain.
that we need them to communicate to other people.
i have a small beautiful garden at my home.
this allows for guide and efficient research.
to completely alienate these books is extremely unfair to the time that was put into them.
the plight of bus travelers was of course pitiable.
it is also fun and educational.
i think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world.
so people think that compute is fun for them.
computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do.
first reason is they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
you can buy stuff at store by the comfort of your home.
the fruit stalls are full of mangoes bananas and
computers also let people learn about new things.
although it would be nice to see some books and magazines banned, it would be quite difficult to accomplish.
and make everyday tasks simple.
he describes the snow melting, and geese coming back as change which is exactly is what she hopes to achieve.
everything we saw had a story to tell.
yeah on playing counter strike.
more then not kids and parents abuse the computer.
another reason libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that, most likely, the entire book, magazine, movie, etc.
computers are a learning tool.
you might be able to see how an household runs.
with libraries and movie theaters they have what the state thinks is for adults only in their own little section.
people spend too much time looking up beautiful place and animals when they could easily go explore around outside!
that would be like taking the out of history, and that just can not happen.
another reason as to why computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us to keep in touch with others.
if someone wants to write a book on what they think is right then they are allowed to do that.
so when you watch a movie to listen to music and think it wrong, someone right around the corner think that its just normal.
this is what we are putting into our movies and books and magazines, and putting into the children of heads.
also, you can get a virus blocker that helps eliminate them.
its paddles are conveniently located near the feet of the driver so one can easily paddle this vehicle.
yet, i believe that it could have a negative influence as well.
he gets water from the bathroom and all is well.
with censorship we eliminate such problems.
its as simple as that.
you do not need to get rid of them because somebody else want to check them out
she also seemed a bit overwhelmed by the thought of home.
many people take classes, especially college level classes, online.
harmful things need to be removed from everything.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
so the time has come to make a let your kid be lazy on the computer and get into or go have fun with them?
also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student.
we do not really have a lot of movies in our school library, but i do know that there are some in the town library.
she had taken the test and failed, living where she was living then just seemed too much pressure on her.
there are some material that have offense that seems life threatening.
depends on the parent.
no parent wants to see their kid over weight for many reasons.
an example that shows how loving they are is when it they left their family, friends, and careers so their children could have a better life.
as a whole is known as an obese country.
are you ever sitting home with nothing to do?
everyone likes to watch movies, jam to some music, and get lost in an interesting book.
as the effect of that the cyclist had to drink a lot of water.
i would like you to put the in the and hear what people have to say about it.
what would you say if there was nothing left on the shelves to read, listen to, or to watch?
they allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant.
computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school.
no material should ever be removed from a public library based on censorship.
the way you interpret the paragraph gives you different ideas about what it is trying to say.
many people just simply take the ideas of others the wrong way.
when being on computer for a long time, people will forget how to interact with others.
if we let our media get banned, we lose the right to have ideas of our own.
for example she said that in spring when the snow melts and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding then she would take the test over.
we can also get it from activities!
you could go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games.
she gives examples in the story that makes many people get many
this is why the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is an unjust endeavor.
but they took it off the shelves.
removing offensive books from libraries is the exact same thing.
we should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves.
like i said, computers teach and help people learn about different places among the world today, helps us communicate with others around us or in !
another big is those stupid online games.
i know it will surprise you when i tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day!
on computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of.
however, there are all different kinds of books, music, and all the other materials that could offend all different kinds of people.
think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with.
kids should be outdoors playing sports and getting fresh air.
overall i think they should keep the offensive materials.
also think back to that baseball player.
everyone has their own opinions, but i am a firm believer in censorship at public and private libraries.
now think about global warming.
computers are one of the best things that has happened to me and my life.
they can be used as a valuable learning tool, help communication, and teach skills that will be used for life.
my first reason is freedom of speech.
the dangers are always there.
if you buy computer games like a cooking game you can learn how to cook.
rose, hibiscus, lily, orchids, sunflower, dahlia, etc.
if the books and magazines are labeled, then a person can just stay away from what he or she finds offensive.
that is why i strongly believe that certain material such as books, magazines, movies, and music that are offensive should be removed from libraries.
i believe that computers are a great tool for several reason.
in conclusion, computers are wonderful machines.
so that is why the owner will add a bit of everything into their library.
even with that being true, the question truly is, will it do you any good to take those things away?
would you want your child to have the idea in their head that they should react first before they think?
i believe it should be handled well mannered and it should be moved, to a not so easy reach to a five year old.
it is how they express themselves.
so, it is in those authors best interest to take into account the people they are writing about.
my conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still.
in conclusion i believe that computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying company of family & friends.
not all of them are for the eyes of every person out there.
so by ending it with this and comparing to the geese, its showing that she is getting stronger.
they even allow people to talk online.
for example fast is like texting.
of students wait till last minute to do their reports, on average, they spend over four hours on the computer.
i live in karol bagh.
i also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by.
communication online has made huge impact worldwide.
in this i will tell you how the cyclist was being effected.
computers have a positive effect on people.
his tone is thrilled and thankful for his rich culture.
but as of right now i do not think they should remove items off shelves at libraries
these stories have a large role in history.
at the end she says that she will retake the test when the geese come back, the snow has melted and the hibiscus is budding.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offending to certain people.
though my information is that both of them were as ordinary as i was.
(ho) this quote shows that even though she failed, she is determined to pass the test and succeed.
dear newspaper , computers are a great invention that we have created.
the biggest one is typing.
go learn what you want right now!
the library is opened for the public and has lots of knowledge it shares with us.
now it is our rite to save our books, if we do not then us as will be lost.
some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising.
in conclusion i believe that the materials that show offense to certain people should stay.
have you ever came across offensive material inside a library?
nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences.
finally they spend time with their friends and family.
well, demand that all music and videos with content not generalized for children be removed from the libraries.
thank you for reading my essay on why computers are benefiting our society.
this would be a clear failure to uphold the rights of the citizens.
heaters, irons, washing machines, freezers, and room coolers are in common use.
even smaller number buys a ticket to watch a game.
it was my eighth birthday.
but the computer all of that to society.
it affects school work and how they behave.
one parent thinks is bad, another not.
and every made in this world has internet capabilities.
there are many good details why computers are good for the society.
magazines about how we sex and kill each other.
should be removed from public libraries.
was reminding his dad about it all.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
when surveyed ;the majority of students said that they spent at least two hours on the computer every night.
so you can never trust a computer.
one little law change in could cause great negative changes in the future.
therefore, to allow books to be read, music listened to, and movies watched is to allow everyone the freedom of writing down their thoughts or stances.
it causes violence among people.
his endurance is being tested because it is going for tolerance energy and will power to climb each individual hill.
there nothing to loose.
we are setting up our weekend plans online and a lot of our social life is there.
we need this fixed
there are billion people in the world.
many scientists use the to publish ideas and experiments.
just getting them taken off the shelf would not be a good idea because some kids would actually use them for school believe it or not
as for me i am fine.
the soldier is always ready to defend the country and die for it.
what is your opinion?
i think that computers are good thing to have around.
i love swimming better than going on the computer.
also there are advantages to reading books that show something different that that person have experienced before.
if you run out of energy while cycling, you have nothing.
finally, its addicting some people could good hours and hours on the computer looking up all these videos.
in everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us.
also, my mom uses an online video workout website, for her bad back.
computers allow us to see people all around the world an learn about them.
any type of content is art, art that should never be even considered to be changed or enhanced because it pertains to one artist.
this, to me, is the way it should be in all libraries.
what is supposed to be minutes grows into an hour or two that take away from your family.
but, they have disadvantages.
where can you learn these?
i think we need our computers.
we know their were many hills because in the text it says.
some books are not suitable for kids.
education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now.
her lyrics seemed like they meant nothing, until you thought about it a little more deeply.
the last paragraph of the story.
the last movie that i did not like was all the movies.
the problem is, is that each families' limits and values are unique; we cannot just assume anything about families in general.
nature is beautiful, it has , green grass, rainbows (sometimes).
her mother talked to her and then she felt better.
i read an article the other day about computer usage in .
if the source is something more adult then it should be placed in a section that is labeled or supported by information that says so.
having an age limit in place for this material is key so that small children do not view it and get the wrong message.
it is time for our society to stop being nurtured by the government and start doing our own dirty laundry
there are thousands of books on the and many movies as well.
but other than that your able to chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to get off the phone.
sometimes people cannot call each other because its too long distance.
heat, dessert, humidity all are things that affect the cyclist as on his journey.
he had no determination there because there was nothing he could do to better the situation in his cause.
taking books off the shelves?
you can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house.
the conditions of the setting of the setting the cyclist was in became a disadvantage for him.
for example your family would want to go out but you say no because of that computer parents would they would because your lack of communication with the family.
playing sports can also help you get stronger.
in some cases, some media should be destroyed and hidden from public.
so he will never forget the gratitude that fills him up inside.
the main way of online communication is or .
last reason is that it tells us that she is and will be doing her best.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
so, now because of our computers i could catch up on the work that i missed that day of school.
this is not what our envisioned to become and they were right.
i know you certainly will agree.
you have a friend or family member you lost contact with.
now you know what the computer can do to you.
any mood could have been described here, but, as it states in the memoir, he is grateful for his family.
the author said that it was early summer which means it could be hot and uncomfortable weather for the cyclist.
notice that have a right to free speech and not a right to free speech so long as no one is offended.
dear , we all know more and more people are using computers.
so why would we want to take them away?
on the other hand, i got to sit home and watch them have fun.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps make learning about other countries easier.
many jobs these days, typically banks, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some actually are based in the internet.
after this point he could not be so care free.
a safe but easy solution would be to create a section just for offensive items the or people claim them to be.
not allowing anyone under to check out explicit materials would also help.
this quote says it all, if everybody had their say in what is offensive or not then everything would be offensive.
eventually, if continues to drop at this the will have a world that went.
i get so engrossed in the book that i often to eat.
you just look at the top of the book case or at the ceiling where the signs are.
i was so exited.
lastly, the authors mood was very thankful.
earlier in the story she says that she failed the test, because she did not impress her mom.
then he saw that it was abandoned and he lost all hope.
in this he is saying that his home was full of happiness and love.
he lifted the cover of the basket.
find on the last ??
this simply demonstrates the importance of serving our parents.
they get people fat an lazy because they only want to be on the computer.
they make him think he will die and overall make him worried.
newspapers give us knowledge about many things of the past and present.
the first and main way was that he was riding through the dessert.
dear local newspaper, you ever see a child on the computer for hours and nothing could get them off?
many people complain about small things like that when the reading material could be a lot worse than it is.
also your planing a vacation the internet can help.
she had to learn how to adjust to her new surroundings and never give up on what she wanted to accomplish.
censorship is even more understandable in elementary schools.
computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier.
the heat, lack of water, rolling hills, and the advice you get can result badly by affecting the outcome.
he had to go on thirsty, (a very risky thing to do while cycling) because it had the flavor of battery acid.
the setting had a hot sun, no trees, and no water.
it is as simple as that.
another example that mother worked outside while it was cold to get her gardening done.
to make a better country and nation, the people of the should make an effort to reduce computer use.
there are many examples of this literary technique throughout history.
for one your eyes will begin to hurt.
some authors do this in a very offensive manner.
if you take a book off the shelf what is the older person going to read.
some were sitting on the benches.
all you have to do is type the place you want and boom there it is.
no need to worry, you can just type that paper up on the computer!
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
the author chose this to end the story to show that you need to keep faith in your heart.
a lot of people need to take breaks off the computer: because computers can do harm.
but they must come to understand that those same books help people tremendously.
also says that his family was a lot of people in his neighborhood as well.
there are shops for repairing damaged things also.
certain books, movies, magazines, and music should not be accessed by everyone.
all of this teaches me to be more careful about what i am doing and where i am doing it at.
in her case it is the test she wants to take again.
i myself have a computer; it is very important and useful to me.
but there is also the choice of books for research.
when my friends and i were learning about evaluating websites in computer processing class we came upon a site that seemed reliable, and accurate.
but then again with all the good things there always comes a bad side of the information.
people want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?
now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong.
kids can use computers to find information they need quickly.
there is more to the process like the people bring or take it to or away from you.
if a has an explicit label on it, you should have to be eighteen to check it out.
also, they wanted a better education for their children so they left family, friends, everything behind so they could restart their life.
he shows his loss of hope again when he talks about how hes going to die.
you need your brain cells for school.
there are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought.
even my dad had is credit card account stolen last year.
for example exercise.
you could even play hide and seek with your friends even tag.
we need to get up walk, hang out with friends, do sports.
it shows and tells how grateful he is.
the kids that wrote the paper said it took them around two hours.
having things censored ruins a lot of things, the fact that its was made that way it should be kept that way.
then we will move onto the music, and then the shows.
as you can tell, computers have affected our lives in a great way.
they could even put a little label on the front cover of the magazine that says it not be suitable for everyone.
by email, only a couple minutes so, you can see that computer also can provide some of safety everybody!
the library is a place for study.
they are also helpful because they solve problem that humans might have trouble with.
she is setting a real goal for herself.
are there universally evil books that no one should read?
kids are fold to type their papers, which lets them finish faster.
true they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous.
of are employed as of , and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open.
we used to have to use encyclopedias or find books on those topics.
the computer has everything you want for free.
the computer can be used in many ways.
whenever you watch television you see a commercial about online colleges because they are trying to tell you to go to school online.
i go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar.
brings everything back full circle.
, technology majors support that the use of computers have a positive effect on people and i agree with them.
you can even shop for houses or cars online.
computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends!
the computer has plenty information about a lot of different places in the world.
it is the choice of the individual to read, listen, or watch a certain material.
last, the material can influence other kids to disrespect that race and not like people of that race.
just imagine watching and seeing someone talk about everything you believe in and joking around about it.
we should do thorough calculations and also we should do a thorough survey.
another thing is, you can research countries, towns, and cities with google instead of having to go out and get books.
i feel no we should not take our learning form our babies.
if the material is offensive to someone they can report it but the people that work at the library might not do anything about it.
computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much.
a might be tried of hearing about all of time and might find offensive when a girl compare him to or .
this is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way!
please take this letter into consideration.
the text says.
many aspects of the setting affected the cyclist.
computer very helpful when social life.
reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?
they start to talk and become good friends.
people will always have something to do when they are bored, there is plenty to learn, and it keeps you organized.
do you want that to change?
in my experience as a computer engineer.
and that is why i support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people.
she is sad and misses her home, especially after failing her drivers test.
should we listen to a song even though it gives off a bad message?
the children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
we must, as a society, be able to accept this.
you can play mindless video games!
this shows that computers is important to have.
computers were you people, but have for one second that instead of interacting with people you should interact with the people around you.
we all know that is garbage.
a parent should keep a close eye on what their child read or see.
also, you could continue a conversation you had with a friend.
dear newspaper, i think a computer is not something bad for you.
it is so easy that it will seem like you are standing right next to them on a matter of seconds.
so say when my mom is working, or me and my sister are researching something we learn.
also should be socializing with friend.
when you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money.
i would be mad if i came to the library to listen to music and someone had removed them from the computer.
also can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities.
if people know what type of material it is and still choose to view it then they get what they ask for.
millions of books were burned and hundreds, if not thousands of writers were executed for conveying opinions in their work that conflicted with the ideas of their government.
lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world!
the text states,
even if you do have a phone and someone you known is overseas.
any time i look through the library, i come across a few books that are slightly inappropriate.
also he had to keep dehydrate.
i feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer.
but luck used to favour them, and they used to get top positions.
when all their time is devoted to to computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have of time to do such.
why should libraries stop the people that made those things from making money?
through this shortcut are hills and heat and lack of water.
the road change and the heat made him say i could drop from heatstroke.
computers present job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others!
others should ruin the experience by marking the words out.
first reason that computer have a positive effect on people.
just imagine, more people outside and healthy.
out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy.
these were some of the moods created by the author in the memoir.
you can send information from one computers to the other.
dear local newspaper i think some peoples are not to much on the computers.
in conclusion, i think that books should be censored by parents and that is it.
other people think that the computer is very helpful.
how would it be if everyone liked the same things.
it is happy because the author gives the reader a great explanation and description of his life at home.
some people believe that computers are a positive effect to people, but its positive because it rots you brain.
music is for the most part like a book, just using a different one of your senses.
plus, computers offer more learning opportunities.
books are sorted according to what appeals to what age.
i am writing in which computers are a bad thing to the society or good thing.
ms says the computer game has helped her.
another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe.
look around, are their little children around.
you can do this through via email.
am i the only teenager who thinks this?
you can make what they thought was a good thing into something bad.
but who is going to tell them that, and what is the answer.
what a pain.
for people that are more vulnerable to those situations or seeing those things, it could greatly help with some people and show them that it is not right.
instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods.
i think if there was more of it, i think there would be less crime.
writing is a way to show a persons expressions and what they stand for although it not be pleasing to me or any other person.
if we start removing books and everyone removes one then we are going to be left with nothing to learn off of.
for these reasons computers are what benefits society most.
says that using a computer helped you type.
the setting in the story greatly affected the cyclist.
also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer.
out of students at middle confess to being the target of malicious bullying online.
next, it should be up to the .
next, is how computer could benefit our society.
more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
mind, there are still movies with happy endings and a positive message.
he is so relieved he cant believe his luck.
instead of playing sports games on the computer you should get up and play one outside!
people seem to always look for a shortcut, including myself.
so you are probably wondering why they are even on the shelves, right?
hearing her daughter tell her how much it is.
this is things like staying in town with someone far away, or editing photos.
hearing the waves, & laughing ocean waters, and feeling it cool as the is just heaven.
water was a factor because he need cool water to keep him hydrated he came to a shed with pumps after running out of water.
he is a good cricketer.
if a person cannot think for themselves, they cannot draw their own conclusions on things.
books and magazines be offensive, but they also entice the reader.
everyone has one friend that talks them out of doing bad things.
you be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing.
as a result, the british have to give freedom to india.
the hibiscus flower gives her confidence.
should they be punished for accidentally coming across this material and reading it?
the author has spent so long cycling through heat, his brains starting to shut down.
it helps us keep in touch with our friends and relatives, who stay in far off places.
it should be a person of the state or local towns person that goes to every house.
everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life.
he has failed in the eight class three times.
nothing in this world exists without opinions.
you could pull up your browser and go on (a video site) and watch their wonderful variety of filling.
so, if you do not check it out the librarian will not be able to track down any of the material that is in the library.
second, the allows you to learn about new places and things all around the world.
the first time she bought that plant, it brought back memories of her old home and it showed how much she missed it there.
educating a child is to bring an all-round development of a child’s personality.
in the essay the setting affects the cyclist is different ways.
more than of are overweight and unhealthy.
the movie situation i understand.
you can search all kinds of people like the presidents of the , celebrities, and people that made a change in the world.
no computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often.
the hot heat that would make birds pick him drys all of those examples make it hard for the reader to take the old timers advice.
this is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
please keep reading.
magazines are stocked on shelves in stores and on the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself.
also sets that mood when describes her traditional home.
music also be offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation and race.
for example, you need to paint your house or fix the motor in the car but you keep putting it off.
i think that this is great.
its not a pretty site, accept the things that we have now and use them to the best of your ability.
when we walk along the road, we meet many of them.
a hard question to answer.
this exert from the test supports my previous statement about how its hot because the speaker tells us how hes sweating and that he might be seeing a mirage.
they could do this in a variety of ways, including making new friends and adjusting to the area.
in conclusion, sections in a library can be used instead of censorship.
imagine you, writing out hundreds of those newspaper everyday.
certain things that offend people can be enjoyed by other people.
so do yourself a favor get off the computer, and go visit some really great people.
also, things like and face book help people to stay in touch with old and distant friends.
but magazines are different, they show like the styles, and life stories of others.
however, when she sees that the hibiscus and geese are familiar, she is determined to adopt as well.
this shows that the house was full of happiness and warmth.
there are no other people in there, no establishments, towns, etc.
also kids can do their projects.
they might think that it should be removed from everywhere.
she helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily.
technology has changed our world!
then people get pulled in.
well you cannot blame the library for having the book.
the heat made it harder for him to ride his bike, and he also drank a lot of his water.
this is not the case.
education is an of all need, but what if the college that you want to attend is too far from home and you cant afford to move in ?
if people are so offended then they should just stay away from the books that the certain author writes.
you can chat with people even if there is no one around.
the feeling and scent of the hibiscus flower comforted her.
censorship denies our rights as citizens to have the right for free speech.
well not this article gives you information about all of this.
dear newspaper , people in our community use computers for positive ideas.
movies are even worse because the picture is right there in front of their faces.
the features of the essay explain how the features of the setting affect the cyclist for many reasons.
this is the best and most efficient way to protect and keep everyone safe
we can also use it to learn about news happening around the world.
the library is a public area where anyone can visit to find a book, movie, or magazine of their desire.
if you had a video on the news you want to keep it.
whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide.
dear newspaper, computers have a huge effect on society, can you even imagine where we would be without them?
together the plant the hibiscus.
computers were invented to benefit mankind, not hurting and they are doing a great job.
someone tells you something, it goes in one ear and out the other.
this is great, its so convenient to be to go an instant message.
such as political cartoon.
there would be no way in pleasing everyone, so the libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their shelves.
i assure them that i understand those feelings.
which, if you checked out materials out of the library the librarian can track it down for you.
there are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites.
now a days computers are taking over books.
i just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it.
you might think after reading this letter.
to wrap it up, computers effect people.
the television is an improvement on the radio.
without interacting with one another we can suffer from depression.
in my opinion, i would say no.
children are more free to do what they want and say what they want, making offensive a changed word.
sometimes little kids read books whit bad and offensive words.
some of the age limits throughout society should be put in libraries, but other than that, the decisions should be left up to the person.
some people prefer to write than type but other people prefer to type than write.
however, many find certain pieces to be offending in some way, shape, or form.
computers allow fun, communication, educational purposes, and work uses.
now do you see why i chose this side?
when your supposed to be vacationing in .
so yes i do their.
i might look at it to see what it says but i would not say anything about it.
i believe that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
but once she gets home, and tells her mother she failed her driving test, she seems to feel better.
my last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life.
dear local newspaper, i strongly think we should have no more computers rather then looking on the computer.
computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult.
i think as far as the child part of it , that no , children should not be aloud to read things that be vulgar, sexual , etc.
these are a few reasons i think computers put a positive effect on people.
also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends.
this memoir shows that because even with moving to a new country with new people the family still keeps his childhood filled with culture of who they are.
if people are always playing games the computers then when they go out for a jag.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
you feel helpless and alone just like the hibiscus growing next to the highway in the photo.
make your own at home, then you could put whatever books and magazines you want in there
not everyone is offended by the same material.
books, music, and movies all have a meaning and a purpose to them.
if there is a blizzard people can find out ahead of time and stock up on food.
these people, although from different worlds and different times and different people, were all avid believers in the of humans.
parents should not let there kid go to the library without them if they are scared for them to do something or look at something bad.
the author showed us a calm and grateful mood for everything that have happened.
some kids have their education online or to teach others.
is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway.
typing letters while looking at a screen is using the hand eye coordination.
as a conclusion, the basically has stronger negative impacts and consequences than positive ones.
lastly, computers allow people to communicate through internet.
adults use them too.
he showed a real admiration for his childhood and the people he shared it with.
even if you use a computer to chat with people, it still is no replacement for the real thing.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist.
a healthy person has a lot of advantages over an unhealthy and physically unfit person.
when people try to put boundaries on what is offensive and what is not they can not .
whether people admit it or not, they have ran into at least one book that has offended them.
the internet never closes, it is open .
i believe there are certain instances where censorship is necessary, but i also feel it must be kept in check.
kids should no the limit.
however, that is life and there will always be something come up in your life that you should not witness or be apart of.
all the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends.
i got , with the help of computers i found out so much more about the country that i never even know about.
that why i think computers are a good thing.
getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise.
he is thirty-five years old.
people who spend that much time on the computer miss things.
in the world today, many teenagers and young adults are becoming more involved.
they different thing to do like look up books,music,or movies you can check out the libraries.
but instead they came to and struggled at first, but the end result was more they could have imagined.
the cyclist lost hope quickly because she was never saw any people or water on the way.
it is important to know the pros and cons of computers.
first, allows students to easily get good grades on projects and reports.
we should plant more trees to keep the air fresh.
this is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries.
that is normal and there is nothing we can do to change about .
not only does it make things awkward, but it sends out the wrong message.
the result of this, you ask?
media that used to only be found on the shelves is now displayed online, which can never be permanently removed from public view.
this shows how he loved his home.
we would also have less censorship for people who only try to spread there ideas.
another horrifying conclusion that the computer does to us is rip apart us from our loved ones.
furthermore, people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
but you just can not for get about those books, you have to watch what they are reading.
this statement also shows that you should never give up on anything that you do.
imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off.
she and her nurses treated the wounded, provided them with good food and recreation.
everyone has his likings and disliking.
he also had to find his way around a big snake while being dehydrated.
people all have their own opinions, all media can be learned from, and our freedom should not be restricted.
the modern library has very specific demographics for all items to which it posses.
there are websites on the internet where the user just types the question in, and they get an answer.
wipes the sweat from her eyes to make sure its not a mirage and then sees it the abandoned factory.
another example is you can look up recent or past events you want to know about and research it.
last , i am going to talk to you more about why and how you could .
libraries are a center of learning.
i urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late!
the temperature and excessive sweating cause the cyclist to drink a lot of water.
i would get the cooperation of all my staff members.
to many children take the movies to the extreme and try and act like the actors or actresses, and the children end up getting hurt from these actions.
they give me great joy.
she ends it with this sentence because its a sign of new life.
the things that the callers were saying were very offensive towards the woman who had expressed her feelings.
libraries are meant to provide information anyways.
music has become a way for people to express them selves.
computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health.
can literature, which is the basis of civilization, be censored?
we can live for a few days without food.
his parents were kind suddhodana and queen mahamaya.
there would be no reason to, their would be nobody to sing songs for us.
i can say i am in to abnormal stories.
also, they mostly want to use technology to.
unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a much faster and easier way to talk to another person.
i can see why this bring up many conflicts; as computers can be very helpful.
books, magazines, newspapers, novels, etc are public reading materials that are meant for everyone to see.
this means that the cyclist is in the middle of nowhere with barely any water and energy, causing even more problems.
lots of jobs ask technological skills in order to be hired; so having a computer when younger automatically prepares young adults life.
the material can also be inappropriate for younger children.
they know some citizens are against that content.
what, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them?
people like different things.
people need to see their always not going to get what they want in life but they need to move on.
compared to an alcohol addiction, about , or drug addiction, , addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly.
many parents of young kids are always wondering what their kids are doing at school.
a person who shows a foolish and care-free attitude towards life is often nicknamed “a butterfly”.
if they got off of their computers for a minute they could see the animals before they are gone.
one they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house.
dear editor: more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that that benefits society.
when i was in sixth grade, i was in a foster home that i hated.
where do we draw the line?
how can one person, or a group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
use a translator.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
this however, is not acceptable.
one way society can take care of this problem is setting age limits on books.
trees play an important role in purifying the air around us.
do you realize what this means?
half of the time the statues are of a naked person.
the hills he had to cycle also effected him.
there are already all these other banned books out there why ban any more.
i feel that it would be unfair to remove books that some audiences would enjoy.
computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem.
it has to be decided how far is too far when removing objects from the shelves.
the visual, and nearly lyrical expression of the blooming hibiscus makes the reward and result of your struggles seem so much more beautiful
lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers.
this caused the cyclist to become overheated ad sweaty.
the marketplace is always crowded.
moreover, computers are doors into the real world, especially for residents of .
i have personally learned most of my from books, and i hardly had to pay for any of them.
also, i think this because she wants to wait until the seasons change to go take her test again.
it can take away from lesson we could learn and are education that we need to be successful in life
if we should not forget, why should the youth learn?
it has seat and a handle.
since the cyclist had to use more energy to get up the hills he got more tired and thirsty.
on the other hand, there are many friends of mine that love to watch horror movies.
i believe that since that is true for movies, it should also be true for books, magazines, and music.
i do not think they should have any completely inaccessible areas in libraries for children of younger ages.
it is to the community, doing what everyone else is doing and not being different, this scares people.
the mood created by the author in the memoir.
i do think that certain movies and music should be removed from shelves if little kids are aloud in the store.
there was no mishap on the way.
look at a photograph of the earth taken by a satellite from space.
my first reason why we should keep computers is because it help on school homework or projects.
the removal or censorship of literary works would be a terrible decision that all would regret in the years to come.
the irony continues as he becomes dehydrated and the flat land turns hilly.
this shows that they appreciate its similarity to the old hibiscus.
you can see hotels or anything you want to if you want to go on vacation.
language is spoken to mean anything the speaker is trying to communicate.
offensive entering a you know your are going to find something interesting to read,listen to, or even watch.
i think that library censorship is a big deal that needs to be taken into deep consideration.
none should be denied.
but you can get emails and instant message ways.
computers have a positive effect on peoples lives.
one reason libraries should not be censored is because nobody is forcing a person to pick up material that might have offensive content.
over the internet, you can search up unlimited amounts of information.
this girl just failed her driving test she dose not want to take it right away.
i really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the .
it works most of the time and children also see that.
dear newspaper, i firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society.
also if the parents want to get books, why not go to a different library and get books.
on the normal road, the ground is smooth but think is a lot like and winding.
they might say no.
if we want to become a healthier country, we should state writing time spent on computers.
sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen.
student and employees use for everything from writing a paper to creating a presentation.
the mood of this memoir is warming and of family.
there was also a big crazy twist in his way.
no matter how you try to keep your kids away from finding or seeing offensive stuff there is always a way for them to see it.
in the beginning of the story we learn that the main character has failed her drivers test.
the water bottles contains only a few tantalizing sips.
bead all the about computers and you will think but like me.
i think so because without books less people would want to read and not learn.
once we were finished with our assignments, we could play type to learn .
he worked to remove poverty, economic inequality, and untouchability.
he said that there was the scent of life and love in the air.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as .
we, as humans, enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make.
if our libraries took out every item that was offensive to someone, there would simply be no library.
the setting affects the cyclist because he is faced with roadways he is unsure of the weather is hot and dry and there are wild animals.
take the book from them?
it is no different when it comes to books, movies, and music.
some students are so addicted to computers they never go outside!
at see this as a main cause for growing lack exercise and increase in time on home computers.
it helps the reader make connections because all of our relatives know better how long ago made sacrifices for their family.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist in many ways.
he was able to describe in great detail what went on in his house during his childhood and how caring and loving his parents were.
also, computers come with built in programs that can help keep track of you expenses.
they feel that it is sending a bad message to children and teaching them horrible things to do and say.
the setting of the cyclist clearly influences his mood.
how does this picture appear to a bystander once books begin to disappear off of the shelves?
everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care, not hatred.
over the computer.
you can research people and places and or get pictures.
it gives audience to our thoughts and we are linked with the super intellect.
when a reader comes across a book that is against the way they see politics, there can be a real problem.
their are books everywhere, right.
well, you could go on the computer!
every movie is going to have something that someone will love and someone will hate.
she sat down and looked up hundred schools.
i believe that this was a good ending to the story.
using computers can help enrich peoples minds.
dear , i have same questions for you and i was hoping you could answer them.
music is the same way.
library, the facts are in the name.
there are people that think there kids seeing bad things will make them want to do it.
this probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax.
i root out the unwanted plants.
i have been to many libraries in my life.
if they want to play that game, or read that book they should be allowed.
but if your the only one then i highly doubt they will make a special effort to get rid of it.
you race back to the library only to find out that it is closed.
taking music, in my opinion, would be the worst because people get lost in some types of music.
if they began taking them off shelves because of vulgar things and things that offend people, then why do we have freedom of speech?
without technology things would be so much harder.
owning a computer is surely not a good idea.
every book, movie, , magazine, and any other thing, should be left for people to enjoy and hopefully you can find something you enjoy too
this goes with reading as well.
have you ever seen a book or magazine on a shelf that looked offensive?
there is a lot of websites you can join so that you can speak to your friends as long as there online.
they are posted in different parts of the country.
some books might be to explicit for a child to read.
overall, the sentence that the author eras with is used to show life as compared to the geese and hibiscus.
do you have a favorite interaction website?
this makes the author need more water than he normally would.
they gave up a lot and he recognize that.
or you can chat with old school friends from back in the day.
so there is my opinion on this little matter.
people often get offended if they read, see, or listen to something that goes against their personal views, ethics, or religion.
if censorship were to be enacted, a library could not provide new information if someone else did not like what was being taught.
( line ) , in paragraph , the author explains how grateful he is to his parents which showed him the lessons which became the root of his life.
my opinion is that computers do benefit society.
he took some taste of it.
the text as states there were rolling hills and tumble weeds, so it must have been a desert kind of area.
people are addicted to computers because of the games and being able to go on the .
and, as a mature adult, i can.
my last reason is you can make friends.
you can use the computer to lock up your subject and a different websites will come speed quick to your screen.
the mood created by the author is happy.
in the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games.
and, if something was wrong.
i think that she was trying to tell us that some books should not be out on the shelves for children to read.
computers serve as a great source of communication.
there a lot of things to life and sometimes we do need as much help as we can get.
i use to be a computer geek.
of students get out of school and go straight to the computer.
apart from his studies, my brother is much interested in sports.
the fact that the area he was biking through, and that he out of water put himself into serious danger.
no matter how offensive or wrong some be, it is their work and their time, and their heart and soul which they put into a book.
for example i stopped watching the movie, and i stopped reading the book that bothered me.
they are useful to us in many ways.
if the people that make these products do this it will be much more easier for parents to do the right thing for there children
if they feel that it will not be appropriate for some, then they could give a suggestion to censor it.
this makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to.
the for example.
we become illiterate without books, magazines and other things of that nature.
think about it, hour often you go outside?
i study in s.d.
go experience nature.
lastly, games and sports teach you to accept both victories and defeat equally well with a happy face.
that is the mood in the home: blueprints of our lives.
this idea also relates back to the lack of exercise and naivety of people.
second, i would like to talk about some of the books libraries have.
my imaginary friend is a user in my imagination.
all he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game.
his destination fills him with relief and pride, knowing that he would survive the strenuous journey.
i found an example to show that he was thirsty.
the reason they are in an office or living room or bedroom is because people like them and uses them for their needs.
we all need a little inspiration in our down spiraling lives, and we need education.
the sun and hot air dehydrated him faster.
the author concludes the story like this because she is not ready to move on with her life.
some libraries do not carry books because he uses curse words.
they show a persons opinion on something.
however, those who find it offensive should be allowed to avoid it.
even a simple thing like tying can build up this skill.
is teachers want some students to go on a website to learn something it is a very helpful source.
the growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others.
you can also to see a love one that you miss.
the computer is defeating that purpose.
this means that he or she was very hot and dehydrated.
if something offensive is found at the library, should it be taken off of the shelves?
the queue was broken.
the flat roads are easy and smooth to ride on, but as the road changes to short, rolling hills, the biking becomes more difficult.
some items can be offensive to some but not others.
what if a fifth grader was to pick that same book up?
just like the temperature problem, the loss of determination could eventually make him lose consciousness.
prince siddhartha was the heir to the throne after kind suddhodana’s death.
for example, she comes across this flower that reminds her of the time she spent in her homeland.
could you imagine living in a wold?
without the computer, families who live far away from each other can talk with a push of a button.
for example my teacher asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters.
your friends important them.
first of all, computer users receive significantly less exercise than those who do not use computers.
they would probably even carry a book perhaps on hats.
how would you feel if you were at your local library and you found something with something offensive in it?
the features are just not right and and they could be changed around a little bit and still have about the same meaning of the essay.
should there be censorship in libraries?
i am most likely not the only one who feels pleased with the way libraries are now and feel no need to change what is good
secondly, i think that computers are important is because they help with learning, even online schooling.
my first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class.
the first reason is the books were written so they could be viewed by the public.
the housewives buy vegetables and fruit from him.
also a lot of people are using the for there businesses.
it can be useful to you when you have a report coming up.
i can find out what is happening where i live by looking up your newspaper.
it would be all the more reason for him to give up.
would you want your children reading, watching, or hearing stuff that was offensive towards them?
the kids could see something they think is really neat on the and then go out and try that.
the has one of the strongest and in the world.
studying, school work, and jobs are also important things people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much.
my school library is a quiet place.
my father had some urgent business at jaipur.
i remember when i was working on a project about .
children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings.
computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it.
you thought he was years old but he was not.
that is what i think the mood of the memoir is and why.
i know that i would try to contact them on the computer.
computers can help people with schoolwork, communication and entertain you in a safe way.
communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people.
what would you do without it?
it put out a sense of family in the story.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people.
slowly as the terrain gets harder and harder the cyclist feels worse and worse.
she is doing the test again when the starts over so she can do.
take of for example.
man must know his foundation and where he comes from.
something that commonly said.
lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier.
so the only person at full.
you have to think about the kids that are mature too.
computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
first, computers can help find out how to do things.
they also help us be different and more creative people.
the cyclist in this story had a rough time getting to his destination due to the setting.
now, we have one small device that we carry around with us to do our work.
lastly the computer can save lives.
this also shows that the mood is happy because the author is grateful.
computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them.
this goes for parents too.
the rain stopped, the sun came out and the weather becomes very hot again.
see what i mean, computers are some and also a positive part of society.
with a click of a button you should be going to or a nice vacation.
they had to dismiss many hardships such as lack of water, being lost, immense desert heat, plus minor things like snakes and road conditions.
we need to enroll more and create more exercise equipment, but will people find out?
when the terrain changes, he is a little discouraged.
they leave a positive effect on people in the community and world.
i feel that a person will see what they want to see and what they want to read, fact of the matter is they have the right to.
we would have nothing to read.
from what a word means, to the directions to get to , the computer can help with all of this.
some of the greatest inspiration comes from music.
the creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audience to enjoy it to.
she knew what it was like when she was young.
the library has educational movies for children that not be available anywhere else.
i lost pounds by just swimming for a month.
the world is a large place with many people, places, regions, and countries.
yes, you would do this in a social studies look buts is much easier and faster online.
some ways it by.
we do not need any of this.
watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam.
every since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style.
and think about how much computers have done for you.
even government allows many concessions and grants for educational tours.
i got in trouble by saying it just because i heard that stupid word that i wished never heard.
as this essay is being read, people are dying.
using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places.
‘a healthy body carries a healthy mind’ is an old saying.
think what you will but this is my opinion of library censorship, hopefully its yours now too.
setting plays a big role in this story.
so, why not the freedom of writing?
saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people, and both offered by computers.
when she says.
here are some situations many people run into: if one person finds a offensive but no one else does, should be removed?
this where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing.
therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades.
i remember one time long ago, the only way to communicate was by letters or you would have to walk.
computers have helped us come along way since caveman times.
he is saying that the terrain is deadly because of the snake that passed by him.
when people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it.
however, with computers you could just type it in on a search engine and find what your looking for.
that would be a horrible experience for a young child to have.
so friends, save trees by not cutting them and make them happy.
these are the reasons i think internet is valuable in this day in age.
books can make a very deep impression on whoever reads them, and sometimes these impressions are not appropriate for the reader.
no one is to make people to get people offline.
if you do not want your child to be offended or see vulgar shows, texts, and music, do not let them see it.
censorship is wrong.
did you know that more and more people these days are depending on computers for their safety, natural education, and their social life?
computers are a great way to communicate with others.
with a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question.
another reason why computers are great is by making that tough history paper, just a click away.
i think his mood is every happy.
also people people have the right to choose what they want.
communication was absolutely not as easy before having computers.
a child could be on the internet and something accidentally pops up.
you can talk to your friend on there so they on being social.
so him dehydrated trying to get ground a snake would be terrifying.
the cyclist was exhausted as he was going up hill.
and she knows that if the hibiscus can survive the snow and the cold weather of the winter, she knows that she will not fail either.
there are many which includes: religious beliefs, having independence, and experimenting.
well to begin my persuasive .
problems can be easily solved if they are dealt with in the correct manner.
they contain many different styles and genres of books.
spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends.
throughout this memoir the author creates moods, whether good or bad, of the memories of his childhood.
she had failed the driving test.
thanks for reading this and taking i say information.
where would we be without those books and authors?
in conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight.
you cannot only talk you can do business, send pictures, invitations, and announcements.
there are people who believe that everything should be left the way that it is written.
he was talking about how he needed to sip from his water more than normally.
that was how things were back then so, who are we to hide it?
you can with your friends, email your peers and now there are website you can go on where you can talk to your friends or a stranger.
would you want your book to be on the shelf at the library?
they do not get enough exercise, and frankly, abusing computers is not good for your life, physically or socially.
a obstacle is a object in the way of you and were your trying to go.
censorship is not only wrong, its unnecessary.
furthermore, not only was the land add pressure to the cyclist.
lets get out of here.
they can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together.
but, no.
many types of books, magazines, music, movies, and much more have been banned from being put on the shelves of libraries because of their content.
in conclusion, i believe that computers have a great effect on people around the planet.
which than you would need glasses.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist by for the roads and heat has.
they also will take more of an interest in reading if they are interested by walking in a library.
these people can offend you.
this quote helps add to the homesick girl.
you can still interact with family & friends & can meet new people.
one example is when he learned the definition of family.
books and other works should not be censored in libraries.
i thought it was going to be a scenery story but it turns out he want that prepared.
i thought what in the world is this doing at my school they should have something like that in a place where kids are in a learning environment.
then, more and more people get that book and other books that have this style of materials are being discovered and checked out.
my first reason was at the information on the internet.
without exercise, one become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles.
censorship is a terrible thing for libraries.
that is what computers are there for!
), but for some reason the world acts as if they are going to die if there is not perfection all around them.
for conclusion i would say people should stop being lazy on computers and have fun in the world while it lasted.
of all the places, taking things off of the library shelves is not going to do justice of what really needs to be done
i do not think so, those words give power to the book.
gently, she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!
it benefits society, and i enjoy every bit of using it.
i mean if you were a parent would you want to explain to your eight year what sex is.
another bad thing about the computer is that it replace exercise.
of all people in the have computers.
it is kind amazing how advanced our technology is, how you send a message from to in a matter seconds.
most importantly, you can communicate with family and friends online through , , or .
i think computers have a great effect on people
i believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems.
i have only one answer.
another way to communicate is by video chat.
not many like going out and enjoying nature.
no little kid should be looking at or reading those books or movies.
libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs.
some of you might think computers have misleading information.
the mood is described as joyous, giddy, excited, and elated.
if you were to see something you find offensive does that have to mean it offends another around you?
they looked really good it was an action type movie, so i asked the boy if i could see the movie really fast.
all great men of the world were very hard-working persons.
with other people.
websites like , or , or , are scary when it comes to privacy.
his parents helped him and gave him hope.
if he was willing to put filthy stones in his mouth to help him get through his dehydration, he was pretty thirsty.
movies can bring things to life.
some people do not like the fact that there are books on the shelf that they consider offensive.
and the only i could talk to them outside of school was on a computer.
also if someone upload a virus into your they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number.
censoring materials also greatly limits the variety of content available for people to choose from.
the author explains how he has been telling his parents of how much more courageous their plan was then his would have ever been.
instances like this happy everyday int he local library.
it was describing how old it was then the cyclist got some out but it tasted like old battery acid.
censorship can be wholesome without removing all media off the shelves and in the world
another reason is the computer can help you study a place too.
thanks for the conversation.
i do watch them, but i would never watch them around my younger sister!
that can tell you where the uncensored parts are.
should libraries remove offensive reading material?
so what seems to be offensive to people?
finally, the cyclist felt relieved upon seeing the fish camp.
it made of steel.
that is all i have to say.
because he was running out of water, running out of strength, and running out of patience.
that is why i think the computer has a great effect on people.
another reason i do not think that we should take out book and magazines in our libraries is, not everyone is offended by the same thing.
when people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends its a personal choice.
he stumbled across water.
thinking its okay because somebody that is not even real, most of the time, is doing it.
people just want to get their voice out there, and to be heard.
and are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states.
these media types help shape who each individual is and helps them to help make contributions to the world in their lives.
although this information be in a local library.
i think that computer help in many different ways.
but sometimes people think that their opinions are the only opinions that matter.
but even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us.
so the setting in which the main character was riding had a huge effect on him.
my mother had went in and made a complaint about the restricted movies being in with the children films.
i will say though, if you are old enough to live by yourself than you can look at whatever you want.
this will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people.
spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people.
there is an abundance of media that contains no explicit content or sexual material and we are given warnings as to what contains and does not contain this material.
someone should not have the right if a book seems offensive to that person, but if the whole community says that the book is offensive then yes.
it also bears fruits generally once a year.
the author decides to end the story with the paragraph to show many things.
all our festivals are colour oriented.
authors try to get you to understand the world around you, not by trying to offend you in anyway.
or do you want them to know what they should and should not do?
nothing with a negative affect on a person should be viewed by an innocent child.
think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio that all of the original words are still intact?
i do not agree because, the books should not be gone for good.
now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside.
they need to be written, read, and selected to be published.
because of these offensive things, there is often censorship in public places.
removing the offensive items from library shelves will only cause the people searching for these items to look elsewhere.
so it makes it easy on adults as well.
young adults in school also got used to texting.
people are affected by this.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
the knowledge contained within them unknown.
he finally came up to a fishing supply store where he was able to take a break and get a nice drink!
families that are separated because one have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can.
censorship for those who understand is unacceptable, although select items should be viewed under supervision.
if it were not for my mom not wanting to make a big deal out of it, my dad would have had a little chat with that library.
my cousin is now and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby.
your friends are going to start pulling away from you.
dear , to or to it wrong to ban a book?
he thank them for teaching him so many things as a child and the environment he grew up in.
now imagine if we were able to stop that.
besides no ones making you check out that book
my opinion is my opinion but i will stand strong with what i have.
so really, either way you try to remove any material that you think is offensive but is it your right?
to make his life better.
i think that censorship in our libraries would be a idea, and i think we should definitely not take out all the offensive material in the libraries
in a library only certain things should be done.
people today always seem like they are trying to find something offensive.
movies at a library are put their for educational reason like: to teach kids to count, and to learn something about a certain topic.
obviously someone has to read, listen, or watch it.
dear local newspaper, !
if we say stuff right out of the offensive book, we would get in severe trouble.
things like this still go on, and the rate at which they happen are in creasing.
a common side effect of dehydration is hallucination, which the cyclist knew.
when the come back alive.
the most wonderful thing in the world i say the second most wonderful to technology.
they could do this by not letting children leave their parents side.
first of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel.
first of all instead of removing all the books maybe you should consider making a section for only for people of certain age.
when college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down.
in the short story do not exceed posted speed limit it is shown that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist through the story.
so, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on or .
cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone.
for example, movies have ratings for different age groups, and books could do the same.
he put rocks in his mouth to make him forget about water, and lets yours split circulate.
he hit a bump and swallowed the stone.
would be censored.
lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves.
i hope you think of computers the way i, and millions of other people, do.
until the end there was no one on the route making him all alone.
tower defense games make us make better decisions.
if someone wanted to rent a book, and it was not appropriate for them to read, then the librarian or teacher would restrict that book from them.
so why should we have censorship?
computers are useful but we cannot over use it.
that is unfair and should be stopped.
the computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form.
at first, when the cyclist set off in the morning, the conditions were great.
i get on the internet but not for video games.
a can cost anywhere from to even that is a ton money.
when the author described his home, it gave a feeling of warmth and it was very welcoming.
loving place that holds so many memories.
it could of been making spread sheet, designing logos, editing someones or getting new clients.
sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad.
when you read paragraph two, and how he describes the home, the author makes you feel happy.
it is a happy ending for somewhat of a sad story.
in his community that was filled with hardworking immigrants came together in great solidarity & friendship.
the only way is to close our libraries and shut down the internet.
you have to be yourself at the end of the day.
this is because the author tells what his parents gave up just for him to have a good life.
so computers are a addiction waiting to happen.
the next day i passed my test.
com and find it in a split second.
also in the a boy challenges his society because they too censored certain things.
common sense would tell us that this section might contain offensive material.
sometimes, in order to understand a major world event, such as the death of , have to understand the violence and forces that were used.
the dry climate and lack of water affects him by having doubt.
my second reason is if you have a computer you can look up questions that you would have.
the boatman brought us jump to the bank.
i hope that my kid whats to be something that he likes to do when he grows up.
it gives them a bad name.
everybody all over the world knows that the favorite food of the cat is the rat.
the long, big hills that he had to go up and made him more thirsty, but probably more satisfied when it was all over.
now what are you going to do with your life?
in conclusion, this is why i think that computers are a positive effect on people.
most people who find things offensive in a library are always looking at the bad side of the situation.
i' not saying that books should be removed off the shelf, just maybe put up higher, and be watched over more carefully
the gentlemen gave him wrong directions because in their time that was right information.
the library is somewhere you can go to get information on just about anything you want.
how often do you eat dinner with the whole family.
anyone is capable of possessing them.
without having access to a computer and its contents residents have a difficult time embarking themselves within the rest of society.
the features of the setting affected him in that sense.
censorship is normally a bad thing, but in others it could help.
therefore, my point is made.
the library might loss its people if they take a book out for the wrong reason.
video games, video games, video games!
censorship on libraries.
it is time to go outside and have fun with your family.
the internet is a very dangerous.
trying to take the book off the shelf or complaining about it would only take up more time.
it is also a place where you can find a lot of information even though it could be offensive.
the computer is perhaps the greatest form of the world has ever seen.
in my opinion, i think the computer does benefit society in many ways.
dear , i strongly believe computers have positive effects on people and the society.
stories from grandparents only take a person back about years; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years.
artists, authors and publishers release their work to get information out and to let others hear their voice, it is their freedom of speech.
computers take away from friends and family time.
the mood kind of shows his attitude of hope and that his parent hardships created a good life for him.
can be harmless, but it can also be offensive.
this leads to a downward spiral of our society.
these are any a few problems the cyclist encountered.
the loves his parents because of their sacrifice and love.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down instead going outside and that because a habit.
is some people that think woman are just slaves, that is dead wrong.
dear , the world forty years ago.
you can learn about whats happenings in other parts of the world, you can learn things about celebrities, and you can look at the weather.
the cost of production has gone down.
this complicated device can also save files and documents by typing them in so that if it is lost you could just reprint it out.
one kid was so tired he blow the plans off that he made with his friends.
certain things are acceptable in public libraries and other things are not.
, that same quote can easily apply to the music on display in the libraries.
science fiction, thriller, romance, how to build a car with household materials and many more topics all await you at your nearest bookstore or library.
the reason i feel this way is a computer has google to make finding things easier.
one could understand both sides of the coin here but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books.
dear local newspaper, i agree that people are spending more time on the computers and less time doing other important stuff.
your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself.
why not now?
it helps with a lot of tasks these days.
many people believe that their children have a right to learn about all the things books can offer, but is that really such a good thing?
you can go online find what you want click buy and chose your shipping.
computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information.
not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book, which is why i was so shocked when i heard about this strange news.
there are some movies that are just not meant for a younger audience.
i love family but i interact with them.
this could also be a way to learn another language.
the terrain was long and straight then turned into tall hills which had to be difficult to ride.
life as we know it today would be greatly altered without the advances in computer technology that have been made over the past few decades.
the past has nothing to do with what is going on in the present.
especially the juice factory as the author is currently very dehydrated and losing all hope.
i think computers really do benefit society here in why.
as she got older, things became harder and harder for her.
when the man began cycling he thought that this was going to be an easy for ride.
he crashed into an electric pole.
in my opinion i agree with computers benefiting society.
this terrain and the extremely hot conditions would make the cyclist very tired and dehydrated, making his journey to all the more difficult.
they provide you with information and they increase your skill when it comes to technology.
a recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer.
it ruins your marriage if you are married.
dear , i have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer.
there are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine.
people say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends.
next, there could be a totally separate building for the offensive material.
it was hard for him to keep his balance as he says, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer.
if libraries were to start censoring their books, then the result would be a small selection of drab, emotionless materials.
overall i think computers have a positive effect on society.
why would something that, yes, is offensive to some, but would grab promote and keep some within it
magazines are like books in away.
people need to see why he painted such works of what was going on during his life at that time.
the computer can also effect you mentally and socially.
i do not believe it is.
many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands.
if they can not use the specific word they feel describes them the best, it tends to ruin the quality of their character.
the setting affects the cyclist mood in the story the cyclist takes a short cut with many abandon towns, and buildings as well as a bumpy, terrain.
there are many reasons that the books should stay on the shelves.
i the culture and how you need to appreciate what you have.
dear , i think computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons.
i know i said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this.
any wrong turns (which he took, thanks to the direction he was given) could get him lost and thrown off track for a very long time.
lastly, computers can be very dangerous.
unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
in my opinion i agree that it benefits society.
many people are able to work from home with computers, which is just another reason why computers are helpful to all citizens the world.
i could tell that the mood was like that because he would always talk about his parents and how they gave up so much to come here.
you can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there.
dear , i strongly believe that computers are a big benefit to society these days.
i know someone who has a and after school all they do is talk to people.
also, free ?
what happened to our society?
doing some sort of sport has another advantage.
it was great fun.
as to remove books should not be allowed no matter how or what the content of the book be.
supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect.
he showed in the passage the warmth and love in his home.
also his mood is from the music.
they even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, strengthening your relationships.
would you really want that for your child?
if books are being taking away then very less books will be read.
if one is offended by a certain material, all they simply must do, is not look at it.
these reasons are why i think a computer is a positive technology.
a computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children.
debates have come up on whether or not computers are benefiting or destroying society.
i loved the place so much that i would like to visit it next year too.
we all have our own preferences; how would you like it if yours got taken away?
they could be apart for months or even years.
do you believe that a book should be banned from any public library just because someone has a negative opinion about what the book is convincing readers?
thank you for listening.
please read on to hear my story.
even i will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that i can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while.
being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do.
computers teach hand eye coordinator by training your hand to go where your brain tells it to and where your eyes show it.
we should not waste electricity because resources to make electricity are scarce and will not last forever.
everything is done on computers!
how can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child is only or years old based off of their personal selfish beliefs?
every movie, book, and magazine have information about something that you want to know.
this also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time.
every student do the same.
the cause stress and unnecessary drama.
even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy.
in this memoir author creates a very specific mood that is the same throughout the memoir.
also the parents and child need to spend time together, if they are both on the computer they cant spend time together.
what might be offensive to one person could be a lifestyle or interest to another.
the dangers of riding when the weather conditions are bad will make the cyclist second guest: riding or not.
the children that scrutinized that book would be confused because they do not understand what drugs and alcohol are.
he returns home very tired.
my school has a big playground.
i have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight.
(paragraph ).
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
there is books that teach you a lot.
the librarian apologized and agreed that the placement of the magazines was a little out of line.
what do you do?
can bring your family closer together.
my grandma said to my mom.
that concludes why the mood is joyous.
the mood, to put it in general terms, is happy.
next, he came across a fork in the road which was troubling to him.
going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the internet.
the books on the shelf are arranged or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
this article shows that is looking back with love and warm memories in his mind, and there are many examples to show that this is true.
it can be and very offensive.
these two things are not okay.
first of all, he describes the selflessness of his parents.
if everybody paid attention too offensive entertainment regardless to what kind, people would be upset all the time.
friend was dumbfounded.
for example, in video stores they have and adult section that only adults enter not children.
i would think not.
like the geese, she is saying that everything in this country she is starting to get used to like the geese that fly south every winter.
in the essay rough road ahead; do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting had an affect on the cyclist.
it is just something in our world that we have to live with
i am a good basketball player and enjoy playing this game very much.
without computers our society would not be so far advanced.
the way that the rest of the story is told is as if this is a turning point or an end to the en time boot.
a computer helps the victim by giving them a better feel on their environment.
there should be a certain age bookshelf that only certain aged people are aloud to look at.
with all this new / quicker stuff you can talk to friend when ever you want.
just as there are no two identical snowflakes, no two humans are exactly the same.
this year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college.
i think this because, it helps people learn.
every has a different opinion on different matters based on their beliefs and life experiences.
computers are needed to help people learn in our society.
now and days you will see plenty of people on the computer and not spending time with there family.
public libraries should be able to keep all sorts of content for all sorts of people.
this is why the camel is called the ship of the desert.
computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you have needed to know.
the hibiscus is a piece of her past, adapted to fit her current situation.
i interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around.
if they change the book they change history and they take away knowledge from the children of tomorrow that slavery was a harsh, harsh thing.
i am sure that a person could figure out something offensive about any book.
as my mother had said i remembered everything.
these computers are bad for people.
sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes.
everyday i would go on the computer a little bit and then go outside for an hour to play basket ball.
in the morning when he began his trip, he was eager and determined to get to his destination.
thank you for your time.
how could that possibly be regroup?
of student study in computers and they learn about thing that they never knew.
they choose to over use the computer, and too much of any thing is a bad thing.
we need knowledge to make the most out of it.
experts agree, that computers and other types of technology are to blame.
dear , i believe that computers benefit society very much.
who wants to be told what they can and cannot read?
another reason why computers are good because it can bring the world together.
dear, i would like to tell you something.
as a country, has more obese people each decade.
not only should they be exposed to some materials that are not so clean and normal but they should be introduced to things such as foreign writing.
but they are not good enough for people.
this is why i feel that winter hibiscus was concluded in this way.
this making it dangerous.
this symbolizes hope because the girl is realizing that it is going to take time before she can adapt to her new country but eventually she will.
what a waist money!
i do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life.
censorship has changed a lot.
billions of books float from shelf to shelf each day: fictional and nonfictional, horror and comedy.
will never forget the house because it is where learned the real definition of family.
lets just say you forgot where a relatives house is you can easily type in your address and his address and easily get directions.
these are three reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
now is the time to agree!
as my many years as a student, i have come to find books containing vulgar images and language.
we would have nothing and the libraries, movie stores and books would be empty.
also creates a sense of pride in his parents and family.
no one wants to check out thinks that are offensive in any type of way.
in conclusion i state: no one should be able to say what you can and can not have on the shelves of the library.
because of the internet there is basically no more boredom.
we should just keep them out of the libraries.
did you know out of kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least ?
i think this for a few different reasons.
finally, we can make friends from all over the world.
one can also attach documents that consist.
finally, computers lack in interacting with friends.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
all school day they talked to their friends, they need to be with family doing something to keep them fit and healthy.
when you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body.
the time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!
lastly, finding information, is so easy with a .
secondly, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people.
this he had lost hope and hung his head.
also with so many computers it creates jobs.
of every period, volumes can be written on what man wanted to know and how he learned.
have you ever been to a library and not found something you liked?
so i think computers are not a bad idea or a bad things.
well rap music is based on their past and how their life is.
for example, a nice house or nice clothes, most families have problems trying to pay rent and do other bills if only one parent is working.
you can watch movies on your computer, and download fun games.
i know worried.
this could make the cyclist thirsty.
i for one think computers benefit society today, and those people who think otherwise should look into it one move step.
many different people have different views of different kinds of books.
the library is a place for everyone and not just one type of people.
remember computers, do lots of things, help us learn, and they are a fantastic tool.
the computer has even been the sole purpose for many other ground breaking improvements in technology.
books, books, and more books.
they can open a whole new world to learn and be entertained but also a world of inappropriate items.
finally most jobs today use computers.
removing literature from a shelf should not be permitted just because you think something about it.
finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online.
do i find it offensive to some?
they be learning books but the little kids do not need to see that.
if someone were to decide to take down a book or movie that they view as offensive then they are breaking the freedom that this has.
financial loss is something that many people are concerned about.
they could have never used one before, but then they learned how easy it was.
all of these types belonging to a certain decade.
it had words that i never heard before, and i got confused.
there are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day!
for example and that rich sweet scent, that was familiar ton.
you guessed it; computers.
at the library, there is a music section, movie section, and lastly the books.
he was excited to know that he knows where hes heading too.
with the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute.
without a doubt using a computer helps us learn.
the heat is actually what causes the conflict in the story of the cyclist needing water.
so should books in a library be censored?
some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there.
my reasons on this subject can be viewed in two different ways, but i would like to view it in my way.
i believe that this really has to go down to what the persons beliefs are.
what is great about the library is that you have a huge selection of items to choose from.
now she can be prepared.
i want my library to be what was made to be, a mixture of cultures and backgrounds.
if libraries censor their books, then other materials might start vanishing as well.
being a daughter and teenager myself, i personally have had the experience of reading some of these offensive books and magazines.
with censorship in libraries this would keep the little kids from acting the way they do in a book.
who is to say what is or is not offensive?
people could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about.
i believe that this is definitely true because i remember that the same happened to my sister.
also with increased computer time people are not getting outside.
were do you go?
libraries should just stick to the same old same old a section for kids with kid books.
it shows that there is still possibility that she can get on with her life.
it is all a big chain with many loops.
i wrote this letter to tell you that there are some good things about going on the computer.
computers benefit society more than you would think.
i mean you could learn about faraway places with out going there, but then what would be the fun of that.
in additional people think it keeps them busy.
i want to tell you all of the great things computers do not make our lives so much easier.
it could be online chatting and even sharing photos.
those are all the reasons why i think books with curse words should not be handed out to little kids.
thus, goes on the season’s cycle.
we can meet new people on the internet.
if it survives she knows that she too will survive, and life goes on.
go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family.
this because computers do tasks such as helps research, communicating with others, and has fun games and websites.
dear , i think that computers do not benefit society.
the same applies for magazines and movies.
technological devices are more exciting than people teachers and definitely parents but do they offer more?
i firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society.
the butterfly starts it’s life in an egg.
yet some people refuse to accept computers are now apart of every day life.
the mood the author created in the memoir is a roller coaster.
why is this magazine in the library with risky pictures?
well, everyone knows the same old question ' do babies come from?'.
if movies, books, magazines, and music continue to be left uncensored, the world will become a giant brouhaha.
almost anything like these could be considered offensive.
i have one more reason why i think computers benefit, not effect.
discusses how his family was always growing.
so more and more people buy computers each year.
censorship has a job to protect us from many unnerving topics and i agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves.
spring is an archetype of rebirth and a new life.
computers have some good advantages here and there but mostly result in a negative effect.
because he is unsure of the path he is on, he begins to panic a little.
these are all great ways of using the computer.
it is our way of expressing freedom of speech, and that is an integral part of our country and our culture
my point is that there is a whole world outside of we only got off our computers and played outside.
for some there is pride in harvesting an animal and knowing that they provided that meat.
fer example in , he talks about the sacrifices his parents made to give their children a better life.
while reading this paper i hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world.
dear newspaper, i think computers are good for you because talk online, teach hand eye coordination, and other stuff too.
oh this very topic, i am agreeing with the experts who say people are sending too much time on their computers and less time doing other things.
did you know a lot of people spend their time on the computers?
the car driver tried to escape.
in most school paper you have to type and provide what websites you used to achieve finishing the paper.
it was almost as if she completely forgot about failing and was only thinking about the plants, flowers.
we should always ask our parents before we decide on something.
some people have an arid fear of change.
because you are not doing nothing, just sitting in a chair in the computer getting fat.
people have come to rely too heavily on computers.
i like to shop online for discounts and sales where i know thing are cheaper than in stores.
in conclude the story with that paragraph for a few good reasons.
you could gain loads of knowledge and make interaction with others easier with a click of the cursor.
some adult come into the library looking for one of these books, so then they can ask and find them.
libraries should put on the shelf what people write, so that others enjoy them.
or even bad.
if that happens smaller amounts of people will come.
the author should be the judge on whether or not they want there book censored.
but why do some people not hire them?
now use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students.
i am not saying to stop using computers.
i do not think that people should not be able to take books off of the shelves.
so yes, certain materials should be taken away from the public eye, for the safety of the community and for its' children.
final reason i can do a lot of things like find a question or do project on.
the library could just set up a different section for certain things and people of certain age.
in the story winter hibiscus the author ends the story in a way that shows that she wants to start fresh.
dear , of is all about computers.
these creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about.
in this case i strongly disagree with the critics and for my side of good uses.
first off, one contributing factor is that computers help us keep in contact.
they just do not feel comfortable fellow students saying them and their teachers saying them.
this means that they were close, loving, and unified.
also at a library their are age level restrictions on cards that prevent a child from checking out offensive material.
using computers could be fun for some and work for others.
like the author said if everyone was able to take something off of the shelves there would not be anything left.
the fact that they put these things in a library shocks me greatly.
why should things that bother other people be removed when they are not hurting anything or anybody.
so the way he was suffering from dehydration physically effected his emotional state because he felt as though there was nothing he could do.
she decided when it will spring with hibiscus budding she will start her new life by giving the test again and providing her self how important hibiscus
computer use is a growing problem.
a rough spot for the cyclist was when the terrain changed from a flat stretch to rolling hills.
some street beggars are thieves who cheat people and steal their things.
only if these methods of moderation were enforced would everyone be upset.
also, you can watch movies, episodes, and videos.
the setting in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit is used as an important for character development.
what do i think?
even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today.
the author states that he is very grateful for his parents, and that there is no way to express the love he feels for his parents.
plus you even go to your friends, house and instead of laughing, you'l say .
we have a live chat on or even .
so go, go, go, have yourself some fun.
us children are always curious to know things, especially when we are growing up.
they have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment.
do a adults and kids spend to much time on the computer?
we have a pair of kidneys.
strive to help them.
or you could use the computer for school work or for work.
should be removed from the shelves.
any book store you walk into, you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even ',' which focuses on .
computer are also great because you can video chat with friends and family.
these dangerous computer have people on it called online predators.
passing on the information can become a conflict, and people certainly do no want that.
he thinks that some miracle will happen and he will become rich and prosperous.
the to the of the , clearly the idea of freedom of the press.
censorship can protect a child from information they are better off not knowing, but it also robs them of a chance to gain vital knowledge.
she says of the hibiscus, its not like the kind we had before.
now someone can come along and say: ' if the book is a fantasy?'.
society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not.
and who knows they actually might be right if you give them a chance to speak.
i believe censorship is a great thing for youth.
adults, and even some teenagers have jobs in.
some magazines have really offensive things in them, that people in the real world say.
priority not too long ago.
so it just depends on the situation.
the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
people depend on them a lot but same people disagree.
computers are real useful.
he became lost and ran out of water making his situation worse.
everyone has an opinion on how things should be in the world, and no one is necessarily right.
for adults they use it for work.
not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them.
no one can.
they only become offensive when people think they are.
but meeting new people can also be good.
when they just take it off everything will be in grate shape
restrictions on renting that material could be set.
censorship can take some of the stress off of some parents' backs.
it should not be hard to find these sections because usually the children section has toys and puzzles in them and children theme walls.
some people just wish to get there thoughts out and share their message with other people.
tumbleweeds crossed my path ( ).
every since i was, ten years old i dreamed of going to .
this shows his happiness for his parents risking their lives for him to have a better life.
it helps people think of new ideas.
computer allow many people to become with each other in new and effective ways.
people would be even more offended than before in that case.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
this function keeps kids in touch and active.
the first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination.
it means that person should simply not read it.
on the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life.
they become friendly with the seamen and go on fishing.
come on in to the wonderful world of computers.
its not all .
you are talking your friends, but its not the same as being with them.
do you believe that certain materials in the library should be removed off the shelf if found offensive?
with several and factors these days it is hard to find something that is not offensive to ones culture.
, which let me explain, is .
whats the harm in it anyway
this should be a high priced reason for agreement!
he weighs pounds due to being on the computer all the time.
these things are why the mood of the memoir is loving and grateful.
when they come back i will take that test again.
with the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer.
also it helps you learn how to cope with some things that you could of never coped with before because it makes you feel relaxed.
we can reject, we can ignore, or we can absorb and interpret.
each more mile he keeps telling himself, if i can just get there ill be fine.
if you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature.
the mood of this memoir explains how precious is a home and the memories contained in it.
it will make your a better person!
there a books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
at first he was very motivated, determined, and hydrated.
he is very good in studies.
his determination started to fade because he started to see wide open lands with nothing but tumbleweeds and ridiculously large snakes.
as the author cycles through this shortcut, he is in a very dangerous setting.
also help with learning about far away places.
it can be fun chatting, educational or hard working.
censorship is effectively unconstitutional.
people are using computers to an extent to which it is bad for their health.
at times she have felt out of place because she was no longer in her comfort zone.
that small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away.
so, the water issue was clearly the main point of of conflict that the author presented in the setting.
rowing a boat provides a lot of fun.
if its all down hill, its really easy, but all uphill is hard, level terrain is fairly easy.
you can take this any way that you want but i hope you learn before it is to late.
the way computers make you feel is not enjoyable.
a second way the author sets the mood is by sneaking in deeper thoughts within the paragraphs and parentheses.
therefore, i would not be able to read as much.
they allow you to write efficiently and neatly.
early morning they go to school and come back tired in the evening.
no, and why might that be?
so, its now or never.
another issue i have is with sexual content being found in libraries.
a wonderful educational source to use in schools, jobs, etc.
therefore they are getting barely any work done.
now here comes the negative effect.
another positive effect that computers have on people is communication.
there is a movie out now that is rated and is extremely scary.
a recent study by and the studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer.
in closing, overusing your computer can cause health problems, put your safety at risk, and hurt your education.
for example, paintings of nude men and women are looked at as wrong and disturbing by some and are also seen as masterpieces by others.
as said before there would be no books for anyone to read if everybody removed what they felt was offensive.
dear , to this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer.
the author shows it by saying love of cooking.
if it is a public library then the visitors should have the right to choose what books go on the shelf.
i do not think people should take books off the shelves because the town libraries have those types of books.
they had to find new jobs and give their child a happy life.
authors and media producers should take other people into consideration and put their efforts into raising awareness instead of offending.
the question is, is it a good idea for those books that are now being censored to be taken off the shelves?
people, including singer have been caught in sexting.
also another mood is happy, happy from all the great memories.
you use a webcam and talk to anyone you want.
sometimes you can even play with you friends online with a online game.
first and foremost, about of all modern companies require their employees to work on computers.
there are some material that a adult need to help in life.
sets such an ecstatic mood, that the reader wants to be there, at his home.
also, you can learn more about people, places, cultures and much more.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him ???
in my opinion i think the computer its a really good way to communicate with your family.
i know i be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends.
as you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing.
by spending all day on the computer you will get fat, lose great experiences on the outside and miss out on life.
yes, most people visit libraries for the wrong reasons but to other people, those wrong reasons be the reason for them to gain more information.
had the town been thriving, he could have bought more water to make his trip easier to accomplish.
i think that we should have computers.
you can talk to your all.
the mood created in the memoir is happiness and gratitude.
the author creates a happy and grateful mood in the memoir.
lastly, they save us money everyday.
after months, the fit and healthy became obese.
the hills caused him to use more of his energy, which he needed to stay alive.
when searching through the library you never know what will find on the shelves.
different people find different things offensive, this can be because of race, gender, ethnicity, etc.
there are many ways you can do this on , , twitter, yahoo.
he started of determined, then as the setting changed he became doubtful and frustrated.
the author is just showing that the girl is going to try again next time.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
this shows that even though someone write or speak out against the majority opinion, they can say whatever they want without being punished for it.
he setting made the cyclist feel lonely.
people can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like.
well then i could get a franchise closed because it offends me.
then there is stuff that nobody should listen to, or for that matter even sing about like almost all music.
the effects that computers have on people are really something you should thank god for.
if they trust their children with these materials then that is their choice.
the phrases and statement show that the author feels very grateful for what his parents have done for him, which create a mood of gratitude.
, , while growing up had poor influences all around him.
movies that are that offensive should probably be in a movie store that states that the movies are offensive and could be inappropriate.
optimistic outlook on her situation and decides to do something about it.
its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want.
nobody wants to look at something that offends them.
finally, computers type papers and essays up faster.
its a new time and age and things are different.
or maybe when we are playing games online, the same thing applies.
he might learn tips from the magazine, or find some new gear that he thinks could be useful.
then there are also people you had strict parents and they turned out to be not so good of a person, and vise versa.
and not be working down at you finger keys.
computers allow us to talk with people online.
first, i feel that books should not be removed from libraries because some people think that they are offensive.
learning is exceptional for not just only the person reading, but also the human race.
this means that we as individuals should be able to decide what we want to read and what we do not.
look for the good in situations.
she was on it all day and all night.
they can and most likely will come to your house for you.
you use the computer to do homework or to search a a stores etc.
yes we do live in a world where everyone is judged by how they .
in the world today there are so many laws, regulations, and even authorities protecting our rights.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
if we have almost to no children or adults running around outside, our world is not flowing too well.
two, the computer can help you communicate with your family too for instance.
what one person loves, another person could hate.
this article deeply offended me, but i am glad i read it and saw a different point of view.
out of have said they are their are spending to each time on the computer.
leave that choice to .
maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in earphones and listen to math help.
if someone thinks their book is offensive and it gets censored, the author of the book would be even more offended.
for instance my little brother plays baseball & my parents signed him up online.
those were the moods the set into this memoir.
some students sit in their classrooms.
especially pertaining to what books, magazines, movies, and music almost all people are reading, watching, and listening to.
my people and i went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed people each.
there you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the .
a school cannot function smoothly without discipline.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history.
he has to evaluate the answer sheets of the students.
our body is a wonderful creation of god.
so i use computer, parents and i now communicate more than we used to.
one reason i do not believe that there should be censorship in libraries is that tons of good books are lost because of it.
another benefit of computers is communication.
this is a fabulous point on why computers are so important.
once i came up on a very horrible seen on the computer.
so, i think it depends on the situation.
i could just go onto a computer open or download a program a there it is.
there are many bad things about the invention of computers, they give access to the internet.
these are the things you should have.
computers are the easiest way to look up information, something important when children are learning.
sure some novels expose a few word of profanity or discrimination but everyone has to deal with it.
on the logical side of this, the more a person knows the more power one has.
he also fells alone i toiled on at some point tumbleweed crossed my path he also.
everyone has a right to their own beliefs and opinions.
items containing vulgar language is unjust to most.
second, here are some dark secret of the computer.
in this phrase she shows a growing acceptance and even an affection for her new homeland.
after all the world is a very diverse place and we were not all made the same.
do you think that these golden ideas are bad for our society?
prevention and protection from disability can reduce suffering.
remember the old black and white films?
guess what it can do better then censorship.
he then faced his next problem.
book censorship limits knowledge.
although tolstoy was born an aristocrat he disliked the snobbish behavior of the aristocratic society.
eighty eight percent of voted that the most important thing in their life was their family and friends.
think of a climber trying to grab a on a mountain.
this brought mass attention to which caused many people to donate and needed items.
making sure children cannot reach these materials is a concern.
in fact, of all the people in this who owns a , is addicted to computers.
if they think it is offensive, then they should put it back on the shelf and go find something else.
this could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they become violent or depressed.
our future leaders are already glued to the games, email and instant messaging of the net.
just not to the point were those areas become restricted to certain age groups.
i sure do.
lastly, due to the rising demand of computers, companies typically rely on computers for jobs.
also, the author want`s to express how there is still structure and stability in a changing world and that you can look to the simple things.
also, the computer has programs to help you manage expenses, keeping you on top of your game.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us'.
i believe that things that are brought to the world for entertainment should also be able to get out of the world if people are offended by it.
how can writing be offensive?
literature and every other movie and type of literature is what shapes a culture.
is this good for people is what there doing affecting there health and physical activity.
this should be the way to organize the films and magazines as well.
the features of the barren desert path make the cyclist quite nervous, but they also make him determined to escape them.
why should you right you have the option to use a computer which lets you write faster than you could on normal paper.
should libraries ban certain books just because of some contend on one page?
what happened to it?
he thought back to his memorable birthdays and feasts and it made him happy.
as the day went on, he felt the heat bearing down on him.
they would let people stay at there house if they needed help or if they had to rest.
computer have a positive effect on people.
people have the choice to not listen to it or not read about it.
plus it was hilly.
as i believe any human would be.
the strong heat, because the cyclist could bare had a heat stroke.
my opinion on this is no.
however, we can change the way that we view these people.
for example, i mostly have how time to go on the computer.
not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed.
and here are just a few of them.
weather can make them use up their water faster or slower, rain as bad road conditions could force a cyclist go slower.
later that day, they got a call from the credit card company warning them about the purchase.
it sure has happened to me, but you know what i do?
each person has a really good ability that stands out.
well that is your opinion because, if a biology teacher seen a book like that then they might want to check it out.
it is all about what you as a reader is comfortable with.
the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist in the story do not exceed posted speed limit.
also, simulations and gaming on computers reveal interest for many people.
the mood in this story was security and happiness.
many people will answer this question differently.
this is why i think the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
this helps us increase our hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, the letters on the keyboard, and push them.
both are very bad if you are lost and on a bike.
i myself have read the .
imagine your at work or school and you were asked to write a five page essay.
dear, i think the use of computers are good, here are some reasons why?
our kids and future kids do not need to be learning about these sort of things.
what do you consider an offensive book?
instead of worrying thoughts you or not remember, you now have confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts right on your .
none was poor and none was unfortunate.
there are book if you need information.
the setting is in a dessert, which is very hot, there is no water around and usually nobody lives in a dessert.
computers cause you to turn away from them.
the rider says the sun was beginning to beat down.
it is inevitable that the computer and technology related to that, paint the picture of the future of our world.
books based on religion, or maybe a website based on a musician that had references to drugs in their lyrics.
some of these books now and days need to be censored.
this is common sense.
please take my reasons into consideration.
his perseverance paid off.
there is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, when you could do it in person.
once society is relieved of all literature, the next step will be music.
i think that you should have a positive way on computers too.
he got a bolt of strength just from seeing a building ahead.
you just simply have to grab a new book.
for little kids i think that they should have things censored because there young.
no good comes from hiding it.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
she looks, and researches it.
when i get home, i start using the online text book for my math class.
video chatting lets you see someone and talk to them practically face to face from thousands of miles away.
the features of a setting could be a number of different things.
in that point of view you could see why parents are getting upset about inappropriate items on the shelves.
limiting someones knowledge could hurt that persons chance at becoming something in this world.
i know this because in the story he said there was no one in sight, not a building, car or structure of any kind.
overall i do not think libraries should take out these materials.
you look back and regret doing what you did.
he had a number of dogs, cats, birds, hares, tortoises, ponies, etc.
he is greatly affected by the heat and was so tired he wanted to make sure the building was not an illusion.
they will argue that there is really no severe need for the computers to be monitored, or that they have blocked websites.
they use them to much these for people can stop going to gyms and get over weight.
keep children in a safe, innocent environment
i have read many books and have not found hardly any book to ever be offensive.
the first reason being what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
then if i like it, i start singing it.
also, you can use the computers for a research project or you can use the for some facts on people like , , and .
dear , name us from , .
but this all changes when he hit those horrible hills.
whole generations of books, music, etc.
music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics.
how many times has it been said that communication is key to a healthy relationship?
it helps people because they could projects.
if certain materials are censored and taken away, they cannot access that type of learning.
when you play those games you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen.
it did this because some of its included feature can seem as actual metaphorically based moods.
so i do not agree with censorship in libraries.
thus creating a decision usually for the parents, usually assuming they are the ones to but the album or the music for their child.
stick around if you want the anecdote for the computer virus so people can be cured.
people of any age should be able to check out any book they please
all ages should be able to enjoy what a library has to offer, and with some materials that is not possible.
recently on the news i saw a segment of how at they are using robots to make surgery more efficient.
the kids can look up and in seconds they have all the information they need!
computers are always being used for several things.
i wonder if some books on endangered species of fish.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
every we go there is censorship.
do you want your kids like that?
that changed me big time, i felt really had for those people.
then a large snake blocked the majority of the pavement in front of him.
what good does that do anyone?
i know this because in the story, he states that it feels around degrees.
in the essay, he states, i noticed the terrain changing.
the comfort with you family and to the mood of family.
and he was positive and honest.
it all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are.
i believe that all the books are meant to be in the library.
once children learn to read you might come across a bigger problem.
for example the rough road.
for some it be pictures.
which shows that you can make the best of any situation with family and friends.
those things might be offensive to them, but not to other people.
people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy.
in the memoir the expressed different moods.
the only way to do this is to pick up a book from someone who has been lucky enough to experience it themselves.
the plant will go through a cold, and snowy winter but it will grow and blossom in the spring.
finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends.
music is something that mostly everyone listens to.
the computer can also be very dangerous in many ways.
they would probably act friendly to get the kid comfortable then they would end up kidnapping them.
this shows the generosity of his parents and the author is trying to create a loving mood.
the author this mood with his quotes that puts in.
that will not stop me with helping my friends in the future.
this sight was troubling when the features of the next setting caught his eye he was desperate and devastated.
i personally have never been to a library and saw a book, magazine, movie, song that was offensive to me or my family.
our media is too intertwined with our lives.
the mood the author created in the memoir is love.
i grow some vegetables also in my garden.
i feel this way because people need to start exercising it more, and interact with family and friends.
they are beneficial.
is why i think there should be guidelines or rules.
now do you want that to happen to the world?
the internet is the real bad guy if anything is going to be blamed for corruption of minds.
a computer is to talk to someone without physically being there.
in conclusion i think computers are good things.
people are losing time and everything.
he also says, over one long, crippling hill.
i remember several years ago i attended a and the party at the local library to celebrate the next book in the series being released.
some people are working with stocks, and these days, the stocks could be good or bad, so you need to keep up!
there are many of them books also.
the computer also helps you to learn.
here are my detailed reasons.
does that mean we have the right to take it off the shelf because one is offended?
mood, means tone or a feeling, so the mood of this was grateful and happy.
if someone was on the computer too long instead of doing their homework that could effect their grades a lot.
he wants to try new things.
they have a critical knocking on their front door.
this is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites.
then i will not get or read the book, it is that simple.
when your reading online you just read what people say, basically rumors.
we need to preserve through every problem we go through in life.
dear , people have computers, and people use them.
it was also very hot there.
he wears the school uniform when he is on duty.
you see much of our population spends at least hours a ween on the computer.
these help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you want to find.
fake and dangerous info when we have book.
also you see the words that you are typing and you press with you hands.
so they read books.
recently i was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for a process that would take a human weeks.
it should not be up to their audience to decide whether or not it is appropriate.
when was the last time you need a computer to help you look up something or someone?
the air, mixing with aromas of the kitchen.
there are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on.
these books range from romance, action packed, and scary.
besides making live communication easier, computers also help to communicate news, weather few weeks ago, the the home was out.
the only other access to typing is a type writer.
that got me thinking.
you have children you can lose the ability to watch them grow up to adults and can even push them away.
everything is normal again and we go to check out.
i know a family that has a son fighting in the .
no one insight; not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
books should remain where they belong, in schools on the shelves.
if a person was to not want a certain type of books in the library, then i think that person should just try and ignore the books.
the mood created by the author is one of loving mood.
in conclusion i answer this question by saying no.
if think the author did a very nice job.
each person has different morals so who is to say what should and should not be in a library?
for instance somebody goes home and checks their email.
also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time.
in my opinion we do not need computers.
he saw a building coming up, but it was just an old wore down factory.
but i would also like to comment something about the computer.
i think there is also an issue with computers.
everyone in society is still going to act this way, whether you can stop your children from hearing about it or not.
my mom move.
they also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff.
pleases near my reasons and give me a fighting chance.
they cause conflicts in between one an another.
most likely the author ended the story with the paragraph for dramatic effect for the reader.
this shows him grateful to his parents for passing on their culture to him.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world.
well, if you have this is called sexting.
it will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information.
the mood was very happy.
say if you an your friend has the same computer which includes webcam, video messaging and more.
computers can entertain you with games.
one thing about movies that i like are they are good for visual aids.
i don' know why these books are even needed in a library.
they put things out there like that because they could encourage someone else.
there was an awe inspiring official who appeared to be very busy.
you can chat with people typing.
for example the commercials for gum with that woman, some people might consider that offensive.
local research show that of planning their vocation use the internet.
people would be well aware of the facts by reading an article online.
the next pressing issue is the amount of reading the average teenager and does.
is a online service that you use to talk to them in person.
stories about knights and princesses are great for young people, but other stories about the darker sides of life are normally kept away from the hands of children.
another breathtaking adventure that you miss out on is hiking.
one last thing local newspaper is that many kids and children and parents need to have more time.
i also do all the writing on it too so it wont look messy but instead, clean and neat.
many things can affect a cyclist.
to take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives.
i hope i got my point across that they are bad.
having a computer helps people to keep distant friends and family close in touch.
fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine.
no they not use computers more.
without computers this disease would be stopped.
the same family as before is sitting in bright, sunny room their computer screens flashing merrily.
it is his pride that makes the readers feel happy for him.
until the final paragraph, the tone in the story is depressing.
we had a trainer with us.
which is more important to you, family or computers?
we should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be removed.
my leaves are used for various decoration in the special occasions.
if the setting had been in a more urbanized area, the cyclist could have gotten help from other people, which would have made his ordeal very easy.
try something else such as an adult section.
the features of the setting directly affects the cyclist.
when working out, at work, driving, or just siting at home.
this made him mad and his confidence dropped a lot.
their simple house was the best place for them to be together as a family.
we are always going to have these things that we do not want children to see, but we can start to eliminate some of them.
in the text is say it can make through the cold months.
this winter hibiscus.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries to avoid offensive history, books, or newspaper articles.
as one walks, the worries and anxieties vanish away.
i support the advances in technology.
but the biggest hindrance was along his setting.
so its never.
however, when he realizes its old juice factory, he grows bitter.
a computer help people build skills now and for their own future.
everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended.
i believe that all sorts of books, music, and magazines should stay on the shelves at the library.
this is especially true in this case because of his lack of water.
taxis, buses, and scooters were parked outside.
finally, computers allow people to learn about different places around the world.
although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people.
when your on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them.
i feel energetic for the whole day.
exercise is a key part of staying healthy.
dear local newspaper, did you know that just about of the people in the have computers and use them daily.
the writers of this were aware that freedom of creativity should not be held back from the people.
not everyone has the same opinion about what should and should not be blocked out of everyday media materials.
some adults and mostly kids are not getting enough exercise, or even spending time with family.
supply and demand.
in regards to this, readers across the globe should keep in mind why the author might target them, and avoid conflict by avoiding the material.
finally, you know how computers affect people.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the awesomeness of the computers!
if computers are important to them, the could they be destructive to society?
their are some books that should not be removed from libraries do to censorship.
we should neither speak ill about others nor use harsh words for anybody.
a library should be a place of enlightenment.
for example rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
i have no idea what those books are and what got them on this list but they must be very rude and vulgar to be on this list.
you can do many things on the internet.
so why would we allow this book to be in the library?
the mood in the memoir by is happy, loving, and upbeat or lively.
seeing the geese fly reminds her of her home.
never in your life have you seen an .
where as the people that do not want the censorship in libraries do not have to be around .
if the libraries do have books that are offensive, they do a good job hiding them from me and other kids.
in places like libraries, you never know who might come in to check something out.
some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising.
in the end, the setting effect how the cyclist back against confident, then desperate as water is used, than relieved when water is found.
his parents life was hard they tried to make it as good as they could for, their son.
there are ways people can avoid seeing them.
get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk.
this shows that if he needed help, there was no one around to lend him a hand.
to one point the cyclists original objective became invalidated for his thirst pangs and exhaustion.
maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write the things on what people want to hear, or see.
books today are basically telling you real life things that happen or can happen if you do anything.
no one can read about a topic that they are interested in if it is banned, this will cease creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently.
at this point i ask you, the computer worth everything we think it ?
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
there are some good ones out there if u look.
a book would probably take up more time and you get less information.
some of the things that they might read are probably things that their parents would like to talk to them about later on in the future.
because they have affect on people who use computers and other electronics.
games teach you to act with a team spirit.
i think the last time i spent some time with my family was about weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit.
since i did not the website all i got to play was checkers on the computers but one day logged onto it and played my first driving computer game.
surely the effects of computers cant be good.
some parents have no idea what their child might be watching behind closed doors.
an examination is like a fever.
the computer can make things visual to kids and out.
what would you do?
the next reason is, the library put the movie or book on the shelf in the first place because they thought people would enjoy it.
so how you feel if your favorite book was gone from all libraries?
the hibiscus symbolizes a new start test once the geese ???
he works hard and loves his work.
those books, movies, and magazines that are offensive, are enjoyable to me.
they also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens the streets and in their homes.
which i can understand why someone would want to escape.
there is a big blackboard too.
that person might take offense to these commercials.
please listen or your child could stay back.
first off, i like to think of banning books or anything else from the author or writers view.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
my uncle, , lives in .
everything in the story is about to change.
we should keep movies, there is no doubt in my mind.
i have little brothers, and they are , , .
dear sir or mam, have you or someone in your family ever read a book, magazine, or watched a movie that was taken to be offensive?
it seem as if viewing, reading or listening to something violent or explicit, would have an effect on the listener.
a computer has to be programmed as per the requirement either to guide a missile or to write poetry.
my father wanted me to join a school.
with my mother’s help, i have made a big collection of different models of planes.
my response is that you just could email it to a teach friend or any body else.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
you should have all the materials that a child should be interested in.
another good example is movies.
computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy.
as a result, bonding with her mother erupted, and it brought another day of hope for her future in her new home.
i believe in making people happy and one thing that is wrong with society today is too much judging and talking down and talking bad about people.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
showing that she found comfort and confidence in the hibiscus.
google search places to learn about.
its use should simply be monitored so that only those capable of accepting or understanding its message are capable of reading it.
prostitution happens because of online chats.
it changes from person to person because of varying cultures, religions, and moral codes.
lord buddha was one of the greatest religious teachers who ever lived in the world.
being on the computer helps with hand eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places, and even talk friends.
he then tells his science class, who the spread the word of preservation of the forest.
finally, computer allow one to talk online.
magazines are meant to tell the truth and sometimes the truth is hard.
with video chat, you can show off new , or newborn baby.
he is on an empty road, flat and dry.
above all, i hate all those persons who indulge in anti-social and anti-national activities.
without the books and the videos the future will never know what happened.
if people buy the books that mean the libraries get money and the more books people buy the richer the libraries becomes.
the scarcity of buildings in this dry desert terrain causes the cyclist to try every shack or building he comes across for water.
if not by word of print, word of mouth will lead them to the same discoveries as they would have come to if reading it from a book.
the hot sun and the desert features in the setting are affect the cyclist in ways that could potentially stop him from making it to his destination.
people have the right to say how they feel by any medium.
the technology is unbelievable and makes everyday life, easier.
certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public.
computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn so much more.
without computers life would be difficult and stressful.
finally it says, this hibiscus is budding which means she will bloom.
not looking at a computer screen.
for example, some poems are written with a vague tone so that they can be interpreted in different ways based upon the person.
lastly you will be able to find everything you look for.
books that suggest harmful behavior towards anything without a purpose should be thrown away.
he learned everything he could ever think about from his parents and he loves them a lot.
these are reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime.
when i was returning from my school, i saw two boys quarreling for a ball.
we cannot save our kids their whole life, so over time we have got to let them grow up.
one example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups people can join.
i think society is too much time in computers.
censorship in school libraries is important, but at the same time it is not necessary.
on the computer, there are many settings.
i found myself obsessed with it.
some of the things that be hard for cyclist are the rough roads.
people now a days do not spend anytime with family and people use computers to interact with friends.
but why do you ask,?
these type of stories are important for our culture to prevent any misconceptions we have or try to prevent them from a young age by shocking the reader.
they spend to much time on and , and not enough time outside enjoying nature and playing sports or exercising.
a production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them.
so now hes riding and angry that he took their tips.
the , a book written by , revealed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry.
dear , you think that computers have a bad effect on people?
all types of genres of all types of entertainment can be found in libraries.
we have to stop this devastating pandemic!
it has come to my notice that this exactly what our library has just thought about doing to any books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
he is not very rich.
it depends on the level of intelligence, maturity, and age of the people who have access to these materials.
also, you could get fat and that is bad for your heart.
the author creates a grateful mood.
a day where there are no books in the school library.
this is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials.
people love movies.
dear local newspaper, do you keep in touch and do computers effect your job?
here the innocence of childhood, the congregation of family and friends, and endless celebrations that encompassed both, form the backdrop to life in a warm home.
the staff of the post office works day in and day out.
many think that computers are not bad to have, but the good over shadows those aspects.
is a waist of breath think again because it helps you to communicate with your friends.
no book should be taken off a shelf for its content.
if they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place.
voting is used in our society today and has been very effective for many years now.
people choose whether or not to believe certain things for themselves, and with those come their personal opinions.
same type of censorship that video stores have is a perfect way to place censorship in a library.
learn things on the computer, but only virtually.
it all right there, together.
about of the kids at our school wear glasses because of using the computer for to long.
the black and white ' ' sticker.
if the author would have been on a population trait with water fountain and shade, he would have been fine.
computers can also improve your hand eye coordination when you type.
the city had no idea that this was going to happen, they were clueless to the war that was going on around them everyday!
people in , think the same.
we can limit our use to two or three times a week, and only use it for important reasons.
the views on censorship in libraries definitely varies from person to person.
back then i had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio.
what would we do without them.
remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie room.
some people were standing all around.
of course, there are few other causes that lead to ill health.
in other words, she is very happy in life now and has changed from this experience she has gone through.
my last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer.
lastly this gave me the mood of love.
also people have the right to go get whatever book, or movie they want.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
this would make a parent cautious of where their child goes.
i have heard that spending time with family would bring your grades up in school because as you talk to them, you learn new things.
the setting plays a large role in the story.
i remember the time my cousin came over and we went to the park.
when children go to a library usually they will not do so alone.
i spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project.
i think is a positive effect on people.
please heed the following advice.
the elephant saluted the people with its trunk.
he escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party.
he was running out of water so he got desperate for some.
families speak with each other through .
these books i agree should be taken off the shelves since they might promote people to turn on certain races.
as the day grew on the sun was beginning to beat down he was beginning to drink lots of water but he was still confident and strong.
using this technology can help you reconnect with friends and family members.
, computers are making a great impact!
this presents a mood of happiness.
having these documents in a public library could interest small children in reading things that are inappropriate for them.
my uncle is one of those people.
next he noticed the changes in the terrain.
secondly, nature is a marvelous thing.
there are men and men and every stone is not a gem.
the cyclist thought it was hard.
this is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it not be to another person.
every sentence, he thanks a specific person for bringing such greatness to his life.
secondly, computers allow people to gain knowledge in a matter of minutes on topic the sun.
in the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think.
although there could be a way to compromise.
students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals.
i have use some examples and common sense to show you my point of view on what i think is right or wrong in this situation.
google, yahoo, and .
i believe censorship should be used in libraries to a certain extent.
to the grandmother, is offensive.
they would start reading, and soon read something that is completely offensive.
from here, the material can only get more offensive, more disturbing, and leave a bigger effect on the minds of people.
what do you think; i think so ?
dear local newspaper, computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect generations even more.
so in the other words the computer is useful for students.
also offensive materials have made an impact in society for ages.
no one can make some one watch or listen to something that offends them.
children are getting bad ideas from books, movies, magazines, and music.
and you can send pictures or videos to people in order to keep in touch.
part of the reason is because they rather use their free time on the computer instead of picking up a book.
i say stay at name and love your internet!!
a bad part about the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people then you can be in trouble.
now what about the beautiful things in nature of us are missing?
this way very easy considering i typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate.
also with censorship, citizens are neglected of their right to watch and listen to what they choose to.
we go through all the trouble of turning on and opening pages just to chat online.
interacting with family and friends.
for instance, say you wanted to talk to a friend in , all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them.
to the press.
plus, many things that are offensive often remind of of who we are.
this movie was a total disgrace to this library it had nudity, foul language, and lots of violence.
computers keep children inside all day.
from the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down.
computers and the were a technological break through.
dear , glad to see that you have a debate if computers are good or bad for human society.
so as i conclude my letter to you, the north courier, i shall restate that i do support technology because they do have positive effects on people.
one the most important reasons why people need computers is because computers can help you learn about and research other things going on in the world.
everything you read in a book is because the author wanted you to read it, not to just put it to fill in or to be nasty.
secondly, computers supply you with information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc.
if the is left without certain materials there will be no creativity.
imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day.
she made me sit in the second row.
would exercise everyday after work for two hours.
no, but i understand where others could find it offensive.
her mom seems to be bothered by every action or choice of her daughters.
i know i would feel bad.
plus computers help people make money.
in the essay, the cyclist is affected greatly by the setting.
i will explain these reasons below but before i begin i would like to add that most people want to censor things that they fear.
the creates a mood of happiness in the .
you can as almost every question and a computer will have it.
also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer.
also he was given wrong
first, they can help you learn about new subjects.
movies now a days have come along way.
online you can learn about the history of specific places.
the school teacher, the monk and the native doctor in a
first of all, computers help us stay in contact with the other countries around the world.
without the freedom of press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown.
regardless of the language this book used, it shows a part of history.
we also eat cereals in the form of popcorn.
lastly, computers have had negative effect on society because of money.
i understand the computers lots of fun.
computers have everything, any info you need get it off of the computer.
for example, in political cartoon inside of newspapers, is sometimes compared with a .
thirdly, they can learn about distant places.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very happy and appreciative of what he once had.
my class teacher is very nice and polite.
do you really want a world like that?
i have many friends living in , and many cousins in , , over.
there you go, there are endless possibilities with computers.
having a more positive day and going out and saying i read wonderful book that taught me something new in life would be the best thing to hear.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that every time he talks about his new home his mood changes.
censoring books at a library is pointless, you take away options, and the experience to learn from certain books.
i believe that this should still happen.
i hope you take my thoughts into consideration.
finally is the structure first there was the ghost town with the battery acid tasting water.
for example: : want to go ride bikes?
if a high majority of people want a particular material banned, then it is hard to ignore them.
the cyclist was affected by the settings in a bad way but in the end was given a little help from a traditional map.
exercising and enjoying the outdoors is also a good time consuming activity to do.
they would do kind things for them.
this creates a tone of hope for happy times in the future.
you continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming.
just being inside just make you kinda gang weight.
there was no sign of hope.
the material could have or show some much needed information.
i do not like showy and multi-colored clothes.
one example from the book would be when they kill some of the children.
most people like the songs because it says to do bad things, they just want to be heard, or want attention.
i mean, computers help people learn how to use there eyes and hands t the same time.
you are the visitor, click here to get your prize!
reading a book is not worth going to jail for.
without this right no one would be able to express their views.
first of all, computers help us a great deal with homework.
clearly people get mad and upset when reading, listening, or watching these materials, but this is what makes us who we are.
the of the that all people are granted freedom of speech and freedom of press.
in the long run of things the more people try to stop things from not being in this world the more people are going to try to get them.
movies are a whole different thing now the things that happen on the movies get away with it mostly because they have money to get away with.
the author lived in a neighborhood of immigrants that were friendly and always helped each other out.
also some people have bad hand writing.
this remind him that hes not in a car, and that hes not even going half the speed limit.
i have written in response to the letter sent to me on the topic of electronics.
people can get pretty crazy on what they do and how they do it.
give people the choice.
in conclusion, people might say that taking out book is better than keeping them.
on the bike ride he had a glimmer of hope at an old water pump but quickly disappointed when the hot liquid tasted of battery acid.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
computers help us communicate in many ways.
religious beliefs, it or not be disrespectful.
should not be removed from certain library shelves because people have enough sense on what they are interested in and what they are not interested in.
lastly you can even look up people on the internet.
for example, in , they sit on the floor they eat.
nothing should be banned from a library, music store, or any other place that sells these materials.
overall the story had a happy mood to it showing love, kindness, and what a family should be like
each book out there has an explanation, a title and a reason to be read.
books are here to enlighten people and let them experience something they never would have been able to on their own.
the internet also opens up the doors to video games.
my mother and i worked out a compromise that i could read novels that she approved of.
it is a very useful department for the public.
would you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window?
they narrated the story of their home.
i look at it as a way of art expression that shows how people think and respond to things
as you can tell, , without computers out hand eye coordination.
it has a long neck and a tiny head.
so many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me.
computers do teach you more things, but they also have games.
this is what i think about some of those books on the selves and what i think should happen.
books in libraries are wrote for multiple kinds of people.
why take that magic away from children
the rolling hills where he had to pedal up and down and the desert with no water in sight just dry land.
the real question is what are we limiting?
not every family can work well with everyone else.
this is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office.
it is clearly evident that the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is a bad idea as a whole.
anyone can use the library, and it is a valuable resource to many people.
there are many hills and the terrain changes a few times.
my last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family.
the mother decides to plant the hibiscus in the garden to make her daughter happy.
for example, i was going on a band trip with all the other band students, and on the way there we put on a movie.
to whom it concern; i am writing this to let you know how i feel about the effects computers have on people.
another feature of the setting that affects him is the people that gave him directions.
some of you think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong!
many features of the setting affected the cyclist.
today, we all have a very large variety of books to choose from when we enter a library.
offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content.
this is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends.
this angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the affected and shaped us into who we are today.
to sum it up computers help with hand eye coordination.
if you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town.
they poll the customers and see what they think, they do nothing at all, or they remove the item to keep the person happy.
also, they taught him to be selfless.
that is why the author concludes with that.
our media is very powerful and should not be censored.
computers give you access to talking with your friends.
this music is able to be accessed on many computers, especially in public, town libraries.
the new trend in schools all around the globe is the addition of computers or a computer lab.
people have the freedom of speech to say whatever they want to say, whether that be in written form or verbally said.
when a young child walks into a library, they would expect to find a book with color, action, pictures, etc.
thank you for your time!
they are a key to growing, learning, and discovering.
if people stopped to think about it, they would realize that offensive material has already been bought by others.
they benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people.
it lets you right anything you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you wanted to.
with music, if there is a bad word, the word is just skipped over or bleeped out which makes the song sound strange.
she realizes success can only come from hard work and commitment, and that that is what makes a great, strong individual.
sometimes internet is not good for children.
would we still be today?
first, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place.
censorship in libraries?
yes i agree, every material has something in it that another person does not like.
the press is allowed to print anything, and we the people read it.
some people think that rap music is offensive and should be removed off the shelves.
the hills were hard to climb and there were dangers all around such as poisonous snakes.
this can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside.
you can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained.
we have no time to visit them.
also your bills will get higher.
a second reason why the author created does mood because in the place were the author lived there were many different people from different places.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
some pieces of work are just too offensive, and they need to be taken off the shelves.
it also help people like cops.
continuing on he reaches another building.
all in all, i think the conditions that the cyclist was in affected him.
i have tons of experiences of movies, books, music, and magazines that have offended me.
?, this winter hibiscus.
when i say this i mean like you have a computer connect with them on the computer.
i even use them to get better at math for the '!
when people are deciding when to get vacation, they go in the internet.
i think computers can help in life, but not to be on for like eight hours.
so what do you do?
she got a we also be able to see whats going on with the and different place.
parent want to let their children to learn much as possible.
movies tell what ages are okay to watch those movies.
right, computers bring people together whether its friends families or relatives from far countries.
befriends a black man, , and shares experiences with him along the .
why should you be offended?
from the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips.
play games with each other.
you just might make a new friend along the way.
this cause him to slow down a little bit.
i know that out of people love to travel, but you need plane tickets.
i agree that computers are having a positive impact on us.
she uses this plant as a tool for comfort to help her think about when she is from and all the good memories to help raise her spirits higher.
they go out and say raciest things.
the students in schools today are the future leaders of the world.
did you know that of students rather use the internet book then taking the actual one home.
another reason why i think children should have the right to the computer is because of the information they learn and discover.
in the it grants freedom of expression.
but when i wait for it to load i get bored and go on online game website.
some beggars are disabled.
is life filtered and censored?
second, everything will be threw computers in a couple years.
this has become a problem.
as you can see, there are many ways to describe the mood of the memoir.
computers can also cause problems like spending to much time on it and not getting enough sleep for school.
the uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack.
email messages send instantly to anywhere.
this is the mood created by the author in the memoir.
oh sure, says sue sarcastically.
he creates a mood of bliss through his loving and grateful tone.
when the geese come back in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, i will take that test again.
technology has been growing and changing rapidly.
the cyclist uses all of his energy to get to unknown towns of no importance, and with no water.
even though the author started this journey out nice it did not take long for thing to change against him.
and will forever be an on growing matter in problems around the .
computers are very great to have around.
in them taking down a book because you were offended, offends me.
this quote shows that not only was he faced with the heat, but also with lack of water.
books are very important to our society.
the computer helps by reading it aloud to mom.
some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more.
dear i think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology.
there is nothing hard about biking in a flat straight line.
a final reason that libraries should be left uncensored is the difference of opinions.
where ever you look you can find a computer.
yes i know they might take exercise time away, or hurt your eyes but who cares just make up a time limit so you have time to exercise.
they are so ugly and gross that some people cant stand it.
there are many forms of entertainment in the world today.
being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes.
some materials found in libraries that be offensive to one person not be offensive to others.
there can be a lot to learn too.
all in all, we have to be fair.
but would you ever think that it would be taken off of shelves because of one word that was used in it?
on the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to.
i do not think it would be fair for just one person to be able to have the right to do that.
when i was in middle school i always liked to read and books.
the are thousands of games to chose from.
the first reason why i believe this, is because one a lot of schools will need them for students, to do projects.
meaning there was no water any where to be seen in miles.
at first she gets nervous and scared, so scared she tears the leaf off and shreds it to pieces.
when we go to for a vacation, i help my grandmother to water the plants.
i use it to do homework.
when i was in the eighth grade i went to for a church missions trip.
families have been always close to each other.
they have a right to create what makes them happy.
he easily passes the snake and moves on.
students also use computers to look up information.
would also help them decide if they even want to read .
while he is experiencing these things he feels like he is going to die and feels like giving up.
chatting online is also a terrible thing if you abuse .
however, some do not find books like that on library shelves offensive.
some people loves books, and will open any book just to read or look at the pictures.
books that deal with slavery also be found offensive like the book .
having a section in the library from which only adults can rent the items, would remove this problem.
that excites me.
dear , people use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world.
to wrap it all up, computers save us money everyday.
it caused him to sweat and almost die of dehydration.
the creation of that art form as writing would be nothing less then lonesome trash floating the winding streets if were censored.
one evening when he was resting he got into a deep conversation with a couple of elders.
you are allowed to express your opinion about it but taking it away cause you not like it is wrong to do.
he makes everything sound really nice with every one crowded in the dinning room to eat.
think about it, would it be cool to visit a great place, like .
censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research.
i was going to die and the birds were going to pick me clean.
this is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people.
then you have magazines.
as he continues forward, he notices that there are no buildings, cars, or people of any kind.
dear newspaper , have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society?
here are some good reasons on why computers help people out with problems.
to the , this day in age, computer technology rules the world.
they go out and do it.
going to college online is so easy.
well now many things can be ordered offline.
we went to the office of the principal.
computers let you talk to family and friends around the world.
through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it.
censorship is a touchy subject in our society today.
hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers.
computers are used by billions and they a great way to learn stuff about are whole world and the things that are on it.
another one is how her parent cared about others so they help family and friends into they got back on their feet and how she does the same.
i believe there should be some censorship to some extent.
any child or young adult could go into the movie section and get any type of movie even if it is rated restricted.
then we saw rhinos and giraffes.
finally, is one of the most obese places in the whole world.
with a computer, you can find out all of that information.
this could be about any subject matter, however.
when something happens overseas the first way we found out about it is a computer.
the same difficulty in the road.
math game science game different games you what.
we can learn something from any thing we read.
also, they should check the ratings on movies or make them not available to certain age group.
you think that it is okay to let your child watch a movie rated , but little did you know, there is nudity in it.
if a reader chooses to read a book that was marked with offensive content, they would have no right to get upset.
many people find this offensive.
but the big reason is grateful is her family.
his books contain subject matter and offensive crude language that would obviously not be deemed acceptable for most younger people.
computers allow you to connect with people who live faraway without having to travel to them.
not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too!
though the materials found in a story be horrific to a parent, it be a preferred form of literature for a different group of people.
after the leap is taken, even ten looks may not be sufficient.
colour has been an inseparable part of man’s existence from times immemorial.
something that someone might find offensive might be interesting to someone else or they might have to do an report or project on it.
typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time.
would you censor the ?
also you need save your reports for your school or work.
another student, , is working on the same essay.
are you going to go to the computer and save a bunch of time?
we can only learn from their mistakes.
if children end up listening to the offensive music, or watching offensive movies then think about like this, they need to grow up someday.
why cant the world be more open?
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
the computer teaches us how to type, and search on the web and learn about it.
going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all.
i believe that all types of books should be available to all types of people.
the camel he was in was affecting his brain, and he just wanted to get it over with.
but then i do see it the other way to.
take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books.
therefore they use the language and words of the time period they write about.
the author concludes the story like this because it shows how the main character has been effected by the events or happenings in the story.
why should the views of some hinder all others?
you can even fill out a job application right then and there.
computers, a very much talked about subject.
after thinking about that book he decided to be brave and call his parents.
another example of this harsh setting is when the water in his bottle feels degrees.
they make us happy, made us smarter, and make us a better society for it.
also i do not care about any noises that go on in the library.
computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are.
this must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer.
libraries can have an affect on your everyday life because of how calming and soothing it can be.
a major fear among the parents is the inappropriate language or scenes that be described in books.
as you can see, computers have many positive effect on people.
completely taking books out of the library because they are offensive is not a good thing.
well on the computer you can!
some people make some ornaments and fancy
she researched it and got how to the mark go away.
if they would only have one type of book, not many people would want go the the .
i think of how the artist feels.
this poses a problem because it is very dry and hot.
people can also learn new things.
i ended up doing all their work.
music is another big thing that is becoming more and more out of control with offensive subjects.
not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people.
by taking the books off the shelves, i believe that that would be repressing their as .
it creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things.
although many people think that a certain book is appropriate, others disagree.
when students go on the computer they can chat with friends.
ramzan is a big religious festival.
some are impatient and look at their watches at every other second, other are worried and fret.
so what you choose pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer.
computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge.
at times of war, they are the first ones to come forward and fight for the country.
i disagree with them on this and these are the reasons why.
lastly, computers are doing more then good to everyone and they are becoming more and more unhealthy.
its color is white.
imagine walking into a library where the shelves are empty.
and while certain groups advocate to protect the children of from these offensive works; the children will still find a way to access them
children can play with there friends all around the world now without leaving there bedroom.
also, many people have important information on a computer.
a lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier.
he also runs out of water, which nearly dooms him.
they have every right to protect their child from dangers in the world, but to keep them from learning the art of literature.
if you find any material offensive then maybe you should think in your head of ways to make an argument to prove the authors that they are wrong.
computers teach us about interesting things like faraway places and people.
and computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people.
he was going through the desert so it was like degrees.
censorship is just bad in general, people should have the right to make their own decisions on what they want to read or watch.
do homework & projects, and store important files.
the should put this to use.
secondly, the internet can be used as a widespread communication tool.
anyone can have a beautiful heart and that will shine through more than anything else.
they depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve.
i think that things that are bad should be removed from the selves and placed some where else.
the books are trusted and filled with information.
if you want, you can also get a web cam.
what are some of your feelings about computers.
i am sending this letter to you about my views on censorship in libraries.
spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are dangerous to young teens.
since then he was adopted by his foster – mother mahaprajapathi gothami.
this made the cyclist feel like his journey was hopeless.
dehydration also can be fatal.
the computer has allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person.
show that your watching on the computer, to even spend time with loved ones.
at that age, children are far too young for any form of adult humor or magazine article.
the kids might think they are good books to read, i think other wise.
in my opinion computers are very beneficial.
in addition, my third reason i would like you to read is enjoying nature.
in the story she says then i will take the test again.
computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose.
these are my three reasons why i think computers have a good effect on people.
a social life is very important to a grater.
computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world.
overall i think that computers make the world go round.
you ever want to communicate with your friends all day long without wasting minutes?
they can get on the computer and check it out, right?
books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published.
this was great, and i though about how many people could use this to talk to relatives or friends.
dear, newspaper i would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would fall apart.
all big and small companies depend upon these agencies to catch the market for their products.
in conclusion these moods are the examples of the memoir.
the flower was very important to her.
to start, people that use computers too much.
kids might even meet with some of the strangers they talked to online and get hurt!
it ruins their social lives, and other bad things.
they still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies.
, computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot people use them more.
how would you do it?
in past years, censorship in libraries has been the focus of many news reports.
an age restriction of thirteen years and up would be a responsible decision.
because this program we are able to stay in touch.
so when she takes her test in the spring she will feel better and more comfortable while she is remembering her old life in a new place.
his main opponent in the battle of staying alive was the heat.
if i were an expert i would have nothing to worry about concerning computers.
libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems or is offensive to the community.
during the holidays, students are free from the burden of books.
the mood of the memoir is shown in many ways.
one instance of this: media censorship.
people have feelings, if there going be hurt by something we should enjoy then take them off the shelves.
computers are also very good for learning about other cultures and traditions.
final reason is because the interact influences violence.
dear , advances in technology and computers is a bad thing.
could use it for related .
events that help us get a better grasp and keen look at what has happened in the past.
so he had no energy because of dehydration.
almost every sport needs hand eye coordination and computers help you get it.
is right, we can also be aware of the environment.
first off, no one is the same, what might be bad to someone else can be good to another person.
some be fond of other genres and some dislike the other genres.
kids can just get on the internet and get that just as easy and most kids are doing it in ways that could get them in trouble.
after an hour’s effort, they were finally able to control the fire.
they also make it easier and more fun to make new friends.
always stick in your gut.
there are many educational things on the computer that can help you out in life.
during this bikers adventure heat and lack of water affect him.
just because you have the option of checking out something you do not think is appropriate or is offensive, does not mean you have to check it out.
many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show.
we can see what happens on the other side of the world.
is this helping us?
no literature should be censored, not even the most radical, magical, or fictional.
being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go.
dear local newspaper, the question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society.
who know if the person talking to you is really the person you think.
if there is a fresh water stream you can stop and wash all the sweat off of you and get a drink.
i believe that no one should decide for us
so now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach.
computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard.
lastly, allows socializing.
was returning the book that had just read and checking out the new one had already picked out.
i do not think so.
the setting of this short story has a big affect on the cyclist.
you know that and the people who make computer sites know that.
hope to talk to you soon.
the mood was magnificent in this story.
even if there was a set limit on what qualifies as able to be banned people would still complain until what they want happens.
my last solution is to have signed permission for anyone underage.
there are tons of great books or movies that could be found offensive and to take them off the shelf would make them less known.
that is my solution.
the internet can be a very good source for students.
they might not want their kids to read it but their kids will still hear the same things somewhere else also.
what is it?
i would try to make them good citizens.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to emphasize her new found determination to overcome her obstacles.
also there are sites to teach little kids how to read or write.
computers can also entertain you.
but with computers, they can talk to each other like they were still neighbors.
you can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country.
it is a part of history.
the boy thought that his parents were really great and he thought that he could never be like them.
everything i do on my computer involves either typing a paper or printing research.
he also talked about the good times he had with his parents in the kitchen.
first i will state why i think the books, or movies, or whatever should be taken off the shelf.
it was uncalled for to begin with.
you could work at a restaurant that has regular food or fast food service.
this concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today.
also the rough road made it difficult for the cyclist to travel it.
i also hope they people make the right vote.
you can also hook other gaming system up to your computer to play with other people and even yet hints and cheats too.
i think that is fine if you take them out.
this is why the books should be out in the open for all to see, but taken to a secluded section.
there are lots of books that are at libraries around the world.
asks four year old .
the internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures.
dividing those specific materials into their own section, and regulating who check them out is really the best way to go.
well instead of going through a book and possibly searching for hours, finding that information on the internet would be so much faster!
then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away or whatever you want to do with that book.
moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films.
he talks about the small little room house and explains how his parents made it home like.
an examples from the is.
just a normal family whose lives have been changed due to computers.
i think the author chose to end the story the way he did because it shows determination to pass the test.
so as the plant blooms, so does her comfort level.
also, the mood has gratefulness.
i love mommy.
taking them away would only take away from the number of people who visit the library.
for all of these reasons, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
responsible towns people are.
every person that goes to a library should have the right to educate themselves on others' religions.
so you sign into , and talk with your best friend.
i read that book when i was .
another reason computers not benefit society is because of the dangers of them.
yes a friend a live and breathing human being, losing some weight will help you gain confidence if you just try.
this shows that it is quite hot outside by the month stated.
the setting affects the cyclist because it is in a warm dry climate, causing him to sweat profusely, and requiring like to drink more water.
i am going to tell you how they are wrong.
this program lets students view the interesting way world cultures in videos!
the hot, dry, and baron setting affect the cyclist greatly.
with computers, anyone that is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else.
finally the ghost towns.
then he came upon rolling hills and rough .
the computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us.
however, there is a definite line that reaches over to offensiveness that can easily be crossed by authors across the globe.
dear , computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives.
than parents all you got to do is take those songs away.
i think that my mom protected me from what could have been bad.
it is called tools.
the ways physically is the setting is hot and rough and the cyclist would have lack of water and food supplies.
many of the books i choose are relatable to reality, which often involves content that be considered explicit.
you have the choice not to read them or to read them.
it was a place from where we could see the entire valley.
another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational.
on the internet you can learn about anything and everything.
computers help educate people, too.
society computers to get information.
it is our moral duty to help to the weak, the hungry and the suffering people.
you can also make graphs on the computer.
at night he sleeps in the stable with other horses.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
but now they use there computer many things can go wrong.
there are many ways we can arrange the library by sections so that certain books or topics are in one area, and others are in another area.
computers also allow people to talk online with other people.
i recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to .
we should earn through our efforts.
music you love be offensive to me.
computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer, and it effects how you do in school.
taking them off our shelves will only make us a nicer community, yea i know what your thinking, why not do that?
it was loving, caring, and also cheerful.
it gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so i believe computers are a great thing to have.
further more many people play games on the computer some are single player and some are online and have millions of players on at a time.
over all reading books makes you smarter.
there are some libraries that will let a child get a magazine or book, and let the child check the book or magazine out.
censorship can be good or bad, it really depends on how you look at things.
some are small and some are big.
kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family.
it is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also!
everyone has that right so i do not think that companies have the right to take that away from them.
lastly he is grateful to have grown up in a really good home.
so keeping these types of books help other people who are readers.
even just typing is interesting for younger kids.
it was invented by a scientist, jhon logie baird.
you can print pictures and find information.
then another and another, we have no books in our libraries or stores.
computers are also important and helpful in the home.
libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music not you.
the determination pushes him to keep going further and further.
to begin with, why are books, music, movies, and magazines produced for?
to me censorship laws in libraries are not needed.
what books will be left?
the magazines should never be checked out.
therefore, i believe by removing everything that is offensive to anyone, we would not have a media.
computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much.
computers are needed, and without them, our lives would be extremely miserable.
this shows kids are better off typing papers, and assignments.
they do a great deal to help make our lives easier.
it is easy for the children to look at books for them and for adults to do the same.
people can even order groceries to new house if they are busy!
all of these facts to one final solution, which is keeping computers in our society.
as you can see from these examples, the memoir had a very thankful and gracious mood to it.
also, the road became very rough.
i believe that books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else should not be removed if they are found offensive to anybody.
there can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap.
yes we do, so we should do the same thing with books
even though some of these books still lay on the shelves of the schools.
it is crowded with
libraries should put the movies in the adult section of the library.
if getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well.
i am not saying all magazines and movies are bad to our mind because they can also be helpful.
i think that computers help society learn and helps people to talks to others around the world.
just watch all children around magazines, movies, and music.
in spring they will return to start over raise goslings, rebuild their home, start over from last spring.
once the removing of books start there will be hardly any left.
also because they had to leave their lives back at home and start all over again.
i do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf.
i agree with and say that computers are good use in society today.
free from temptation and independent human beings.
in my opinion computers have a positive affect on people.
since we live in such a diverse community of religions, these pieces will never satisfy the audience.
the world today in the is hardly free.
that decision, however, is up to the parents.
a man falling ill, may be cured by ordinary medicines, if given in time.
those are two examples of how the mood is loving.
students, can now type out all assignments, some schools even give laptops to students to use throughout the year.
that is just a few out of the hundreds of different things there is to do.
for exam pull has news about what is going on in the world.
libraries should not have to take books off the shelf just because someone found it offensive or did not like it.
my letter to you was to show you on my opinion on what i think should be in a library or not.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
part of the mood was happiness.
so, cooks in a kitchen, if too many, spoil the dish.
some music be offensive to other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library?
one of the many things a computer can help you with is keeping in touch with family members of friends that live far away.
so computers are a good thing and a bad thing.
i am discussing.
do we want our society to be badly influenced by a bunch of profanity, violent slogans, or jargon?
we stayed in a hotel which was within a walking distance from the sea.
in , he says how his parents left everything they loved to give the author a better life in .
like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything.
last of all, members of the library would have the same right as the librarians.
without a doubt people should still use computers are helpful in many ways.
i love to play with my dolls, listen to music and read fairy tales.
i know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone.
dear newspaper, do you feel about computers?
another reason for censorship is that it can be an escape for some people.
in against it and ill you why.
with computers you store all and files neatly.
eventually you will get hooked and play on the computer rather than go outside and have fun with your friends.
it is because there are people who do like it and do not have a problem at all and like me is not bothered by it what so ever.
books, music, movies, and magazines be offensive to someone but not everyone.
those was some affects the cyclist had to over come
like i said before, one person might not like the book or other source but another person might like it.
when we read, we find books that are to our own enjoyment, we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our heads.
my friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too.
the home lived in had many happy memories, and instilled that family and friends were important no matter what.
but i believe that they should not have to take books, music, magazines, etc.
however, these books, who many find offensive, could also be beneficial to its readers.
they want to know what is really happening across seas or even around home.
some people are with technology that they almost get addicted to it and use it every chance they get.
now i regret not getting together with her to hang out.
if there had been building he could have stopped and asked for more water and rested.
of course, it is not my viewpoint that governments should simply let terrorists and radicals spread their ideals as they please.
so parents be the boss about that stuff.
as for the music, we would just stomp our feet and clap our hands to make music.
to be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you.
they will they fall into a depression.
my concern for public media display pertains to the concern of the impact on human lives.
people do not want to exercise if they have a computer to go on.
in the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer.
try to memorize the schedule.
with the ability to talk with another for work would make us a lighter nation.
he figured that one would not hurt.
there are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful.
which can cause people to loose time and friends.
newspaper, i feel that the use of computers is no big deal.
without knowing how to type you not get any top class jobs.
do not censor what libraries put out such as books, music, movies, and magazines
unfortunately, friend was , and he had a hard time not being offended by the assignment.
but i have to leave my bed.
even a child interactions chatting with friends on or , anything could be said.
it would be one without direction, where people are left to wonder but never to express or discuss.
gives bullies a chance to make their prey depressed into a point where they consider suicide.
all of the things that a computer can do are great.
punctuality is a necessary habit in all public affairs.
without computers to video chat with grandma, i have no communication with her they one or two times a year.
so many essential resources are on computers.
the sign is all bright and flashy, so you stop to read it.
i can think of several books that, i would not want a child of mine to pick up and read.
my second reason is that people go to inappropriate sites and watch inappropriate videos.
paragraph two, had used parentheses several times within the text.
also, the story says.
i can assume that everyone agrees with me that computers are an important part everyday life.
especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax.
my mom and her sister are sending emails to each other all the time.
its a library, they are going to have a bunch of material.
computers made that event possible.
most libraries are open to the public.
there are little kids that will want to look at anything they can get their hands on.
the long wooden benches on the platform are always full of
take it away.
you know why?
the mood of this story was a happy and a reflective one.
first of these is the blazing heat.
i think not, for it would be a futile endeavor to even attempt.
so by taking those books off the shelf those people would not have any way of researching those materials and therefore they would get upset and complain.
when you do get though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well.
the water, bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips, water is a big importance.
they include things now that show a lot of violence and intimacy; which not be fit for some people.
most people found at that it was not the person they thought they were.
libraries censor certain books if they believe them to be inappropriate for young children.
another book, song or music that should be taken off the shelf should be ones that have violence.
a movie being so outrageously graphic or violent is a fine example (although the same thing can happen in books, just with words instead of pictures).
my opinion is that, i think that people spend a lot of time for good reasons.
without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework everyday right?
i believe computers are a benefit to society.
libraries need to be kid friendly places, so that all the ages can enjoy what it has to offer.
magazines are not really a problem.
have you ever gone to a library and the magazine you were looking for was behind everything else on the top shelf?
(par ) this gives the memoir an inviting mood, the author always had friends and neighbors over for dinner.
this book demonstrates the harsh prejudice that used to be normal in the during the earlier years of the .
he is very intelligent.
now i told you all the reasons why i think using a computer is good.
the hibiscus also symbolizes the power to get through struggling (stay strong).
then i will take the test again.
the big question is what will you choose!
one man stood in front of a tank, resisting to move, showing courage and wanting a democracy.
people should be able to read what they enjoy and not be ridiculed for it.
once, my class was assigned to do a book project.
for example, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
they allow people to communicate with friends and family.
people are also in busy with there computers that they spend less and less time enjoying nature.
being very reliant on your computer is not always good for you.
letters can take weeks and can even get lost while email sends it to them instantly.
as you can see computer benefit society helps peoples hand eye coordination.
secondly, computers can make you go blind because the screen of the computer is too close.
and car are ran off of computers.
a computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones.
a friend of mine once said to me, that there were three ways we could absorb things that we find undesirable.
before he knew it, he was in debt.
public libraries are a great help for the community.
it is a free world.
therefore, i strongly believe that computers are great for people and do benefit the society.
computers also have the best search engines.
the project was a breeze, and i got a perfect score.
the reason why i chose those things is because you can look those things up on.
to begin with, i wanted to talk about the complaints that friends have told me.
should books that are offensive be removed from library shelves?
all these thing can be reversed.
soon the fire brigade arrived.
it has a very grand and imposing building.
i believe that books that are found offensive should not be censored.
in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
my third reason is that it help adult connect to different places at the world.
the computer is necessary for our society today.
my first reason is you can find stuff online.
we can avoid road accidents if we obey traffic rules.
through the knowledge of this hunger, i was able to start a fundraiser at my church.
the more hills, the more energy lost, the more tired he became.
in my point of view, i strongly agree that there is no right to argue about what should or should not be removed in the libraries.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that is the way it always has been and more than likely, the way it will always be
the greatest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom allowed in the .
another survey done by the magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one.
no at the level and yes at the level.
in addition, the cyclist had to decide which way to take when there was a fork in the road.
these problems are slowly spreading and we must come together to abolish them!
mail can so my where with enough, yes, but is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far.
who want to go through the trouble of loaning books from the library, when the internet is there for your use any time?
we barely understand what some of the books, music, movies, and magazines are talking about so just try to picture all that being taken away.
dear editor, i think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive.
computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes.
but, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers.
this helps because first it makes their, it also can be changed quicker and easier.
it gives capability to do more than you can imagine.
the ending quote was said to bring hope and like to her and she sort of promises to herself that it will get better.
because, more than likely there will be a better way.
by looking it up on the computer, you can become an expert on the country!
i have and i think that it is a wonderful resource.
some were discussing politics.
my first reason is they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
i professionals say that of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a few ways.
i friends, everyone has friends either new friends or old friends.
sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see the things we as people but in books and movies
we all enjoy it, but have different versions that we enjoy.
most books and movies are filled with sex,gang violence, and drugs.
the readers are the ones that are claiming that the books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive.
in my opinion, i it is great that computers are incorporated in so many places.
censoring hide that for a small amount of time but its not going to keep it away forever.
technology has become so advanced, there are new cures for for different diseases.
therefore, censorship of literature should not be enforced.
so plants and trees help to generate fresh air.
some students go to the school canteen.
is a new thing that has recently hit the .
also, of all computer users snack while online, which only increases weight gain even more.
the cyclist should have never taken the advice from the older men.
adults and children are becoming smarter each day.
so, setting can break a cyclist.
people many years ago used to read books on scrolls, or even in pictures to tell stories.
learn about plant and the effect they have on life.
i use the computer to talk to them basically have.
in conclusion, that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
people sit on there butt all day.
in conclusion, computers will be something that will help us for a long time and it benefits us.
first since he was in a desert, the heat of the desert greatly dehydrated him on his journey to the parts.
all magazines can be offensive to people just by looking at the cover and who the cover person is.
it will be judged in many ways no matter what anyone has to say, so the problem should just be left alone.
libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone.
people slowly remove themselves from reality and enter an alternate world of cyberspace.
the cyclist is definitely affected by the change in terrain.
there are also websites that find you direction, to where you need to go.
should we censor the materials in libraries?
if they do not like the music, novels, movies, etc.
recently she has been getting off the computer and making more time with family and friends.
but because of the advances in technology, running a business can become much easier and not as much time is wasted.
seeing this sign most likely perpetuates his thirst and leaves him more exhausted and frustrated before.
in this generation, our species relies on cellphones, websites with recent dates, and the news.
computers can improve learning in a variety of ways.
i would not want my year old kid read a book with bad language in it.
if someone wants to read a biography or history about , they should be able to.
the mood created by the author is both and love.
computers have been the big difference when comparing to centuries.
this is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and keep you from the temptation of being on the computer.
but now you can find anything almost anywhere.
but when he finds the fishing camp, his entire perspective of things changes, and he just feels so thankful to have been saved.
sure enough he was!
so i logged on to the computer and it brought me to a million pages on their culture, language, and much more.
when camels are traveling in the desert, food is often very hard to find.
also, the sign advertising grape juice probably made him feel life was even crueler with its sadistic irony.
the water runs out and we are now it our conflict.
the temperature in the area affect the way he drinks his water which leads him to thinking he is going to die because he is running out of water.
it was a very heavy downpour.
computers can expand on many peoples opportunities for education.
one reason why you should think that computers are good is it has a positive effect on people!!
to her it is a symbol of strength and comfort.
this reminds me of last when i went to cousins house.
censoring on some things like, sex scenes in movies, or maybe vulgar language in music is alright in my opinion.
i though it was ridiculous because it was only a movie, and it was harmless.
use but you would need and it.
what if you want to talk to a friend?
censorship in libraries the library presents to the community many different things for entertainment.
when someone wants to know more information about any place or anything, they go to the library and check out a book.
the last thing that i am going to talk about is how i feel on censorship in libraries.
there are many different people in the world and they all have different opinions.
(words not )
some people use them to get online education.
libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend.
so whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online!
books found offensive to one person could have a completely different impact on the next reader; some even find the books relatable.
despite the pain or irritation this is a type of learning i would welcome in libraries.
if they did have one then you have you did it in minutes but how else could you contact them?
i think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful newspaper.
crank, , and is a trilogy of books that show the life of .
almost everywhere you go and everything to see and hear has some type of wrong background to it.
people are different like different things
instead of making a really big poster board for project, i made a power point instead that was so much easier.
for example in paragraph .
one more reason is communication.
in this next paragraph i will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
the author knows how she loves those things and that they would encourage her.
in that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist greatly in his determined ride.
the is unsafe and pointless.
i think the memoir is a very heartwarming story of a family that loves one another and his thankful that they have a place they can call home.
another one is the built of the road.
these is the mood and how it is shown.
please do not remove anything from the selves, because it will only do more damage
if a person was offended by a book they could take it off the shelve at his or her own will?
things should be put out on display and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories that are available.
her mother will be proud of her.
certain items have different forms to them.
now, you just need certain information, and in those sources there are an unnumbered amount of lessons to learn.
so he had to be really hot.
our doubts are our traitors’, said shakespeare.
i think they have a horrible effect on people.
there would be so many conflicts if this happened.
security, jobs, bills, school, contacting, games, everything.
at one point in the story, the author writes that he was trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
dear , computers are helpful once in a while but out of people believe that they are a waste of electricity.
strive to help them.
but then, the article is taken away because of one small comment in it.
in conclusion, i believe this material should not be taken off the shelves.
we all make a big deal over something so small.
which for children, education is largely what their childhood is for.
so i think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising.
and photos about the mountain .
i know i do that all the time.
if everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate, there not be anything left for people to read.
now we have computers we should use it.
he comes to a water pump that gives him battery acid.
her mom describes to her that the hibiscus she bought is a bit different from the one back home.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
so learn, experience, and express.
the mood of this memoir is happy and grateful.
by next spring shell be able to drive.
the was just think his dad was.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy setting.
we can learn about many cultures with it.
first, computers are a learning resource, and a way people stay updated with the world around them.
the cyclist was so desperate for water that he had to put pebbles into his mouth.
all right like i said first we will talk about what the lack of exercise because of always being on the computer.
in conclusion, people should learn to give some things a chance.
some relate to the story completely while others laugh at certain parts that they too remember about their parents.
also, computers are used for many things.
she found the plant to be very comforting and it helped her get passed the tough times.
i have relatives in that i only get to see once a year.
that is just apart of humans having their own opinions.
well think of that.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for several significant reasons.
ordering clothes, books, movies, tickets for trips and more all can be done online.
he was majorly dehydrated because he was out of water except nor a few tantalizing sips.
these computers can even improve your mood.
we cannot control everything that people do.
that example explains on how the wildlife might exceed to more dangerous creature.
if someone reads something and it offends them, they can go do something else.
do you want to be responsible for not doing anything to help?
do you really want to act that way to your family?
everyone is an individual and is different in their own way.
i bet there are many people that have that same issue.
they go on the , play games, and use it for work.
for instance, the cyclist says, and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
in almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative.
it is up to the kids not to read them.
the sun has a great influence on all living and
in conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today.
every day in the morning before school checks on the weather, on his computer to make sure it is safe to go school.
you have another virus.
these are things that are happening and parents need to open their eyes and see whats happening before its to late.
i can go on the computer and see what we had to do.
but it addicting to so have fun.
instead of online shopping, go shopping with your friends.
then just get a door that says and older and put cameras up.
i think the author put that in the story to show that she has not given up.
the doctor will always be needed.
after school, many teens and adults go rushing to the computers for all different reasons.
an ideal teacher himself practices whatever he preaches to his students.
those who complain are only making more work for themselves.
its just sun, sand, and him.
i would never watch or anything like but my friends who have watched have learned something.
when i overheard a little of their conversation i could the words he had trouble saying and he did not have a good vocabulary.
you can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people.
reading is a way of learning.
in this memoir author makes the mood happy.
books like that usually deal with bad things.
the driver of the red car seemed to have not lost faith either.
if your at home, and you need to study for a test, you can go online and study.
in my opinion can help so much and would be the right idea to go cheer out today.
the camels carry the people’s food, goods, water and other
they keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music.
not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers.
if everyone would throw away books that were offensive, there would be no books left.
unlike an advertisement that might accost us unawares, we must pick up a book and open it to receive its guidance.
if all books had to be appropriate for every age, it would take all the interesting out of everything.
rough roads did as well.
being off the computer feels better and is better.
now my friend is becoming the same person.
and, here are reasons why, people are spending less time exercising, people not enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
the average person goes on the ten times a just to get information.
he got back on his bike and stuck pebbles into mouth.
next, there are ways to avoid children reading inappropriate books besides taking the books off the shelves completely.
the features of the setting very much affect the cyclist.
he was getting tired quick.
the use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before.
to censor books and televisions would be like claiming nothing bad happens.
also, computer are not only letting people talk to their friend, but its causing bullying.
what difference did it make?
they are harmless and can be seen everywhere.
would argue that it was the greatest invention ever.
lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more.
you can play a game for hours and not notice how much time has passed by.
parents would have to explain things that are too mature for some young minds.
it gave us the directions and the estimated amount of time it would take to get there.
the camels from arabia have one hump.
book has a lot of bad words, sexual scenes, drugs, gang violence, racism.
computer junkies what are they?
for example, i was reading a book last about a girl who was doing a project on racism.
so i am here today to tell you all about them things.
you can download videos, print out photographs and charge and other electronics.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist sees many different settings when he left it was early summer and it was pretty hot outside.
that is the same with magazines, books, and anything available at a library.
she became very lazy.
' should be taken off the ' should be taken off the shelves?
you can make what that person stand for meaning nothing at all.
so why would they even try to bother getting away with being offensive to people.
these websites help keep in touch to, with family.
the solution to this problem is simply to not remove the books.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effect of computers are that, it depends on how much you use the computer.
they have tons of games for kids and for adults too.
this is why it should stop it hurting are environment people are becoming lazy.
there is a fix to this with internet.
it shows a sense of determination.
i believe that if they are offensive they should be taken of the shelves.
when she purchases it her mother is concern of the price but sees how home sick her daughter is and becomes understanding.
finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future.
now go and get a to.
memories of the past showed her the way and now she is going to retake her drivers test.
libraries are huge public places that share knowledge and entertainment to enormous groups of people who want to expand their knowledge.
but will all that said i agree with the benefits of computers is very well used.
some comedy and action movies are viewed as offensive or inappropriate to some people, but many others enjoy the movie.
the cyclist had to endure the pain of dehydration and determination.
also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it.
all students should have the right to spend time on the computer but also to save time to spend outside and with friends.
first the cyclist asks directions from a guy that never left his house in decades this creates, doubt.
situations happen like this all of the time.
then, as easily as rounding a bend my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
there are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see.
in the beginning she refers to her new home as, walking into another world.
almost all people who use the computer often say of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family.
i noticed the terrain changing, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
there have been a couple of times where i have walked in a library where i found a couple of books that was offensive towards me.
we are not accountable for what other people do.
censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library.
we also learn about their traditions, and culture.
why do they do this?
this an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn from, and you can have fun with the computer.
i know your probably thinking huh?
lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be.
yes, but you need to.
there are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do.
some people argue that these harmful materials are affecting how kids behave and act.
says , my grade teacher.
you probably used to do what little research you did them.
do you have out of state family you wish to talk to?
this can be a wonderful thing unless used in the wrong way.
there are vast features in the setting that affects the cyclist.
, enjoy nature live life the way it needs to.
it can also teach you about tons of other things.
with computers being so popular, people are less involved with nature.
sure there are things in book, music, etc.
books, movies, magazines, music, and most of all, life.
another was the setting affected the cyclist is at one point tumbleweeds were in his way.
computers have far more positive than negative effects.
fellow , i painfully state this fact.
i know for a fact us teens watch funny movies to make our rough day turn into a better day , well that is what i do at least.
all new ways to communicate with people.
so you will have to wait.
i cursed my fate!
i have never cycled for long periods of time and can hardly imagine being pushed to such a state of exhaustion.
i that if people want to use computer they can.
once you have mastered the computer it feels like you can do almost anything on it.
traveling with his water running out and beginning to feel sick did not go well with him.
my conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer.
and he looks at them.
first of all the weather was extremely hot and hot weather just makes you feel exhausted and like you cant do anything.
computers have become the glue to friendships.
the single force of staying over brought people together.
you can even get work for students at school so that way the can learn more and do different activities.
this is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations.
i think the computer is a great of learning.
firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood.
this line shows that the author was in a very hot place, being in a desert, but also that he has a low water supply.
the food of the ostrich is grass
the fact of the matter is, if good stuff is out there, then you can generally make the assumption that bad stuff is out there too.
the author is grateful and proud because her parents welcomed with open arms people of all types.
still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer.
i believe that if you have a , or , you have a chance to meet people from all over the world.
also you lost all your friends contacts.
this will lower the risk of offending a parent or guardian.
dear newspaper , , more and more people in our proud and courageous country of have been.
when the road starts to get bumpy and uneven, it causes him to exhaust his water supply even faster.
a child can simply go to another library, or even a store to find the same thing.
the towns the old people mentions are now ghost towns, and are no help to the author.
the use of repetition provides a reader with the knowledge that that word is very important.
once he passed a couple of troubling sights, because they were abandoned and no one was around, he began to worry.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge.
instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise.
which is why the author leaves off where she did
so why not help your body to get that talent: buy a computer.
in that book it describes kidnapping, and the rape of young girls.
you can keep in touch, you can learn, and you can have fun with computers.
the cyclist was traveling through a very dry area, where it was very hot, dry and dangerous.
i disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect.
she is entitled to them.
i have a bath and dress up for school.
so censorship, to me, is not going to make any difference.
in this case it was leaving friends, family, and work behind and moving to a totally different country.
are you trying to find facts for your science project?
your want to just so you the computer.
if a person thinks that a book is offensive then they should just walk away and find a different book.
computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends.
i asked my dad i could use the computer.
however when you look at the facts a computer can teach a lot.
people like action and adventures, others like laid back kind of stuff.
so who am i to tell another person what they can and can not do.
banning books in libraries needs to change.
poor directions heat, and lack of water affect the cyclist in the story.
the parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking.
this book has many valuable ideas and lessons, and is considered a great piece of literature.
libraries should have different stickers or labels on books for children and have a warning signs for their age.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to.
therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones.
it gives people a good education.
they teach people about history and faraway places.
some people would say that people spend too much time on computers.
computers are the best way to research a topic.
the setting in the story discouraged the biker very much.
most of the time, it was just about a group of people who love each other having a good time with each other.
so now lets see what you think.
so eventually the teacher had to change the report topic because not on student was able to find .
she will be ready to face the driving test with hope and support and because she adapted.
i am not one of those paranoid people that thinks the government is out to get them.
it has a long thin body and flower collecting nectar from them.
more and more people are being sucked into electronics and less people are caring about our planet.
no late fees and no waiting lists.
i think it would be more fair and satisfactory to take a vote on whether or not it is fair to keep or remove it.
as a result many people are not as healthy as they should be.
they can cause an addiction, and create numerous distractions.
this is social time lost.
no one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless i am a youth.
authors know what they are writing.
only then will they defend their countries so they can preserve freedom.
with computers, communication is a .
young boy has never been introduced to such racism.
i know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on.
first of all, people are on the computer way too much.
if i wanted to, i could find offense in everything that is in a library.
so people that disagree should act now so libraries can stay how they are now
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
i hope you agree with me on this.
the mood in this memoir can be described as anything happy.
also, another bad affect from the features of the setting the cyclist is facing is, the rough road ahead he had to face.
also, the could miss out on life changing exercises the kind of experiments that people , they would miss out on life as a whole.
i hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active.
when i was little i went to the mall with my grandmother.
he keeps stating over and over that he is so grateful of his parents and family members.
they would feel a life threatening offense and want it to be removed from the shelves.
students be dancing to their favorite song.
take out the offensive things, or just put them in different sections
by using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase.
remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time.
with the directions in mind he traveled on his way to his destination.
without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank.
when your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone.
also, you can have it in stuff such as you phone or in another technology related thing.
there are puzzle games that challenge you, action that are fun and take rapid button pressing, and adventure that let you explore new lands.
also, you will become cranky and want do what your parents tell you to do because your mind will be so into your computer screen.
secondly computers have away of people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and save it.
meaning, its really hot!
i think the future will be based everything on computers.
some people have little sense of knowledge not to do the things that the movies, or songs say to do.
computers supply an excellent source of communication that is even used throughout schools.
they get on an they stay on forever.
if you find it offensive simply do not read it or listen to it.
you take it as it is, being independent.
it could be helpful to you and others.
keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment.
people can not take materials off the shelves because it is only offensive to some.
or maybe a kid can read a book and can learn bad stuff.
in conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued and not taken away.
there are many reasons why offensive materials should be removed from the shelves in libraries, stores, and everywhere else.
libraries can not censor their materials!
if books would have to be remove from the library then everybody would start taking all the books out.
even after that were more problems.
books including racial slurs, sexual content, and offensive religious comments can accidentally be stumbled upon while searching for something else.
then when they get off the computer their eyes hurt and they cant see as well.
instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself.
if we continue to take books off of the shelves then eventually there will be nothing to read.
computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age.
i love drawing.
dear newspaper editor, i think we should have internet, or computers at our houses.
i remember walking threw the library in town and seeing a large quantity of books.
it can change the way that children think, or what they think would be cool to physically do.
as previously stated in the paragraph above, it makes no sense to rid a book just because one person finds it offensive.
you would also be learning about their culture.
this gives a loving and caring feeling.
the issue i will have you read , is how people will become even less caring of the environment.
its to help move the story to a conclusion.
i believe the author ended this story with this paragraph because life lives on.
is a very calm and happy short story.
my mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we .
some parents let their kids get away with too much.
to help improve this people need practice.
i have been to the library as a child and seen all the books there.
when we get hurt, he takes us to the school doctor.
the setting of this story greatly affected the cyclist.
he is the master of his subject.
it is simply a tough time, doing this job.
this way you can make arrangements.
but it also allows us to communicate with the people online.
i tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color.
just because a book have certain views that can be offensive does not mean it should not be allowed on a shelf.
the effects are positive, because your brain is challenged, and your boredom has vanished.
i am asking for your help to do so.
in some countries dictators do allow their citizens to have internet access watch the news or in some more extreme cases even watch television at all.
next couple of years from now people will want to get rid of something else then, something else.
therefore, people are happy, librarians happy, and most of all you are happy.
computers can help everyone connect with anyone you can see computers have so many positive effects on people.
movies in this time and age reveal to much for you eyes.
now more than ever people use where they talk to friends.
' are you reading' asked mom.
a lot of the at home jobs today require computers, and without the computers the job would not be getting done.
the novel ' ' is an example of censorship being taken to the extreme.
well, if you really think about it computers help you.
so in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
the wildlife also had an impact on him.
all kids like to came home and sit on the computer all day.
parents can just decide they want their kid(s) to read, watch, or listen to
another reason is, it shows how confident this experience has made her.
but computers cannot simulate fresh air and exercise.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the computer is also fun and easy to use.
this gives the author confidence that she too can make it through her hardships to thrive.
with gaining more general knowledge you become smarter.
if you want things that are more intense or out there, then you can go to a bookstore, instead of a public library.
i believe that every person has the choice to not read a book or magazine, or even watch a movie, if they find it offensive.
when you go on the internet you can learn about cool places and plan vacations.
some of the movies they put out these days are just horrifying to see.
so should libraries be more strict and remove certain items that might come across as offensive or vulgar to parents or even students?
some books in libraries offended some people.
obviously the library allowed it there for some reason.
so, live it.
dear , technology has been advancing at a rapid rate for many years now making life much easier for everyday people.
the world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator.
first of all, we have the right to have these kinds of books.
that road was replaced by a host rolling hills.
he had been riding on flat road when the terrain dramatically changed.
it gives you a sense of togetherness.
no parents want to walk around and hear there children saying these things or doing these actions.
we find certain slurs and lyrics offensive, while others not.
well you can go online and buy whatever you need at the store.
like i keep saying its only a click away here is another topic, online banking.
is a very true statement.
computers are helpful device.
people should be made to realise their social and political responsibilities.
we would get information from the books but not as much as we would get from the computer.
as you can see this is my third and final reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
but instead, they get too addicted to , and that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip.
this also leads to higher crime rate, believe it or not.
you find a book that is immature to you, but you do not have to read it.
there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it.
a horror film is not suitable for a of a young age who believes everything he or she sees on .
what do you think?
the variety of data bases and resources the increased communication and the skills computers allow you to portray and prove that they are essential for this generation.
its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more.
this also includes email and blogs and some chat sites.
i, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online.
seen almost in every part of this country.
computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways booking transportation.
for example, on the day of the deadly earthquake in , most of the world found out within the hour from computers.
people can use the internet to send emails to each other.
as a result of the internet, people are smarter.
computers have to technology to go online and chat with various people all around the world.
otherwise each one will do so differently and cause a mishap.
social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material.
this goes for anything else like furniture, instruments or even cloths.
helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on.
the reason he is happy, i think is because he has a family that loves him.
that why i think they should be remove
then probably on his merry way to his destination.
there would probably be nothing left.
he was having heaps of books on all sides of his table and in shelves.
also, since the cyclist had no water he was becoming dehydrated.
you could be going to new place around the world.
movies that talk about and .
dear , and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology.
there, he was expected to stay for about a fortnight.
people can research, learn about any topic or subject and let people talk to friends online i think that computers have a good effect on people.
if the librarians are letting young kids check out explicit music, and movies, they should possibly be fired.
my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company.
dear , computers have advanced our world so far into the future that practically everything is just a click away.
this quote creates a calm loving mood because it explains that the author enjoyed his childhood, and loved if family who loved him back.
obesity is not the only problem that is damaging their health, their eyes are being damaged also.
the tumble weeds show a distinct desert look.
some libraries have begun to censor their book collection by removing ones they thought could be offensive.
what i do think is that they should keep everything in the library.
the mood of this duration is very warm and happy.
when children read they learn many new words that are in that book.
fit, energetic, radiant, hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily.
they give him determination, because each horizon he sees gives him hope.
the routine of the farmer is never disturbed by the sun or rain, cold or heat.
i think not.
when you are on a team and exercising you will learn life skills.
let media be free so men, women, and children from all over the globe can be unique and wonderful!
polar bears, whales of different types, and other creatures all need our help to fight this extinction problem.
all of these emotions are evident in the text.
he ended up getting a on the test because he used a computer.
if you need direction you can print them out off the internet.
make new friends when your at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park.
dear editor, i believe that computers are an important part of modern life and proves itself to be available because everyday.
we also are doing our part to destroy the environment.
when i do research on a important person in history, i learned things i never learned in school.
computers can take you around the world without leaving your room.
i think that computers teach you more than they, disable you.
people who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free.
by doing this we can get rid of censorship, and be able to fully enjoy all our rights as .
censorship is wrong for this very reason.
because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions.
it just goes to show no ones opinion is right or wrong.
but this is what i think is right
what if something important happens?
though many novels contain explicit material, there are still numerous amounts that do not.
i, without slight hesitation, stand against censorship in every way.
being a cyclist is not as easy as it sounds.
when authors write books they are pouring their hearts out to us.
it you fail, then try again.
winter and cold represent death, and spring represent a new life or beginning.
people the computer is something good and cool.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is warm, grateful, and very palpable to the reader.
i think as long as your reading whats it matter what it is or as long as your learning something.
the words in songs can be offensive.
i never get tired of all the pictures, all the gossip, and all the jokes at the end.
many people could take music in the wrong way.
it shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands.
as a teenager i am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself.
hello, i decided to write in to the paper on the topic of computers, and how they benefit society.
there are lots of stuff in book that people think is offensive.
i know, after an hour or more online.
computers, we use them everyday.
in this memoir by , he explains and recalls the home he grew up in.
for example i learned how to type rapidly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn.
computers have a positive and helpful effect on people.
after coming back from my uncle’s home, i developed the backyard of my house.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, i am the first one to admit that but, it also hurts your heath.
a good book is healthy.
do you like what i like?
there are books that must be kept so that students can learn to their full abilities.
believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books.
you can talk to that person and find many race.
with computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes.
these experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more.
what is to stop a kid to getting to one of these books, or movies you can find in libraries?
we can do it, we will fight!
if you ever need to set information that not have to through the of book,then, a computer is the thing for you.
from learning, to games, to videos, and to a tool that is very useful.
it is the crying need of the hour to plant more and more trees.
the only way people can truly make their ideas heard will be when they can understand all about their topics.
what about family?
all of them are about people who do drugs, are suicidal, and do sexual related things.
first of all, computers give you information on things that you cannot find in books.
so let us hope that all though we play with the idea of censorship, that we never go down that winding road to no where
i think that all libraries should carry the same content in them.
for some people, taking away things like that would be like making kids at school wear uniforms.
i say happy because the author was happy to enjoy having so many friends and family to come over everyday and have fun.
thirdly, i believe computer is a positive effects far away relative.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because of how hot it is, how big the hill is and the shortage of cold water.
you need them to see how you are doing financially computers are essential to our and economy.
flat roads, hills, building - all are settings that affected the cyclist.
people need to know the facts about computers before they try to argue about them.
i believe the same thing goes for movies and magazines.
computers help people with working, learning, and even communication!
this author creates many moods in this memoir.
the mood that the author was trying to show was calm.
our founding fathers knew this and took it with them while writing the , and now we have a that protects all our information.
in the same store there is a music section and there are children in it all the time.
he is riding in the desert where there is low to rain.
here he describes how the people in his neighborhood acted towards each other.
more often a market place is found in the town.
they start to engage in activities that were once frowned upon.
it is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away.
decades ago when it was set into place that anyone was aloud to practice their right to speak freely, the idea of censorship was not in the plan.
if they hurt your feelings then you know not to read, listen or watch it again.
the first girl said. '
these kind of things affect our every day living.
have you ever been lost?
other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse.
this helps the children stay there and not wonder off into one of the adult or teen sections.
it is real relaxing to me.
everything in the story was the opposite of what he wanted until he got to his last hope the bait shop.
this is another reason computers are an impact.
again, that goes back to the problem of kids growing up too fast.
they have books over everything.
in earlier times libraries used to be the place where you went to study.
many people not agree but i just tried to make people to see my point of this statement.
so i do not believe that there should be any censorship in libraries at all.
you use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing.
maybe if you find that great deal or help your kid get a better grade then you will realize how good the computer is.
also the setting seems to be very dry and have desert like conditions, without water the cyclist would be dehydrated and could suffer from a heat stroke.
items by using my coconut shell, trunk or husk.
computers are not only fun, but very resourceful.
they are time consuming, but they count for a huge chunk of our grade.
secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world.
in no way, shape, or form is this morally correct.
he tried a drop or two and the water tasted like battery acid.
more and more people should lay off it.
what there is in do.
the desert that he was in.
there are plenty of other places that are worse.
the wounded cyclist was removed to the hospital.
these, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful.
people are now these days.
so have i, my dislikes are many.
if something is offending you then you should say something about it.
their are different kinds of people that like to read different kinds of things.
if they have life problems then they seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet.
during the day, they will be very tired in school or work and the internet will be the one to blame.
the fact that there is nothing living around the cyclist also affects him.
everybody is overworked.
so what are you waiting for get off that computer and take a hike!
it was during it that had changed his mind.
those reasons being that you picked it out yourself and that you have traveled to the library looking for something you will enjoy.
( ), , , or .
in conclusion, not everything should be censored.
i check it almost everyday when i come home from school.
people have always had a right to view what they want and read what they want due to the freedom that this very country provides.
grown ups need them to work.
you can fine out many hallway can take you to or beach or other places.
books can be good things, but are they always good?
which could be very bad if you think about it.
mu mom just wanted to learn about so she just looked it up on the internet from her computer.
simple as that.
the hibiscus represents both the longing for the past and the hope for the future.
the strenuous activity of biking combine d with the scorching heat of the desert began to take effect.
are so many fun and healthy things you can do for your body.
soon people will be marrying them.
people have a craving for information, they like to learn and advance.
there are no other human beings, cars or buildings for miles.
in my opinion, there are a certain number of books wasting away on the shelves of the library that need to be disposed of.
every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades?
the computer can help you with all of this but is bad for you too?
having an endless source of information in your own home.
could use it for chatting online.
the hills would make the trip more difficult.
i would also never ever watch a bloody, gory, and really graphic movie in front of her either.
this needs to change.
first of all, children often follow after what they see.
imagine you doing a report on life in .
you can learn about many new places with a .
books should not be banned because if they were then, we would be ruining the future for others, and we would be destroying our own future.
throughout the whole journey the cyclist is by himself and there are no people, cars, or buildings around.
get more copies of the book.
he is still thinking of getting to the next town to get something to drink.
throughout the story, the author put in details, explained things, and painted pictures in your mind all to set the mood for the story.
if there is a book out there that is offensive in your view and you read it there is no reason you have to agree with it.
life is easy, a false statement.
no later than a day when was walking down the street a gang of girls jumped her.
however when he came to the next town and attempted to use the water pump, a rather hot, foul liquid came up instead of water.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i support the advances in technology.
the character says this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
this is wrong and immoral.
make the smart choice.
hard truth of responsible people turning into betrayers is depicted quite efficiently in this movie.
search engines like or yahoo provide answers in less than one second.
i had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading.
the change from flat lands to hills made the ride more strenuous on the cyclist.
the author reveals gratefulness through what she tells her parents.
in this way among the men and the cats has a big relationship.
i hope something i write will propose my reasons.
this is a free country and we have the write to speak and write about whatever we want to get out.
if you read more you will see why i support these details.
computer are a of looking in many different take days.
they get back their energy and feel relaxed.
in the story many different settings affected the author in many different ways.
or i can also talk to friends after a long day of school.
there are very many view points of this topic.
books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones.
clearly, using the computers takes time away from family.
that was how was actually voted in.
what would be the reason behind it?
until this point in the story to road has been mostly flat and straight.
they can help save the environment.
for example i read an article about the and the the next day my teachers gave us a pop quiz on that and i got .
the significance of the last paragraph is mainly about the budding.
this is a threat to any living creature.
now where going to talk about bad things that computers do.
so say you do take that piece of material off that shelf or off the display.
as a result, the students grades would increase.
so in all, i would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society.
she tells her mom that she did not pass the test but in the last paragraph she vowed to herself that by spring she will.
most things students model after are the things they see, hear, or watch, such as the media.
maybe there just is no line of the definition inappropriate,especially in the world we live in today.
so, the base they ace at you can talk to them over video mail.
because they are all ways to express ourselves.
i strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer.
students now easily forget to do homework.
books need to stay put in the libraries that they are in
so i hope you enjoyed reading essay.
morning walk keeps me away from sickness.
there is a large number of children’s books.
now she gets that feeling from the geese and plants.
recently you back to your six pack sexy self.
it just depends on how you feel about what has been written.
in this story it has a overall theme that everything will get better with time.
anyone can see what you put so you should be safe.
an you cant just take that off the shelf.
it is very dry and hot out there but
every minute you are on the computer you can learn something new!
it all just depends on the family.
for , i play music and talk to my friends at the same time.
dear local newspaper, has been a discussion around the for decades now.
they all are there for a reason.
does everyone you know live in one are?
this is a place that has already been through a and has fought against racism and slavery.
we should take precautions and do deep thinking.
the peacocks dance in the fields.
the lion obeyed him.
one of which, that my teacher picked up, was ' right ' by .
i am a really smart kid.
the only thing that kept me away from the grasp of boredom during the trip was my portable computer, that i played games and watched movies on.
i feel that since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing, that libraries and media centers should separate such materials from other books, magazines or .
people miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family.
a picture on a computer cannot even compare to what it is really like.
another reason offensive material should not be removed is because parents would have to approve the item that their child is getting.
the mood is loving in many different ways.
with how the human race is everyone is going to hear something bad or even see something.
they would be making plenty of people unhappy if that type of music was removed.
this words use figurative language because the geese reminded her of herself, almost familiar to her now.
if books are being offensive, it can just easily hurt anyone reading that book.
music is a persuasive thing, and if a kid walks into a library and picks up an appealing , could be bad.
in the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination.
are there some relatives you been face to face with its because of computers.
furthermore, on the computer you and all you clients can hold a conference call.
i remember this one time when i was watching channel news and a years kid fainted from playing a computer game for too long.
i would say all the moods in this memoir is loving, caring, friendship, and equality.
normally a phone would have to be glued to you ear but now you hands free.
they allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions.
far from the reach where kids and children are able to access.
and that just brought him happiness.
seeing naked bodies would be considered setting a bad example.
having to pay to travel.
for example, the cyclist was pedaling and pedaling with nothing in sight.
we make new friends.
most of my family members life in , , and and just for a call its like ten dollars for a minute.
well lets get started!
book that give knowledge to people in need, not thing contain negative depictions of human life.
soon we will become the leader of and we will get to the decisions around.
also some books help prepare a person for the outside world.
nothing really all to serious i guess.
i was not really worried, as i felt i knew it.
we use computers to purify water.
if we get rid of every single book that offends people then we are not going to have many books left, and without books we have nothing.
i love to read and listen to all of them.
people read material to entertain themselves, and there is nothing wrong with entertainment.
it started entering the low lying shops.
without computers, i would have known none of this.
i was walking around searching for a book about animals because all the seventh graders had to research an animal.
reading can help a child to expand their imaginations.
being the baby of the family, he is everyone’s favorite.
also, that she is going to start making the best out of life.
dear , name is .
there are also many more than what i listed.
thank you for your time to read this, i hope you can find a way of going in to this subject more.
just like weather people always want to know breaking news.
just because one person reads a book or magazine and they find something in there that they do not like they call offensive.
i treat people the way i want to be treated and that should go for everyone.
now, it is seen as one of the most famous works in literature.
the advances in technology with computers benefits the society.
i do not think that materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
also, the water he was drinking was streaming and tasted like battery acid.
so when some people are certain that a specific word or topic should be restricted, there will always be another person to say the exact opposite.
like everything is going to be alright.
i think that when old enough, they should be able to read books and listen to music that might be offensive.
there is no doubt that health is wealth.
i think that the features of the setting affect the cyclist greatly.
please consider my opinions the right way.
he raised his voice against the british rulers.
maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person.
if everyone can help out in the effort to make our libraries and school more censored than all the libraries would be a lot happier places full of adventure
if they are constantly listening to foul language and what not, that is going to just stay into a persons mind.
the hibiscus represents her staying strong in the winter and the come spring she builds up and goes and takes the test again.
i hoped to see some of them.
in the story, the cyclist starts out with a lot of confidence that he can complete the whole ride.
computers are more practical than books.
so in conclusion that is my opinion on this
nature is so beautiful, why ever it?
as a long distance running, i know what the sun will do to you during a hot day.
well, they do.
computers inform people about important news.
first and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems.
this allows us to change our own culture by getting inspired from others.
illegal uses are involved and can draw in anyone with just s single click of a mouse.
the time that you could be spending on homework or even working on a job, your wasting it.
this shows that when the hibiscus restarts its life, so will she.
it is this positive, happy outcome that makes the mood so bright and positive.
if you have a child who likes to run up the phone bill because they like to talk to their friends just tell them to use a computer!
also the girl is getting happier at the end and that makes the reader happy.
that someone else happiness is the true gift of life.
class rooms in that floor.
people will not be caring for family or friends.
some say that offensive things should be censored.
putting censorship on those things would be a good thing because there are materials that are not good for small children to read or hear or watch.
the memory still haunts me.
take a book that refers to slavery and what they use to call black back then.
they usually stay up all night playing games or going on .
many might want to forget about what happened, instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it.
they get the magazines and drool over how the center fold looks.
in my own experience from reading the book i would have to say that these people are crazy and should reevaluate the the specific age they market to.
you can find information on anything in a library, from any point of view.
i had a situation once when the title of the book sounded great and when i started reading it it had a lot of curse words in it.
it could be the next best story for somebody.
i think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad.
if books and movies containing information unacceptable to one person were removed, then everyone else has the right to have material of their choice removed as well.
they can get this practice from exercise catching ball, threading a needle, or using a computer.
i think we should have more time outside.
censorship takes away from the enjoyment of reading.
its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online.
it is their job to show them the right path.
while some people think were not wasting our time on the computer.
so these i the easiest and fastest way to project.
you can also find the nearest hospital.
first of all he rides into barren land.
take my friend she was online one day when a man started to talk to her.
talk to friends.
another reason would be because people would want to see the funny things that people invent that actually make the shows.
how does that really help?
over here, he is saying that your friends can be your family or the people that you love.
he felt like the world was against him.
that means that it is open to anyone and everyone.
says, to the new advancements in technology, people are to spend more time indoors than outdoors and that percentage will most likely increase as the decade proceeds.
even what might be considered a great piece of work by most could be considered an abomination by some.
chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous.
instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!
computers are beneficial in several ways.
those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas.
i have had problems with this before.
adults mostly use them for business.
the people that they will donate some money to the poor.
it also makes it easier to find health insurance, car insurance, and house insurance.
that is, of course, an obvious statement.
how different would our life be me right now?
that is why she is waiting till spring to try again.
everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want.
this is where you could write something down in the computer, send it to anyone and receive a reply within seconds.
this he meant that no matter what background their neighbors were from, they always welcomed each other.
one is based in with training to be a hero.
if you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying your eye lens.
so remember, even though computers are
when i am older and if one of my elementary children was to bring home a book over abortion, i would be concerned.
to begin, computers are not a benefit to society because it gives you less and less time exercise.
movies and books can easily be censored.
and depicts the intense heats of the desert.
saying no to censorship.
so i decided not to remove the books from the shelves, so the people who did not find them offensive could read them, if they wanted to.
the music that is degrading women in a very disrespectful manner.
race and origin are another problem with some people.
no book should be removed because someone find it offensive.
instead of separating the kids, surprisingly they started quarreling amongst themselves.
dear , more and more people do use computers, but it is not a bad thing.
it had also made the cyclist have less energy.
in conclusion, i believe that allowing any one person to take a certain book, movie, or off of a shelf is not very smart.
it is where people of all ages go to find books or other materials that they would like to read or use for research.
everyone is different, everyone has their own story, just like these books do.
going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay.
who are we to say that everything needs to be removed off the shelves in libraries?
the teachers sit in the staff room.
he did have perseverance though he never gave up and that is what saved him.
in the beginning of this mans journey he was confident in his abilities.
amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this.
also now you can buy food on internet and lots more.
all the members of the staff love him.
one example is, is that a guy came to our school to talk about his son.
about of all picture on the internet are true.
whether it was from a parent or even their best friend, they have heard it.
she was upset and afraid that her mother was going to be angry with her that she started to shake.
there are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world.
the opinions differ throughout the variety of different people across .
the invention of computers is the single most important event of the .
last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet.
everybody should be able to read a book if they want in a library.
i want to read something that is going to grab my attention, and make me want to keep reading.
to begin, the books selected to advertise on the shelves of a library are not restricted for a certain age level.
sometimes your closest friends are across the country & you want to talk to them.
why should the library offer things for children that parents would frown upon?
other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it.
the ability us to get more education.
they sought to ban the book in the schools in our township, wanting to spare all other children the experience of being exposed to was clearly traumatic material.
there are about thirty students in my class.
the author concludes the story with the paragraph she did; to tell people never to give up.
computers help children and adults learn so much.
and had the flavor of battery acid.
these are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday.
the computer allows you to connect win people who live faraway with out having to travel to them.
if certain offensive things were taken off of the shelves of libraries such as music, books etc.
when she was looking at the petals of the flower it said, gently she closed her palm around it and held it tight.
i feel that each book, movie, and magazine has at least one thing that a person can find offensive.
when i was little i was always in the library and it was never hard to get a book with bad language.
his parents let all who needed a home to stay with them, because they knew that the others would help them if they needed shelter.
, there were snakes in the road, which make the cyclist timid looking out for snakes so he would not get bit.
the mood that was set was about how you should keep peace in the house.
this way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the .
dear , i have heard that people are thinking of how computers are having a bad effect on people and i disagree.
like the movie industry is starting to come out with more and more movies about drugs, sex, money, and violence.
he showed how happy everyone was to be together and nothing went wrong.
our children need to learn go out and exercise an hour a day.
the setting is active just like the cyclist.
spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer.
i could sure use your help because these are some really long lists.
this obviously is going to have an affect on him because it will be very fast.
what can be done about this problem?
if you were in a library and you saw a book or anything that you took offensive, more than likely someone else will find it offensive too.
computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity.
for instance had an extreme censorship policy when he was burning all of those books.
a computer also helps me through my daily life.
for example, kids are always.
for instance, if the cyclist had less strain on him then he would not be as tired and would not drink as much water.
all these good people got together and became family.
censorship is found on television, in libraries, in schools, and even in homes.
what would i read?
another thing is, i am sure you have heard of a website called, study island.
i was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter.
if a book is offensive it does not deserve to be taken off the shelf.
people you actually really need talk to, such as friends, teachers or even people you never talk to in school.
he thought if he died no one would find him faster the birds would pick him clean.
as most of us knows, fresh air is good for us.
among those effects are ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of find entertainment.
someone can learn about far away places by searching it up online.
by using the computer, people are not getting many benefits.
some novels, more than others have a lot more graphic content such as .
sometimes politics have a say in this.
if the people want to read or watch or listen to bad stuff they can its not other peoples choice.
schools have the right to censor what is put in their libraries for their students to read, especially magazines.
he must not be afraid of anything.
in my opinion, offensive materials should be taken off of the shelves
if everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary.
we should not have an eye on other’s wealth.
they threw water on the rising flames.
set in the drawing-room.
my concern is for the children who get a hold of these books.
i have seen many offensive books.
for the most part, it is good.
if the boat is rowed by more than one boatman, they should have a perfect and clear understanding.
that is why the effects on computers to people are nothing but positive.
years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to.
parents do not want their child going to the library and picking up rude materials.
last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it.
soon there is great rush at the taps.
they would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers.
the problem is, that with all of this and knowledge, there are young minds that are not yet ready to soak it all up.
should certain materials be removed from the shelves of the library that are found offensive?
the mood that this author creates is the gratefulness.
all of those computer related things would not there for there were no computer.
with people getting less exercise, not enjoying nature, and having less interactions they are doing the world more bad than good.
i do not think those books should be on the shelves.
if people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease.
this is when you have a webcam and you can see and talk to other people.
why do people do crazy things now in these day?
did you know that most kids communicate online now.
my last reason i think computer have a positive affect on people is that it can help you with jobs.
even teachers were reading it.
are ???
but peoples education is also effected.
so who has the right to say whether a book is offensive or not?
she wants her to know she is three for her.
lastly, the buildings were what made him want to give up.
also you can talk to others online to get a feel of what happened.
an ideal student should have many qualities.
if you do not like something said or seen in some of the materials, then do not read or watch or listen to any of them.
another thing i like are sports.
such as i think that if someone wants to check out an adult book they should be required to show id at desk.
some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them.
now with music yes your so called rap today is music that your kids should not listen to.
that is why i think the mood is love.
it is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family.
there are mysteries, romances, comics, biographies and anything else that you be able to think of.
every one has there own opinions and there own view on things.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
it is helpful, you can discover new things and much more.
the man was also very thirsty and had no water left in his water bottle, he began to get very thirsty.
games be fun, but they teach us skills too.
you should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen.
would you just stare and wonder if she was crazy?
the sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief.
when i go on the computer, i might need to research something that i have interest in.
i remember a story of a girl who took her own life because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother.
computers, believe it or not, are on easy and way to maintain contact with far away people.
in spite of being rich he is not arrogant.
why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out.
it depends on a point of view like most things.
this is the message the author tries to give
first comes the windy roads.
if a child does not have a computer at home this will.
there should be no reason that we are not allowed to see, read, or listen to whatever we would like to as a nation.
those are the affects the features of the setting had on the cyclist.
also, kids or adults will be unhealthy and not exercise.
many materials such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they do not need to know or learn.
lastly, if you want information on a particular school, you can just search it online and find its website.
life cannot exist with nothing to thrive off of.
without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier.
he loves cooking and his parents taught him how to cook.
people get addicted then they become lazy and eventually obese.
there have been so many drunk driving crashes recently in our nation with children who should not have even been drinking.
another thing is that just because you do not like something or think it is stupid does not mean that another person does not love it!
i could be an older man or women trying to get a hold of you so they can probably kidnap you.
this way, there is a less likely hood that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager.
what if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport.
now we could be talking about at the very least.
some of the more widely know cases of this most despicable tactic of control come from the countries of , , , and .
they lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community.
in freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and the freedom to have your own opinions and interests.
he then began to feel relieved that he could get water.
there were about fifty passengers who were traveling with us.
hes also running low on water,the water bottles only contained & few tantalizing sips.
computers helps every one in all ages.
dear local newspaper, have you ever noticed how a lot of people are always on their laptop or their computer?
the setting of where the cyclist was affected him greatly.
another feature that affect the cyclist is the lack of trees or shade.
this is probably what everyone uses the computer for.
lastly, the rough road affected the cyclist.
dear , i think that having a computer is a very positive.
well, you had a computer, you could go online to the news website and read more.
being able to reconnect with someone is very important.
you can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know were everything is and be a web master.
when the setting changed, so did the effect it had on the cyclist.
the mood is well many different things.
for example it is much easy to cycle on flat smooth ground than it is on the rolling hills with rough, rocky ground.
it not have been perfect but he managed to find the good parts.
i support the advance in technology especially in computers.
this increase would help many, people with low coordination.
of all, cherished every moment lived.
when you go to the library, you usually expect a huge selections of books and other materials to choose from.
children can find out the password and net around .
some say that our future generations will be greatly shorted of knowledge, or become naive because of this lack of knowledge.
teenagers well and do while playing game talking to.
magazines can also be offensive because of the things inside of the magazine.
therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing.
their government wanted a world of peace and a community where every man was equal and diversity was no longer existent.
fiction or nonfiction?
secondly, there are people like me who are not offended at all from these books, music, and movies.
you can still do all that on computers.
so, society needs to put a strict rule on what libraries carry and what they do not.
the park was converted into a fairy-land.
lastly, materials at a library should not be censored because each and every item there could help with some kind of research.
in the story is says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
if someone did want to see or check out these materials, they should need proof that they are eighteen or older.
did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself?
just off the top of your head, how people do you know that use or ?
some people think it is a good idea and same do not.
the internet is a best cache of information.
but a material should not be removed from a library shelve, unless the , or the manager, find it offensive, then i can understand their decision.
he is seeing it in a book so why not try something in a book.
more people would stop going to the library because there would be no materials sparking their interest.
people should be aware of some of the content in books.
he sets a very specific mood in this memoir which is everyone coming together.
it lets you learn new things and research.
if we put out a warning system it is fair to everyone.
you can check sports scores from the night before or check sports score from years ago.
so why should anyone else be able to take that away from them
she was looking very pretty.
i for one believe that computer are useful for many things.
i love the big aircraft t the airport.
for example, is a helpful website to learn who they really were in life, were they fight in a war.
these are some of the things authors want to avoid.
because sells your info to businesses.
happiness was shown throughout the story.
you can get directions off a computer.
do you have picture files laying your house?
one must actually be outside, experiencing the feel, the smell, and even the taste of nature.
computers are enjoyable, great pieces of technology.
sexual conduct, language, and criminal behavior are three big things in my school, and community.
you can talk to people the faraway you lose.
what is education for?
being on the computer stops many people from interacting with their family and friends.
dear , i do believe that computers can be positive.
my point of view is that people have the choice to go out side, exercise, and enjoy nature.
but libraries today has be way more improved and advance with music,movies,and etc.
there was always one book that i remember the most named, 'a light in the ' by .
however, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer.
they tell him that they know a great shortcut which turns into the authors hardest ride ever.
writing can cover all aspects of life and give us ideas like racism and other inappropriate thoughts.
i think that this was a really good mood to set in a story.
it teaches us about everything & everything.
like learning about far away places and people.
this also revolves around addiction.
would you want to spend you money on some thing that did network?
exercise is a big part in staying healthy and fit.
when you take away materials that some people use to learn, you take away their ability to learn.
hey, some people even work from home.
the thought of trying the test when the hibiscus starts budding ties the story together.
many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer.
most of it had to do with how grew up and was born into a family who had just finished their hardships of getting int .
they can learn and even interact with.
plus, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type to much.
another reason why libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well.
is mentioned in the last paragraph.
if you are offended by some of the material thing you should avoid it, not get rid of it for everyone.
that was another example of how this author was happy about his life.
you can not blame others for what they feel needs to be heard or said to some.
for example, if the story would have taken place in he could have just stopped and bought water.
some people believe these things influence bad behavior like stealing, cussing, and even murder.
like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her.
it was on a , and my mother was just about to have a baby.
see photos of - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet.
, i can tell you reason why.
dear, newspaper people should use less time on the computer because it effects their lifestyle.
people all over learn things on the computer each day.
there is only the problems it is abandoned.
yesterday evening i was doing my homework in my room.
i like fiction stories then nonfiction.
you would go on the computer, look up directions to and print it out.
the beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now.
the second to last paragraph talks about the hibiscus, and the geese and the change of seasons.
computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard.
now that i have gave you convincing arguments about my choice from my own experience.
there come a point when things just become too much.
almost anyone has access to movies, magazines, newspapers, music, books, television and radio.
computers have caused damage to people!
you can even simply use it to help with homework essays.
this lowers your ability to do on the test.
computers have played a vital role in creating our economy.
with the help of internet i was able to see a far away place and experience the country as if i was there.
now that is in shape for any sport plays.
they would want to learn about places before ever go.
i think computers have a very positive effect on people.
it is necessary to water them every day.
i think computers are great effects on people, they help out a lot.
my friends say that this is very unhealthy, research as proven it and my mom has had experience with the computers.
people go to get what they like to watch, read, and listen.
well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people.
i think that none of the books should be removed from the shelves of a libraries.
i have pen-friends among intellectual, artistes, actors, dancers, scientists and university professors.
this just make me want to say wow do you really want to be that upset about a book.
but by using the computer you can find endless information about , and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to.
and third he was traveling through the deserts.
as the man rides his bike for a while he is of but as he road into the first town it seemed to be a ghost town.
the author is very grateful for all that his parents did for him.
since the are just as equal to everyone else.
when you need information on the line.
overall, my opinion on if censorship in libraries should be extinguished.
they take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle.
another is so you can check out movies, music, and books.
this is the last reason i support computers.
in addition, computers have word processor and other applications that help workers do their jobs daily.
am i right?
about the future and teach us how life is as an adult and ready us for the real world.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people.
this quote explains how the lack of water was a problem.
then, after a few hours, the cyclist was in the desert with bumpy hills.
health your social life, and also your education.
the internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family.
have you ever read a book you thought was offense?
others might find it inappropriate to have something like that available to the younger generation.
dear local newspaper, computers are used everyday by millions of people.
yes they should.
computers are an amazing benefit to society.
do you think it matters how appropriate they are?
the mood created by the author in the memoir is loving, caring, and gratefulness.
with only a chance of living, gave her the support she needed through most difficult .
it seemed as though he never left.
scary movies can give children nightmares.
that is the mood the memoir set of me to understand it.
you can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away.
discovering things on the computer is something that happens every day.
they give the news to the whole world.
whether it be in books, music, movies, magazines, or anything else.
many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising.
the author probably ends the story like that because it creates a sense of hope and wonder.
instead of talking hearing voice on the phone.
where would the line be drawn saying a book is unfit to be or placed into circulation.
for people of all ages to obtain.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the features are what cause the climax of the story.
just because i want to read the book does not mean you have to.
many of our tribes live inside forests which have trees.
had made us a better world.
dear i believe it is true many people use computers and that many more will use them in the future.
the features affected the cyclist because of the rough roads.
i just gave you some reasons why i would say that.
you, the parents, are heading to work while your child goes to and enters into the wonderful learning center computers.
lastly, computers help the communicate with one another.
the one you love good past u way and you did not even spend time with he or she.
after this is done, what have we really accomplished?
the valuable time of getting daily exercise is reduced, you will not see your family enough and some of the costs are outrageous!
you can talk to people on or email each other and have a conversation with them.
then she thinks it might feel more like this place is becoming a home.
they can go find a different one.
i personally think that computers are good.
a computer is very addicting people stay up on it for hours.
almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends.
she hear when the hibiscus comes back brings new hopes to the life to take that test for.
there is nothing wrong with that.
when your in school, you need to type lots of prompts, labs, and vocab.
of at states that the reason child obesity has increased so much is because children spend so much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors.
they move in public places.
it all comes down to learning, and there is no censorship on learning.
last but not least when you have nothing else to do, you can play games, and watch videos from online.
these type of materials have some from inappropriate to disturbing events in the books, but have been distributed to the teen section.
also, people can see pictures on the computer.
also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things.
this is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
magazines are a different subject.
to prove the point, let me introduce some content advisory systems currently in place.
books are the basic learning methods of education.
as for adults, their movies and books should be censored too.
the mood created my the author was happy.
not only do people lie about their age, they lie about who they are.
but, there are no instructions in my area.
in paragraph he describes his home growing up in great that makes it feel almost like you are there.
with a computer you can also learn about places all over the and the world.
so, lets face it, computers are important.
thaipongal is a harvesting festival.
sometimes mine is ridiculous!
do you want any thing like that ever to happen to you or your family?
the cyclist makes this statement.
first, need computer.
in the essay the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
i think that there were many things contributing to the cyclists state at the end of the story.
although computer gaming is a big reason why kids go on the computer, bullying is a huge factor along with stranger danger on chats.
think about the point that the person who wrote or made the movie were trying to get across.
there are no books, besides maybe math books, that ' offend at least one person or a group of people.
this way people can know what to expect if they read .
that someone should just look at the other way because a library is for the general public.
just as remembering the has influenced mankind not to repeat past mistakes, keeping books of the most horrible content save authors from repeating such dishonorable content.
interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email.
we should be string enough to look away and not fight about it.
also when a teacher a sighs a project on someone your going to need a computer to search up information for that person.
first of all, computers detach people from reality.
but our bodies function the same and we all breathe the same air.
therefore, i do not believe that certain books should be banned from libraries.
these are the question you need to ask yourself about certain materials that appear in libraries.
before i new it, school was half way over.
computers are also a part of my everyday life, because i have to use it to do research for school or typing up an paper.
it should not be allowed in public where innocent children will be exposed to it.
overall the main mood of this memoir is gratitude.
like how happy dose that makes that person that reads the books.
do not read the book or magazine.
music is something that everyone listens to, no matter is its rap, country, or the blues.
this one reason why many people use computer.
this place is wack.
this is also not a health relationship with family members.
the foods eaten there and what the weather is like.
i truthfully do not know why you would want to remove books or censor them with a sharpie marker.
out of people do this in everyday.
this is so because he talks about his parents with a passion of love and respect.
not everyone in the world today is going to agree on whats offensive and whats not.
so which one are you going to listen to?
its not such a far fetched idea.
the author portrayed that they were grateful for their parents and they he or she knew they would never be able to repay them.
just as much as putting ' ' into the adults section.
people should be able to read whatever they want, offensive or not.
in my own personal opinion i believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people created them.
should be removed from the shelves.
books are part of history no book should be censored.
it is a world someone loves to enter, to hide or confide in.
everything will soon go back to normal and will adjust just like she will.
i would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public.
growing up, my parents would watch carefully about what shows i watched, what music i listened to, or the types of magazines that i looked at.
that is for you to decide!
that is the primary reason why i believe there should not be any censorship
but, worst of all he has to travel a lot of mile on a bike through extreme temperatures.
for instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy.
everything is almost familiar to her now ().
are we not a for the people, by the people?
his parents taught him that anybody you can trust his family, anybody that you help because you know they will do the same for you.
they also, allow people to talk to other people online.
then what can you do?
so i strongly you to vote being a negative effect.
the most important thing about the use of computers is your safety.
& you could get to the point to watch out for it also.
plus what made the setting even hotter was he has been cycling nonstop.
i do not think books or any other materials should be taken off the shelves for some people?
setting plays a crucial part in the cyclists mood and energy.
all of those reasons explains that the settings affect the cyclist in many ways.
of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics.
this all changed when my dad bought her a lime green, laptop for her birthday.
it would sometimes be a good idea not to search for something all night, or someones going to be mad at the electricity bill.
multiple servers proud .
ties back to censorship because of the way these kids were pressured into drinking.
muslim people celebrate ramzan at the end of the fasting period.
i mean everyone should be able to listen and read things that the loved and enjoy.
second, be happy from where you come from.
i believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today.
for example or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school.
these things are everywhere, and just taking these materials off the shelves are not going to solve the problem.
go make some real breathing friends in person.
to his relief its a bolt shop that was still in business.
if a student sees something offensive or violent on a book, there is a big chance that they will show it to their peers.
i explained to her in the best of my ability the life of and this was important to me.
what book will be removed from the shelves next?
i seen so many materials that i think are not proper for people under age to been looking at.
for example, say you like horror books.
also, in cars there are computers to run just about everything else.
would mean more to someone if they found their own way and beliefs then having people tell them what they should and should not do or believe in.
this is found around us every day.
this is why i do not believe that censorship in libraries is not a great idea.
i know that books help me figure out many things.
many children are seeing bad material at too young of an age.
what about the younger children who like to read?
about of my class has computers.
being censored from things makes people want to rebel and learn the truth.
with this it shows that a person can not let one small thing ruin something for everyone else
in our country today, we have many different ethnic groups, and many people think differently about things.
you missed out on a lot.
this happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers.
it also shows people around the world the culture, style, language and many more facts about places around the world.
dear , i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
research showed that the majority of the obese patients spent excessive time on their little boxes of ten.
even though people think it take time from exercising and interacting with people it not really time.
instead of being on computers, i think it would be best to spend time with your family.
censoring our libraries would be a harmful and wrong thing to do to the general public.
in libraries, there are search engines to help people find information in a particular location.
some people have family in other countries that they have not seen in a long time and with a computer you can talk to them.
libraries have all kinds of books.
he is still honored for his three newtonian laws.
but why so many?
hope you get something out of what i wrote.
lincoln was a great man who loved mankind.
so can we just find something better to catch the attention of the audience who buy this material?
ten , who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles , with no mail or telephone or whats over?
starting at a young age.
also, they have lost their abilities to interact in real life.
i believe that if we had the right there would be no materials left for future children to read.
it keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school.
another thing is children taken books off shelves.
she ends with that paragraph because it starts over.
if someone does not like a book and it becomes banned from a library, then everyone will want to have a book that they do not like banned.
these life of can also become dangerous.
in the end, my father agreed.
if this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one.
that is because of the individual differences of the people that go to the library.
people around him have a good regard for him.
i opened up the internet and typed in in and i found out that i got a on the report.
her gentle grandmother?
admires them and their courage.
but why should we have to have movies, books and etc censored, cause their little children every where.
my sisters are the inspiration for me to make the world in which we live a better place,well, my brother is too.
the hibiscus encouraged her to except her new life and keep trying to make it better.
the hopelessness of the situation made the author want to give up, thinking that he was going to die out in the desert from dehydration and exhaustion.
the sun is a star.
but how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day.
but how do you get to your boss?
more kids are becoming over weight everyday.
there are books that will explain it for you.
as the local newspaper , i am sure you must be concerned about the safety of the town, or even your own kids.
we can find what is healthy to eat right away you can also get one of those fits for a computer.
they not all mean harm towards me but towards other readers they could.
he would dehydrate to the humidity of the desert and heat.
the next one of the corn.
computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends.
not many people would like to find something that seems to hurt or harm them in any way.
some people even create movies on special programs.
first, gaining knowledge is really essential.
when i was in the sixth grade my teacher asked me to read and write a summary on 'a '.
many times researching an animal will take you online because more modern books note good website to travel to for more information.
people should spend less time on the computer because there are other ways to look up information and learn about new places.
i think that some material should be removed from the shelves if they are racist or contain unsightly images.
the libraries place books for kids in a certain section to make sure they find appropriate books for their age.
later however, his determination was fading as he realized that his short cut was not so short after all.
she uses a spring time setting to show when her confidence in herself is reborn.
was happy that his parents that his parents left everything for him to have a better life.
and discipline among the members of the society is of the greatest value.
most people rather stay on the computer than spend time working out.
these allow you to send someone a message faster and easier.
and about music?
it has a big effect on a humans life.
whenever someone is upset it is easy to give up.
you can chat with them!
by online in chat rooms, bank, etc.
, he did not know where he was going so it was harder for him.
also, it helps people do work.
there are fiction and nonfiction, comedy, horror, children books, and many more.
perfect democracy can be achieved by educating all people in a country.
that is what causes people to become crazy and get into gangs or into drugs.
take in order of what i have said, goodnight.
it is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away.
after an hour’s drive, we reached the zoo.
kids should be persuaded to play outside and be in sports and have fun with the family or ride there bike.
dear local newspaper, people all around the globe are using computers!
and then we have no nooks left on the shelf for any of us.'
if a library has educational music, why not keep them in there?
we can not cut out peoples offensive banter in real life so why should we do it in our reading material.
the last i have is spending more time with family than on the computer.
i think its wrong to do so, because any book should be read know matter what is said in it.
while on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise.
another mood is relieve.
books are a form of history, each telling a story from the past.
people have a right to unmolested knowledge and censoring libraries is a direct violation of that right.
this works for a lot of situations not just this one, so if you need to get away from the stress just ignore them.
when i was looking, i saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians.
dear , are you always telling your kids to do their homework and get off the computer?
those are my reasons why computers are good.
think for a moment about what you like.
they have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much.
if you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night.
another reason i believe an offensive book should be removed from the shelf is because what if you are in that place very often.
, electronics expert.
a library is a place to get away and explore your mind in a fascinating way; by reading books!
your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a chicken for dinner.
so the children care more about the internet the being healthy.
this is an example of the setting affecting the cyclist, with what i believed was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill.
do you agree with me that we should be aloud to read, listen to or view what we want?
people spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends.
the library can be compared to a big computer.
she also loves all of the people around her home and how they all came together in unison even though they were all different cultures.
also, sometimes computers can take over peoples lives.
work is worship.
last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools.
lot of people have different of computers are more improve more faster and more high quality.
dear, , would life effect you if you did not have a computer?
having books taken off the shelf because people do not like them would result in having no more books on our shelves.
if the human body overheats, it becomes sick and unable to properly function.
it can be put on the computer or any type of device.
people have trouble looking at things in different perspectives and because of it they can cause trouble.
if we allow censorship anything that goes against our own personal beliefs would be destroyed.
also being able to look up school work with.
overall material in a store is public and for anyone who comes into the store.
but where was the home thought come?
it seems like he had a good childhood.
more than parents voted yes.
obviously, computers are growing exponentially in popularity.
i think this because the whole memoir is about family, friendships, and relationships.
they can learn about far away places.
my second reason for being is that it can help teach said and life skills.
when you get out of college people let go of some good friends because they could live in different state,.
no one would be able to read and no one would be able to express themselves freely.
it makes learning easy.
computers help find and get new .
as the cyclist prepares to retire for the day, he takes particular note of the serenity of an early summer evening, and ends the day feeling calm.
the reasons listed above tell you why i believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose.
exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much.
is inappropriate to one person could be deemed viewable to another.
many people can agree with me.
in conclusion the features of the setting greatly affected the cyclist because seeing nothing gives him no hope.
something that is offensive to me not be offensive to another.
that is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc.
there is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music.
sometimes these are needed for emphasis of the compilation.
everyone will be sitting at home on there nice new fanny computers.
another reason why we should not censor books that are found to be offensive is because in our , we are given the right to express ourselves freely.
stuff like that i can understand because that can be personal reasons.
he was dying of thirst and then he found the bottling plant.
libraries are here to help and not to hinder our learning.
not only does it entertain, but also there is so much vocab you pick up on from these books.
they are the ones how want to go the rated movies or get a rated video games that have offensive language.
he also mentions music as being passionate and that he still adores it even to this day.
the mood created by the in the memoir is happy.
it is a very horrible thing to learn.
he showed reminiscence by talking about what his house was like and what the people who made up the house were like.
find locations to where the live.
reason three your health is at risk.
anything can make someone change and in order to have that chance we should have the freedom to read what ever we would like.
a library is a public library just like the internet is public too.
there is no reason to change the book because that is how the people talked, back in the day, and how things were done.
well i will tell you what would happen to all would end appointment would giving you things you already got.
computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework.
dear editors, i was planning on taking a trip to .
those scenes or words can be put back in the movie once is sold in stores.
libraries, not many people like them, but most people do.
well do you think?
people were rushing around with huge suitcases and bags.
dear local newspaper, i have herd that some people do not agree that computer benefit our society.
from what the author says, times at home financially have been tough, but because they had such a loving family, everything was alright.
its like drugs they are so easy to get.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the question of what about her test?
on the computer you can find almost any game you want to play.
the is all computerized today, and that is a major trade way today.
to answer the question , i agree strongly on getting the offensive materials moved from the shelves.
think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer.
at some points, tumbleweeds crossed my path and an adversely large snake.
this is why computers are good.
when i got home and began reading it, it turned out i was wrong.
so, for those reasons, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
young adults play video games, read books in school related to .
one reason is because adults like all of that stuff.
one of my good friends is years old, has two jobs, her own apartment with her boyfriend, and is not supported by either of her parents.
these are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way.
i received my uncle.
father took his camera along, and we all left for the zoo.
you can even find out how much an average family pays - every year.
almost every college student has a computer or laptop.
also the cool thing about a computer is that there are websites that let you talk to your friends that live near you.
whatever the kid hears he will repeat.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive.
if such measures are taken, i think they will keep all readers, viewers and listeners pleased.
the computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music.
clearly, being on the computer is bad for health.
therefore, i do not believe that libraries should have to censor the books that are supplied for the citizens to check out.
computers help you learn things better than any other technologies.
the human imagination can create beautiful works of literary art and music, but it can also create material not suitable for every age group.
as you see many people that have computers use it in a productive way.
censorship in libraries today, i believe, are not a big problem.
i remember one time when i first started going outside i had so much fun.
neptune is the farthest planet.
however, not all individuals support censorship because of their children.
school systems are taking away that right by not allowing them to have a certain book in a school.
lastly, ) working people use the computer for work and reports.
for example the job.
my dad introduced me to classic rock, and my mom loved soft rock.
they gave up everything they had for her.
in addition to him giving us reasons to believe he is thankful, he tells us in his memoir that he constantly thanks his parents.
finally, my foremost reason on how computers can be negative is how addicting it can be.
these are how the features affect the cyclist journey.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
finally, it gives ability to .
then the other guy walked up with two of the books that was over there in the farm section of that library.
therefore explains that computers are not good for society.
however, that same cover be interesting to a young adult because he be into surfing, suntanning, or .
he had to stop and into by the snake which showed him down and freaked him out.
at first when he gets the directions from the old men, he thinks he will be fine.
censorship in general is a way to hide reality and sugar coat the struggles within life itself.
i have a friend name , and she is a computer addict.
once the store has lost customers, they lose money, then they might even lose their store.
there are many different genres of books, music, movies, and magazines.
the book was published so there must have been a good reason behind it.
these that just one grade class most students are addicted to it.
', and ' now?'.
if we want to erase as being an obese country, then we must get people away from their computer screens.
his parent, did the very best they could for their family.
to continue with, computers help families by bringing them closer in a way.
in the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them.
this affects the cyclist because he gets dehydrated because of the horrid heat.
should we, as people,as normal citizens, really decide what others are able to read?
if the books with questionable content had a sticker on them telling the reader that, then it could benefit both sides.
the hot and dry conditions made the cyclists hardest obstacle to be staying hydrated.
thank you for your !
you simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply.
well they are all great ways to communicate with people using the computer.
so not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also.
about how his parents was so selfless, and would always lend a hand to anybody needed help, matter who they were.
they complete their homework.
and last get off the computer and go see your family and friends.
in school we have a lot of projects that we might need type or get a picture.
not just one genre a person wants.
it easily allows people to stay educated, updated, and connected.
dear , do you think is the best technology made so far?
at the end the cyclist promised himself to always use his map.
this is how setting affects cyclists
they are great ways to help learning.
if everyone were to expect their feelings to be accounted by everyone, they are mistaken.
our country has many problems, but a few of them are the core values that are upheld in the .
history has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful.
as humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer.
i think people over react on some things.
they blame them for thing the forget to .
it would be a boring world.
say i wanted to write a book but people say it was too disgusting, i would still be able to write it and sell it.
computers can help us explore far away places that we never go to.
that out of member of family learn thing from the computer.
dear local newspaper, is my belief that people are spending too much time on computers.
over all there will be , cursing and smut novels out there.
one other way to speak to others, more for business reason, is .
you can change anything you want with just a click on your mouse.
most people think that computers are just new helpful technology, but there is more to it than just that.
a teacher’s profession is a noble profession he is a nation builder.
i get up early in the morning.
they are leaving behind and would do anything to give them better lives.
i hope everyone has an eye out for these kind of things.
you want to do as you can so you have that at.
exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit.
technology be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and be the best one that will ever be made.
computers have helped this country grow and prosper.
computers have a great effect on people.
materials that are offensive for some people in my point of view should not be removed from the shelves.
offensive materials should not be taken off of shelves because something that is offensive to one person not be offensive to another person.
kids should be able to read what they want to read.
if you are doing a history project and you need more information and pictures, log onto a computer and it.
a survey conducted by muscles shows that of their members get stronger and more fit by new exercises.
no, books should not be taken out of libraries.
to me that sounds like because he knows he can always come home to his parents if he ever need help.
then when he saw the building over the hills he thought he was home free.
we all love him a lot.
am i right?
this essay is to describe my opinion on if certain materials that can be offensive, should be removed from shelves in libraries.
i recently waited to get to know a students better.
computers are also not always dependable or safe.
the internet is a major part in having computers.
more people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy food and no physical exercise.
the book that you want so badly gone from a library was most likely payed by you, the tax payer.
it is a body of rock and moon dust.
many of spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday.
one of the things that sparked our countries secession from , was censorship.
when she sees the hibiscus, she is filled with memories of the past and weeps.
are we aloud to view his deepest darkest thoughts?
why you ask?
i have three cousins that live in that i never get to see, but with computers i can talk to them all the time.
this is just a way to protect the minds of young ones, which are like little sponges soaking everything they see or hear up.
some old buildings collapsed.
when in reality, members of the world are not happy and are consistently showing the reader that they do not know how to be happy.
he loves his parents and loves that house that they turned into a home.
reading it is a joy to some and a pain to others.
a good suggestion for this is what i just brought up, a personal censorship.
she is comparing her life to the lives of the geese and the life of her flower.
the one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication.
everyone has their own favorite book or genre.
the books someone decides to read is up to that particular reader.
if future generations are unable to learn what we have through these writings, then they will lack the insight we had gained.
i do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers.
you want to be know for destroying an important part of history
thank you for your time.
dear , the use of computers is not beneficial to our society.
have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others?
i believe some of the best entertainment in libraries are the most offensive, but it is all fact.
dear editor, computers have a good effect on humans.
keep it on the shelf!
this would make her feel strong and focused.
the water replenished the cyclist allowing him to regain some of his strength.
in the story, it says, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
there is no need to even visit a section of the library if one knows that he or she finds it offensive.
how will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper?
you have to understand that most younger teens and children are curious about many things before they even get to that age.
the heat in desert made the speaker thirsty causing him to drink all his water.
you can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer.
furthermore, to get up the rolling hills he had to peddle faster and harder.
also, lets say your doing a project and you need information instead of rushing to the library you can use the computer and find it.
the time is now to step up to the plate, librarians.
they might be forgotten or never seen from again.
here i remembered.
so, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things.
as he approaches towns, his hope increases but soon fades due to the realization that the town will be unable of giving him relief.
no matter what happens odds are is that children will find their way around these things, it never fails.
another reason computers are bad is because of health issues.
personally i have never found a book, song, or movie to be offensive to me.
i show a lot of respect to those people on a daily basis.
the mood of this article is very loving and kind.
this is another law that says citizens are allowed to think they will of anything.
what do you think?
it is not illegal for a library to have a rated movie.
clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people.
if this were done parents' minds could be put at rest for the time being.
a postman can be seen here and there delivering the mail to the addresses.
the reason i would describe the mood as soft and compassionate is.
for instance, last month i sprained my ankle and i stayed home from school for one day.
the mood created in this story shows how family should be.
the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze is flowing through the trees.
books contain adventures and life lessons that kids and adults need.
your honor, i have my proof right here.
this type of music is triggered towards the three ideas of sex, drugs, and violence.
we began video taping a posting.
if the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials, then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read.
i was very happy when we went and i saw how beautiful is.
i asked him what he thought of his job.
some people like that theme of the book or the story it has to it.
people say its a faster connection to people not could reach.
there are many ways that the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
for example, there is a magazines full of negative words and full of horrid stuff.
information, communication, and life skills are all important to our human nature.
i can just click on a button and the internet will bring me to hundreds of sites where i can learn all about the places i want to visit.
if one parent finds something to be offensive or inappropriate, they shelter their children from it.
i might not be making much sense but being with family in person is better than instant messaging someone you just meet who lives half way across the world!
computers help people because of the internet.
there are even movies that depict violent and inappropriate behaviors in which children should not witness.
have you ever read or seen a book that you thought was not appropriate?
dear , have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people?
this technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers.
has that ever happened to you?
there are many different things in the media that is shown everyday that is very offensive.
books are known to do this to people.
after a while she planted the flower in the vegetable garden.
other animals that give us milk are sheep, goat, and camel.
say their a teen and end up finding you that is why parents should not be let their children be on period of time and should be on.
technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world.
at times people do not close the taps open.
my third and final reason why computer have bad effects on people is that kids do bad in school.
well in my opinion i think that they should not remove any books because people think that it can be offensive but other people be into those books.
needless to say, this story has been banned from many schools and libraries.
the answer to that question is easy.
the bumpy road is hard to pedal over, and the endless stretches of land make him feel as if the next town is years away.
after all, winter is no time for a flower.
another big debate that many people have are with female and male opinions.
movies are a timeless object of entertainment.
second of all the mood of the author is appreciation.
the library might be the only place that someone could have access to that sort of material.
so, do we remove these things or let them stay?
as you of all people can see, many don' think too much about time.
i believe that censorship within a library is not something that should be done.
this emphasizes the characters total lack of resources.
many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education.
you know the average teenager spends at least hours on the computers?
as you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society.
too bad only out of every could relate to kid message.
i got down from the bus.
i personally feel that censorship is necessary to a certain extent.
people will take maps for a while and not want to go back to sleep and you wont have nothing else to do for the rest of the day.
the author chooses to end the story with this paragraph to get across the theme of acceptance and determination.
every day we read books, but do we know if they are offensive.
it is a fact that you can survive without a computer.
i believe all books would be fine left on shelves.
i still am satisfied and so are they.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
now answer me this, much time do you spend on you computer?
which in a sense is hurting the censorship of all the people who choose to take part in it.
i believe that if items were to be removed from the shelves, there would be less for others to enjoy.
it says this when the characters says.
throughout the and other countries there are libraries that hold offensive material.
the solar system is very big and jupiter is the largest of all planets.
although, some people find books and songs to be offensive, others contribute from these materials.
the animals are our best friends.
these books have been taken out of many libraries for their use of witchcraft.
the mood of the memoir is generally happy.
if you said to all of these questions then using a computer is the way to go!
there are a bunch of games, to play, or videos to watch.
as road get worse chances get higher tumble weeds and snakes in the way, he was determined to win.
since the cyclist takes the long route, he is in the desert for a longer period of time.
work sites such as companies use computers to control their machines.
a lot of jobs require people to be on the computer.
you think it is okay for your young child to listen to it now, but just wait until those words make it into their vocabulary.
everyone can be offended by something, so if everything was removed that was found to be offensive to someone there would be nothing left.
please agree with me.
one point, after the cyclist has been going for hours he notes, over on long crippling hill, a building came into view.
if someone who hurts themselves hears this, think of what could happen.
computers are great for many reasons.
some think that books and music should have different kinds of ratings.
we also get water from rains.
it is telling us of his childhood.
now lets talk about what we can learn about our planet.
in one way or another something provides information for people.
artificial respiration was also given.
the a lot of his in the story.
creates this mood by being grateful to his parents, welcoming family in their home, and celebrating their traditions with their family.
he says computers do not provide exercise.
there would soon be nothing left.
because they can help people find information they need.
she described her parents well enough to put me in her shoes.
in my opinion i say no to this question.
also a computer can help you with your education.
in fact, i was required to read it for school.
those are my reasons now let me explain them.
my friend was not happy.
the geese had become familiar over time, and finding the plant was simply comforting.
we have plenty of means of communication, such as ways like maybe writing a letter to someone?
you can talk on the computer, not just at school.
the computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight.
she refuses to buy a real one because it reminds her of the driving test and how sad she already is.
to me, that sentence was all about making people feel comfortable and at home.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
taking materials out of a library i would have to disagree.
finally, as the earthquake in i was able to donate through the website.
do not get to close to the screen because can hurt your eyes.
it allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally.
some people think gay rights, abortion, and teenage sexual activity are offensive.
just the other day i was in the library.
if i found something that was offensive to me i would just ignore it.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because sometimes, it made him lose some courage and optimism.
so what would you do if you found an offensive item at the library?
i believe that when we are cleaning off the shelf that should be removed from the shelf.
so he decided to go by aeroplane.
above all else, people must be free to educate themselves, form their own opinions, and express themselves.
do people still need computer?
the morning walk invigorates body system.
it is his own writing style.
you can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies.
computers are becoming more and more popular.
these are only a few of the reasons i think computers are great.
we wrapped him in a towel and asked him to relax.
there are many health concerns that take place in a generation full of computers.
the kids what it, but there is one book.
they gave him a feeling of confidence, and physically cooled his body down.
she is used to the flower being in a warm environment.
computers, are very popular these days.
the company wants to make money and so does the author.
people watch inappropriate videos.
great people have taught the value of austerity by living a simple life.
so, she got a webcam, and now everyday they talk, and her dad gets to see the baby.
such as family, friends, or a group of close people.
if a song is beautiful and sweet, but contains bad word in it, is it a bad song?
the librarians can put that particular book in the older age section of the library and have the kids book in the younger section of the library.
for example he had to pump for minutes only to get bad tasting water.
in the same way, some people use tiles and others use hay to thatch their roofs.
shows his love by telling his parents.
she has a different feeling with her problem.
dear : you recently posed a question in you newspaper.
animals are very faithful and helpful.
i believe that people spend too much time on the computers.
while being offended by a book is bad, we must realize that some people are going through things that are way worse than that.
but with email they would get it the second you send it.
in these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy towers.
another setting that affected the plot was the deserted towns.
computers have truly played a vital role in our education.
but being in the desert on a bike with no water, and you are last, is quite bad.
some people are almost addicted to their .
it gives this story a warm feel like it could almost be your mom or dad.
music that you hear on the radio is filled with suggestive lyrics.
social network sites are good for .
says they are both right.
books, movies or music about bullying should be taken out of.
this would result in a in high grades.
is your choice in the end, but not all people have the same tastes in books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
the computer is surely a great invention.
libraries are one of the number one resources when researching, reading, or gaining information and knowledge.
they let us talk to people all over the world.
a sign had said rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
no wonder schools have computer classes.
the terrain that a cyclist is riding on has a big affect on them.
in the technology is a huge part of society.
leaving options open for students is the best idea, because more kids actually read.
the cyclist also gets doubts when he sees the road signs reminding him how slow he is going.
some movies are really offensive and they should be removed from the shelf.
therefore, we should buy and read-only good books.
the cyclist describes the land when he says, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
she is not giving up on it.
for example the lack of water was the biggest thing.
it gives me the feeling that i could walk into their home and be welcomed with open arms even as a complete stranger.
cant afford the newspaper?
he pedaled on, but began to run out of water when he arrived at a well, he found the water to be inedible, and continued.
also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life.
it is found in our home-gardens.
would you like to be in contact with that person again?
it is never intended to offend someone, or bring bad to the world.
computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures.
thinking about that helped the cyclist keep going.
or just shows in general.
communication is extremely important in our society; it brings families and friends closer together.
so are you going to do about it?
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
internet is also use to educate.
i was taught to always be respectful to others and try my hardest in whatever it is i do.
whether its playing games, checking , or even working, peoples' valuable time is getting used up.
some music today is just extremely bad.
there are features of the setting that affects the cyclist on his journey.
people all over the world do that just about everyday.
also people want to learn the lyrics to the song.
these themes are reinforced in the last few sentences when the author ends speaking about his gracious neighborhood and how he learned to love.
if you keep doing other activities you can get skinny again easily.
for kids when they go on computers they are doing things they enjoy.
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
for example, the harsh temperature started to make his pedaling sluggish.
if everything is removed because of an opinion, the world of the arts will be no more.
it not true that we have something called books.
with having lack of water with such distance to go the cyclist stuck pebbles in his mouth hoping to forget about his thirst.
i believe that if we do take all of the stuff that involve offensive things off shelves then some people will be upset.
dear local newspaper, well many others, i believe computers are not only good, but beneficial.
we rely on such things to get us through the day and teach us things we were never taught.
you would be amazed on the amount and different things people can get offended by.
i am a fanatic of it.
all of these activities require very good hand eye coordination.
i support advances in technology because in the future.
they do not have limbs.
computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics.
!, that is not the case here .
i hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people.
the mood created by the author is very happy and grateful throughout the memoir.
websites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or maybe just look out funny videos.
leave the libraries as they are, as the monuments to the preservation and progression of knowledge and wisdom.
i do not think they should just be removed and out of the way.
you can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer.
what be offensive to one person not be to another.
my dream is to become a pilot.
to her the geese symbolize her life in life in and how she has became accustom to it.
many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular, rather than just browsing.
internet is a virtual library, you can search videos, books, magazines, and music.
also, you can talk and interact with family that does not live with you or is not with you in the moment.
i agree we should spend more time outside but we should also spend some time inside.
his babysitter was his first friend that lived above him and graced his kitchen with meals.
i strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential.
if someone finds it offensive then they can ask for that material to be put on the highest shelf their.
his appearance too is very funny.
the computer would alert the doctors.
everything that we see, hear, and read is censored.
the community would always extend their hands to one who was down on their luck.
unfortunately, he had to move away.
without computers it would be harder to neatly type assignments, print out pictures, and getting information.
think about it next to you look at a copy of ' ' by ; is it really that offensive to you?
the conditions and features affect everything about the cyclist.
however, computers benefit society because they life easier now a days.
any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book.
when i have children i will make sure that they are reading materials that fit them.
relies on the computer to talk to his loved family.
to you it be offensive, but to others its hilarious.
for example, walking the dog, or kicking the soccer ball around.
i found that book to be very offensive just because i was looking at it from a modern perspective.
the galaxy in which our solar system lies is known as the milky way.
i want my kids to be able to have the same options that i had growing up plus all the new books coming out.
if something bad has happened you will know this and will be able to help them.
secondly, can be made.
one year i went on vacation to .
if we censor something that makes us think this hard about who we are and what we do here, then we begin to lose ourselves.
everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together.
you stop reading all of a sudden and look at your child who is enjoying this violence and loving this story!
i do not believe that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from library shelves if they are found offensive.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are bad news.
music helps people find their activity in many ways.
the cyclist had to go on for miles seeing anyone or anything.
now, more than ever people are becoming very obese.
you know the setting disappoints him when he sees the terrain he has to cross as well.
there were many moods set by the in the memoir.
the next type .
if the parent chooses to limit access, then they should be active in the process of selection.
if you have kids you know you only want the best in their present & future.
computers can send out information and they are risky.
computers give easy to the internet, which has so much information it is.
the author created a close relationship mood while he was writing his memoir.
all these reasons and more are why i believe that computers benefit our society.
even most they are not physically with you talk to.
oh, let me start with no.
many people turn to magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashions or their favorite athlete.
do you remember the last time you locked something up on the computer?
after you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect.
i came to the .
children wont learn at a young age how to think on there fact language.
and to her grief.
we can feel our heartbeat if we place our hand on the chest.
authority teaches us, as children.
computers of course.
hopefully with this essay, i have persuaded you or at least informed you on the cons of censorship in libraries
there are just to many people in this world and i have read articles about libraries.
i think that we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship.
it is a chance to let go.
my friends wanted me to stop listening to her music.
he is the only son of our family.
all of the computers were filled with people and, a line with people ready to go on next.
he does not waste and electricity.
we live in a very diverse world they are going to be different outlooks on the world.
those who are interested in those topics still deserve to be able to choose those books.
is cool because the computer help you in everything.
i grew up listening to several different types of music.
if we remove every book that someone finds offensive we will have no books on the shelves of any library.
i mean yea i read articles from magazines but like i said mostly listen to music.
i think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone.
the author also said that there was no way to express her gratitude for the generosity impressed upon her at such an early age.
his environment and the features of the land have made him tired and thirsty.
some web sites contain the ability to talk to each other through video or through messages, such as , or .
what one person loves, another hate.
without the internet, probably half of the world communications would be down and that would not be good.
they use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time.
so help the world help you, and go promote the use of computers across your community.
if someone where to tell me that the book is changing their lives into something that is unbearable.
music should not be taken away from people going into a because of its vulgar content or anything of that matter.
since he is talking about his family of course he is going to loving.
one day, her mother bought her a laptop.
study conducted by university, the computer is the most largely operated machine.
the biggest question in my eyes is, ' deems that material as unsuitable for libraries'?
therefore, the setting does affect the cyclist.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is gratefulness.
i mean what do you think?
in the spring she will have a piece of her homeland blooming and she will be warm again.
even though there are factors like age, beliefs, and knowing what you are going into, i think these materials are just bad for everyone.
computers can do everything more than humans can, and we need to stop it.
for instance, one of my favorite types of movies to watch is a comedy.
this can really hurt them and others if they learn and see what is on this movies and magazines.
others might not think anything of the item and move along.
besides practically unlimited information, you can stay in touch with your family using .
people also make and keep in touch with great friends through the .
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
computers are great.
they can organize there topics and genres.
the setting of the road affected the cyclist in many different ways.
the amount of time put into gaming.
as i mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart.
we do not need things like that in our world.
if you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer.
my first reason not everyone should use a computer is because they get so distracted in the computer they forget about school.
if it is music, movies, or magazines, then it should be dealt with the same way.
being in that situation and setting i would have given up.
luckily the terrain had a positive affect on the cyclist as well.
will authors remove their books from libraries?
they both do the same things.
let alone not even be there to begin with.
everything in this world can be offensive to somebody.
so if is something out you don' believe in stay away from it, and let those who do believe in it enjoy learning about it
suggest that certain material not only be impacting children and teens, but adults are highly affected as well.
and i saw how they live.
if all of the kids in the world grew up listening to hardcore gangster rap and watching porn we would have shiftless and violent leaders tomorrow.
when many speak of tragic incidences, they speak, ' forget.'
but some of those books have a meaning behind it.
when the bell goes, all the children go back to their classrooms.
also like when a person is doing their home work they start getting carried away in taking their time going slow and ends up finishing very bad.
computers allow you to open up the to all people.
people use computers to communicate with people far away.
a there ever a time where there a movie that you wanted to see, but due to graphics in the movie you were not aloud to see it?
popular sites like , , , and so on make a good way to keep in touch with friends from your past, or even make new ones.
when you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource.
this is found when the author says, at some point, tumble weeds crossed my path and the growing realization that i could drop from heatstroke.
computers also help you learn new things like typing skills.
many websites also are adept at donating money while playing a game.
after much perseverance, he sat under a bo-tree near gaya and attained buddhahood.
i do not agree with this.
computers are essential to our culture.
call me and we will talk this through.
the author sets a real nostalgic feel about happy memories in the memoir.
a computer is a great resource for the public.
we all know computers and other technology are great sources of entertainments.
it just made me think she has to be really happy with her family her house and her life.
he is basically in a desert and he is running low on water.
without it, his family would wonder how he was and be worried.
therefore i do not think that certain books or music should be kept away from the shelves due to a few self opinions.
we can only hope for the best
also state that the other of fortune companies plan to switch to computer based operations by the end of .
the author creates a loving, and caring mood.
but, i do not think that just because they are graphic that they should be taken off the shelves.
our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, !
it is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways.
if this is the case i think that its not the right thing to do.
all the settings in the story also help him not to give up but keep on going.
the whole screen thing brings me to my next point.
there are always passengers at the bus stops.
furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch.
in my personal opinion no item should be removed from the library because many people have many interesting in many topics in the library.
it shows everything, it tells you stories.
this extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, , they enjoy nature much less.
finally there is no water around.
i knew that when i was old enough to read those novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me.
rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing.
its up to you!
children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically.
they are causing a variety of problems in peoples health, mind, etc.
no reading material should be taken off the shelf.
the cyclist was pedaling fine until these big hills came into affect and his energy was running lower as he went along.
to the story and goo continue ties reads.
we should have the right to read, listen, and watch what we enjoy, but younger children or other age groups should be monitored.
the library is a place for people of all ages.
we know there are consequences for saying certain things, but we are supposed to be allowed to say them.
oftentimes, once he comes to power, he is not the most popular of governmental forms.
my sister, , got her first job by going on the museums website and applying right there on the computer.
one more detail about the mood is that he sounds very grateful for what his parents did and the hard choice they had to make about moving to .
the butterflies are handled very carefully as their colours easily rubbed off.
lastly, people tend rely on computers too much.
the reason i think that they should stay on the shelf is because it might interest some of the people that read them.
that world is not a world i want to live in.
you will get a the .
i have to disagree with the supporters of technology.
but a parent might get upset that their child is hearing, reading, or even seeing these things and might band it from the library.
it is never the parents fault.
in the story it says she gets shaky when she tries to say at home.
everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people.
these are not only experiences but things to ponder upon, and losing these factors in life would be a horrible mistake.
she wants to be able to handle the loss better.
some people say that computers are a bad influence on .
i jumped down.
are you good at sports but would like to be even better?
lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society.
well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make!
when people get computers they spend more time inside and on them.
the result of the school is always good.
a musician is not just payed for his or her amazing skills with an instrument, but also with his or her way to connect with the listener.
that is why i do not believe in censorship in libraries nor bookstores
the author is also trying to create a comforting mood.
her handwriting is terrible so her teacher will not be able to score it.
but i could read any book i wanted to.
people want to be able to do more than just talk.
however, none or which help these people get or stay healthy and in shape.
the obvious answer is bad effect.
they agreed that if she were just a little older then she could of borrowed .
i stated all of my reasons why i support advances in technology.
all these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
if a young adult or a child reads or watches a movie that is raciest, it teaches them bad things.
finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies.
this shows that they care for one another contributes to the mood by showing love and warmth towards another person.
sure, it is still okay to surf the web.
having differently finding specific information?
my opinion is no, actually heck no!
example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the so they communicate from the computer.
she decided once the hibiscus came out of hibernation, and was ready to bloom, she would be ready to accept her new country and move on.
almost everything you can get stuff out of store because they have online store to mail to you.
the mood that was created by the other was happy.
another reason will have to be that if a kid or someone under age rents a movie or there parents rent the movie.
he explained a little about his parents when the first came here to .
caused me to lough.
those certain books are written for people with those kinds of interests.
books removed from shelves?
they struggled both personally and financially, braving the harsh northern winters while yearning for their native tropics and facing cultural hardships.
a good example of this is the popular internet video site, .
for example football keeps your legs strong and built.
he was also happy because his house was not just a house it was a home.
that my give you a virus.
you answered yes to at least one of these questions, there is a good chance you have used a computer in your lifetime.
books and magazines should be allowed in the public library even if they feel offended.
there is an obvious pattern.
the social networking groups are for abilities to talk to friends, long distance or close and family enjoy research.
this happens to many people in their sports.
books, movies, and music were created for a reason.
the author has a sort of negative, sarcastic tone at this point.
why do people go to libraries?
computers have a negative effect on people.
also you take your car and go out into a morning drive feel the breeze.
there are words spoken that will offend many!
i believe censorship should be illegal not required.
if you ask me, there are a lot more offensive things on the then there are in books.
if you think that something is too bad for eyes of other people then so be it.
in the essay rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit time setting very much affects the cyclist during the story.
movies rated above the level are most of the time not held in libraries.
they show the results or how the situation was handled.
t that could be offensive to anyone particular.
religion is shown in these four types of form in these objects.
i think libraries should have a different section for older, more mature people; not including children.
for example, about a month ago my back was really bothering me.
without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences.
to some, having this much freedom causes great things to happen.
what if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject?
they cost a lot of money.
computers are extremely distracting.
we have the choice on whether or not we check out a book that might offend us or not.
this polluted air makes us fall ill.
mr. joseph was up, mother offered him tea.
but it is the misuse of time.
he loves me too.
for example, the family and life and even if you miss them.
people can stay away from those areas that they find offensive.
books are meant for learning and for pleasure not to try to offend anyone.
we must take a stand and alter statistics for the better.
a book is a form of speech.
for example, we always talk about sports we are involved with during that time of year.
these are features that had an affect on the cyclist.
the cyclist was running out of water quickly and there was nowhere close to get more.
please let people be who they want to be!
could this be the cause of obesity in ?
if movies are just laying on the on the shelf or around the house.
have you ever read or seen something that u took offense to you or others?
although this is true, i believe that there are many more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries.
it happens every day, every place.
in conclusion, the author depicts a mood with distinct traits.
on a computer you can find great things about a place and people.
or do you ever have time to go outside?
he is happy about how they invited many people over for dinner, and because of this they made many friends.
i think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them.
society today has changed the way we once viewed our sources of entertainment.
dear , i have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers.
instead of leaving home they can be cooking, doing yoga, or speaking a new language all from their computer at home.
kids walk in to go buy candy then they go to pay for it and the back wall is full of tobacco products that the kids can see.
every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love & sacrifice.
many people think the book should be censored.
rap is all about who am i going to sleep with next and how many times i can have sex.
as a result, computers are the blame.
computers are useful in school.
this meant that the cyclist could not refill his water and was slowly getting dehydrated.
shows, movies,and music, they all have something not suitable for all audiences.
these are three huge advantages than using computers give people.
the snow melting away represents all the hardship she faced in the previous year.
he talks about his family and when he was a boy and were he grew up.
unless you have the personal censorship on the younger ones.
he should get up early.
into a computer to add beats and different vocals.
the kidnappers, the sellers and the owners who make the kids beg, should be given exemplary punishments.
she went through a lot when she moved, and seemed to have a sense of depression in the story.
from the frying pan to the fire was never truer than in this case.
computers can give you instructions on how to build stuff, step by step instruction to create a work of art.
many libraries contemplate whether or not they should remove an offensive item due to some peoples' opinions.
we helped him to come out of the car.
it does not grow every whereas the mango tree.
many people that i know, have learned how to use the computer or type without anyone telling them hour to do so.
we need pictures, information, and it must be neat.
in my case my mom did not want me to watch anything that was bad.
computers are one of the leading problems with weight and you are and interesting with society when on the computer.
certain material in this world maybe offensive to their own kind.
i think all of these things are offensive.
erasing things from lives,have done no good before.
one of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time.
for example, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
especially on a hot summer day.
in the story the test was if she could overcome her homesickness.
meeting new people, and seeing different places all over.
because of this incredible invention, computers have allowed us to do things that are truly astonishing.
at the sight of all these flowers memories flood back to her, memories that bring her joy and sadness.
ride a bike!
in the news or radio you always hear about some boy getting bullied and stuff at school.
they can not censor things just because some people find them offensive.
there are not for entertainment and things of that nature.
finally, computers have established amazing entertainment for people of all ages.
one of the most common but overlooked examples is the what the loved ones of people who die serving our country go through.
books are not excluded from this rule.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
have you ever thought that some material from the libraries could and have been found offensive and wanted them to be removed from the library?
is entitled as well.
you can also keep in touch with friends.
many would want to take this book off the shelves of all libraries.
some people not find this offensive.
if everybody just relaxed a little and focused on themselves, we would be fine.
taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they cannot wear the clothes they would like, or drive the car they want.
plenty of movies that involve adult content, violence, and drugs have been released into the media.
they take their food and rush to the water taps.
you might end up being lonely.
the first reason i thing that libraries should be censored is because of the children that go there.
ladies in european countries use ostrich feathers for their hats.
you can write a visual letter to one of your friends.
once again i do believe computers can have a positive effect on people.
some people find it so offending that they think they should be able to remove these offending materials off the self.
so instead buying newspapers or magazines most people go online to research current events.
the author chooses to end this story like this for many reasons.
it has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information.
computers discourage exercise cut down the number hours spent bonding with your family and are a waste money and space.
this is just one reason the internet is so useful.
also he did no know where he was going so he had to rely on other people directions.
an ideal citizen does not cheat the government.
if people take out stuff that kids and teens like.
it can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it.
the theme is that one must overcome hardships and seek new beginnings.
finally, the internet helps because you can receive news through it.
therefore, it makes it much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing.
this particular theme is, no matter how hard something might be, you can get through it.
this affected him because he had no water to drink from.
if they bring up a situation then just take it off the shelves so you can stay safe and them as well.
also, these websites cause people to their social skills.
it is hard for kids to understand the realness of life since ever thing is done over the internet now.
the driver of a car lost his balance at a turn.
my second reason why has a negative effect on people is because of online bullying.
but recently, the availability of the book has been questioned.
is a memoir of family memories growing up in an immigrant neighborhood.
if it is offensive in the first place then no one should be forced to read it.
i will tell you once again computers benefits society and do have positive effects.
but do all these & exercise plans really work?
when something gets a bad look sooner or later it will not be there anymore.
putting a book or a magazine about drugs in libraries are not going to make kids or people try drugs.
for example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends.
the cyclist fell down.
i am before you it, or before buying the songs.
there have been many complaints and arguments involving the government regarding acts of censorship throughout the past.
also, the sun beating down on him made his body more warm and making it harder for him to focus on what he was trying to do.
computers are not good toward society.
i feel that he wrote this because of his personal experience and it could relate to others
but its your choice to take that to heart or just laugh about it.
magazines could just be in a library for people to read and relax, and learn something new in the world.
the first reason why is that the person might not come back to that place.
learning is natural to humans yet we always try to fight it.
all in all it seems to be a great waste when censoring books for the public.
computers in total do not have a bad impact on people.
why would you want to try to remove something when it is already known?
my ideas to me are good ideas and i feel like we can put libraries into good use around this county and
making the choice to go into a library is an individuals decision.
the rough terrain and snake and two factors in his trip that just helped make his journey even more cruel.
he can not spend much money for medical or engineering courses.
she could look to the plant for inspiration.
a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
on the other hand, the computer can come with much use.
one way the setting affected the cyclist way when it got hot and the rider was running out of water.
the setting makes it hard for the author to maneuver and get to where he wants to go.
computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us.
his lack of water eventually leads to dehydration and he become uneasy about things.
computers are used for everyday needs such as finding out information.
even his meaningless chatter is a source of joy.
also, you can order anything in the world online.
it is all a part of growing up.
so i think that there needs to be more careful eyes in the library staff to make sure that those kind of things will never happen again.
he kept trying over and over again and never gave up.
in the story, the cyclist is greatly affected by the features of the setting.
instead of watching the games or the scores they should get out and play the game.
let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world.
i feel that the offensiveness in books, music, movies, and magazines are all based on personal opinions and that they should never be removed from libraries.
the tumbleweeds that cross his path add to the desperation.
he believed himself that he can be alive.
also allows for people to ask questions.
every book, music or movie will be offensive to some other person and if we take all the offensive stuff out there will be nothing left to read.
if were to refrain from listening when being spoken to, it would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker.
the building is an abandoned grape juice factory, which is ironic considering the state the cyclist is in.
my second reason why i think the effects of computers is good is because you can contact friends or family that you have not seen in a while.
two computers are good for you.
parents have always stopped their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies.
technology is all around us.
there are so many authors whom i like.
it is that easy.
certain books stay on the shelf such as a book.
a child could much more easily go to a computer and find anything offensive they want to find with the click of a button.
you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers.
the internet hold false information and can be a waste peoples time.
what ever happened to spending time with family and friends?
when i was in that movie i was laughing so hard i almost peed myself.
there are thousands of books in libraries now a days, some are from years ago.
you can chat with your friends, you have a webcam you can video chat with friends.
i can go onto webcam to see who i am talking to or i can go onto another website to get an instant message.
thank you for your time.
then just ignore it and go on.
lastly, i think the computer has a negative effect because it them.
it shows that people should not give up because even though she failed her test then she will try again later to pass it.
either way there is always going to be something that someone finds offensive.
i have never liked, the job of physician, engineering is greek to me.
people need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people.
i think instead of trying to deny teenagers the music the parents should explain why and let them make the decision.
many products are sold through the computer.
and this will cause a lot less chaos and attention to be drawn to yourself and others around you.
they had left their whole family behind.
if a you look back to the times before computers, you will notice that you will rarely see an overweight child.
how would i study?
in my opinion this would be a great idea to be done and should be done.
he is very tall and the most beautiful one in the stable.
you can easily just text her from the computer.
so whatever a kid reads or watches will probably be the same.
you can learn about the history of presidents, countries, important people music,etc.
on average it takes seconds to find information.
instead of banning the books or complaining about it them, people could try a rating system for books.
the idea of taking a book off the shelf is a bad because people want to read books like that.
therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society.
if content in a library is considered offensive, should still remain on the shelf regardless.
some people like the content it shows.
in conclusion, one can say library censorship is a matter of opinion.
parents today are not as in sync with what their children do as they were in recent years.
i believe the current way materials are censored and removed works, and should continue.
next he writes about how they regularly had large dinners where they invited neighbors.
it can do good things like hide actual sexual interactions from children, which should be hid from children anyways.
i think some people just get offended too easily.
studies show that of the kids who use his or her computer for more than hours a day is obese.
well it is because has a big role in our lives.
if something is typed into , results will pop up within seconds.
finally the hills caused him to exact more energy furthermore making him more and more dehydrated.
i took the idea of waiting this letter.
as you can see the setting has a very strong affect on the cyclist.
and movies right from your computer.
this shows that there was nobody around to help him and he knew it.
whether it is because it helps people get their work done.
some people enjoy reading and listening to that kind of music.
they can learn from a new point of view.
like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else.
she first has to grow and adapt to the new surroundings.
does that give me the right to take it off of the shelf and demand that it be banned?
he ends up drinking all of the water he has, and needing to stop for some more.
dear local newspaper, a society we have come very for regarding advancements and inventions.
this shows how she is adapting and is now enjoying her new life.
she will feel ready to take her test again when they came back.
this shows the reader that no house is a home without happy memories and great lessons learned.
then it disrupts that persons study.
take a stand, and do is best.
this device has allowed people do buy things online, talk to people online, and also provides entertainment for some people.
the subject of censorship in libraries has been brought upon many times.
how could you resist those temptations?
if the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves they might end up in a law suit.
here he begins to lose hope, and is disappointed when he seem the town he hoped to find is an abandoned juice factory.
when seeing the familiar plant.
a and final reason i think it is a happy mood is because of the way he speaks of his family.
also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country.
to learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work.
one book about !
com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework.
some restrict their child from such material, but i would call that depriving a child of there freedom.
i personally do not think that anybody should be punished for what is being put on the library shelves, stores, like music for instance.
you are able to talk to people from different countries.
some have different opinions then others on a certain item in the library which will lead to argument and possible violence.
we learn how music was in the and compare it to music now.
this is the reason why i picked those two mood in the memoir!
the problem is there are millions of children like who are not getting enough exercise instead opting.
some do not believe that is an opinion.
to me i think every thing should stay.
this quote is saying she will rise to her challenge, and overcome it.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
does everyone think the same material is offensive?
that is why i think that books need to get into the right hands and not into kids hands.
some people believe that a movie or song needs to be removed, but others disagree, and nobody wants the things they enjoy to be taken away.
additionally, people are able to shop online.
if does work men went them to do.
also, the terrain of which he is riding is rough which causes him to lose energy.
last reason why i that we should use computer is because sometimes have to go on the for example you had important message the website and you message you.
its not like your going to stop your son from looking at a .
no one can say for sure that censorship is completely needed or .
he was becoming very dehydrated going through hilly areas with little to no water.
it is great.
my pet is a cat.
libraries carry many different kinds of books.
any place you want is at your.
so i think that people should keep using their computers but just make sure they fit everything else into it each day.
most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer.
it can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for an extended amount of time than they should.
the plant is not in its native home, faces many difficulties; the cold its small pot, and even its general surrounding.
he was in the desert and anything could happen.
in order to get the next town he must encounter some precarious situations including some changes in terrain.
the situation would have been different if it were anywhere else.
it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
once again he begins to feel hopeless, but then turns his angst into determination to finish his journey.
also could not think for themselves because the censored everything you could think of.
from lack of water because the terrain had altered his water into a far like substance the setting of the story was cruel to the cyclist.
based on the memoir the mood created by the author in the memoir was filled with lots of love and satisfaction.
does that sound fair to you?
whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes strain to keep up with a small font on a website.
i feel like once you become a parent you automatically think your smarter than a kid but yet kids are pretty darn smart.
it is also a great source of distance teaching and collage transmissions.
the mood could also be grateful because he was grateful for many things that his parents did for him such as pass down the love of culinary.
we should make a thorough study before starting a business.
if some materials were removed from public libraries due to censorship, people would only be able to find it online or in certain stores.
we still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity.
because of the great variety of opinions and concept of respect, everyone must be heard.
also you can video chat which allows you to directly see somebody and actually talk to them physically.
a lot of the people in underdeveloped countries go with their starving cries unheard.
second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising.
should not be taken off shelves.
saying that the material is unsuitable for a younger age group is correct, but at that age the children should be with adult when checking out books anyway.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she will not stop trying and one day she will pass that test.
also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper.
books must be read, we must give our consent to their knowledge.
the new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, they do have negative effects.
computers have flaws, but they also have so positive effects too that i think they shine over all the tiny flaws.
he is in a hot place similar to a desert.
this is where my next thought comes in.
then you can look up another place online that has the same features but it be way closer then going to each year.
i think that computers does have a positive effect on adults and their children.
we all have to have some way to express ourselves and maybe the thing you find offensive, expresses some one else in some way.
i have never in my years of seen a book or heard of someone who saw a book that offended them.
books on and , .
the ending of a story helps determine the meaning of the story.
so many communicating things make computers even better.
there should be sections, children, teens, and adults.
because of them lived a life filled with happiness and love.
for those reasons materials should not be removed.
the things that should be censored are a very small percentage and it is not worth the risk.
it is now in the hands of the , whether our kids grow up to be the future of , or the joke of .
i wish everyone would do the same.
because it can mess up the way you see this can happen because from u looking at a computer screen all day or eyes can get mess up.
also, she is waiting for the hibiscus plant to bud.
also, they will feel really upset and sometimes can get mad for that.
you could favorite websites to your favorites so you can go to it any time you want to.
firstly, many people can talk long distance with family of friends.
you can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job.
libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them.
all things in the world are not strictly black and white.
maybe it could turn out in a good way but really what are the chances of that billion to a thousand.
also, you can back hotels and look at live pictures with more than just .
growing realization that l could drop from heatstroke this shows that he was tensely aware that he could die from the suns might.
then we saw the tigers in their enclosures.
they are now always inside on their computer.
i think that computers have great affects on people.
to of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there.
people object to children learning some things about history, but i think it is needed for every child to understand.
i no, stupid rules right?
computers do have effect on people.
for example it could mean the test to overcome the sadness of her situation.
computers also allow you to take out anger on ones and zeros.
some of us need those kind of books in order for us to do our research and projects!
the first was the terrain, which started out flat, then turned to hills.
taking things that people like away from someone is wrong and it would be mean to take that away from those who enjoy it.
they have many different subjects math, science, history language and much much more.
he goes jogging every morning and takes me along with him on weekends.
one simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer.
these are just some of the things you can do with computer.
just for the books that contain more adult material and are not suitable for younger readers.
to conclude, although some books are offensive to some people and not to others, we have to be aware of what cause problems to certain people.
my last but not the least reason is kids should be outside playing instead of being on the computer.
they say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker.
the is that people should agree.
as a personal example, i can see that novels and books over war are heavily criticized.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist on how the nature of life he was hydrated or not.
first of all, the weather causes most of his problems.
i spend quite a bit time on the computer, yet i am still a very active person.
he ran into snakes and very deserted country.
not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home!
i believe that censorship is rarely acceptable, and certainly not in libraries, at school or otherwise.
it gives her greater confidence within herself.
she discovers that you will adapt to your surroundings over time.
so, if their parents does not want them reading certain things their should be stickers on their cards.
in the selection do not exceed posted speed limit there are a lot of great details of the area around the cyclist.
communication with people around the world is a huge advantage.
in the story the cyclist is riding a bike for miles.
no one is the same, we all have different likes and interest.
lastly, computers lets us explore new places.
a library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it.
you are you ?
dear local newspaper, personal experience, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
computers can even help get online, tutoring, so you can exercise your brain there also.
these quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit.
so, why get rid of something that they will see anyways?
within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic.
have you ever gone on the computer?
how would you feel if your child fails school, gains weight, or gets kidnapped because of the computer?
what would you do?
there are groups who both support and challenge these ideas of censoring books and other media from our children.
but with determination,you can accomplish anything!
he also talked about how the road was rough.
you could take any famous work and someone could be offended it because it displays something contrary to their beliefs.
there were vendors selling balloons, caps, eatables and lot of other things.
all kinds of people buy things that they like.
this setting affected the character mood.
computers have a positive effect on people because it helps learn about places, talk to their family, and keep track of their job.
also, instead of removing the materials completely, why not remake them into a more suitable manner to where they are less offensive.
this means that he was partially all by himself and he had no one to go to.
the mood is a very happy one.
pay bills for long distance calling.
those are some features of the setting that affected the cyclist on his journey.
sometimes the articles in books are old and.
knowledge is all around us.
this shows that she really missed her home, and she had nothing to give her confidence.
note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz.
having a computer also helps people in need and also inform people about far away places in the the world.
so when he got to the old pump hot dirty water came out.
just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all.
many adults in the society blame it on peer pressure; but where do the peers get the idea that is acceptable?
the mood is positive and keeps the reader interested and involved.
censorship in a way stops the flow of what people learn.
as soon as i return home, it wags its tail to welcome me.
in many cases the censorship of what many would agree as not suitable material for anyone to create and enjoy.
i know i !
books can help a child overcome poverty, mental challenges, and violence everyday.
as adults, you should know how much obesity matters.
first, reason for agreeing is because some books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
although his situation was somewhat unbearable he still kept striving on.
i hope you read this with my regards.
in this context hopefully i will be able to enlighten you on the subject, also with the questions of ' us?
kids are failing to do their homework because they are always on the computer when they get home.
this is where the conflict begins.
and how it is.
this is why people should agree that advance in technology.
it maybe crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie, but it could happen.
if some find it offensive then no one can read it how is that fair to the people who do enjoy it?
for example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on.
also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can make the lab report better!
gives me a way to talk to, photos with and leave videos for my friends.
since humankind has had writing we became more intelligent, taking books off all of the shelves would revert us to primitive beings.
a teacher once told me that i would not ever achieve my career, because i had piercings.
in conclusion, i think that this could go both ways.
while many of the ideas contained within the book are horribly offensive, it still should not be censored.
the heat made his dehydration situation much worse.
was always happy because he was always a part of a family.
now your not working out and you just keep eating.
i at once rushed outside.
finally they spend less and less time with their family and being active.
the lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there.
first off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already.
media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do.
whenever i saw his face, i knew that everything was okay.
the mood created by the memoir is shown by many things.
they still cant tell whats real and whats not.
i must admit, i am not an avid reader on my own.
so, i hope that while you read through this letter, you take some of this information into consideration.
the computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy.
without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world.
not to mention, computers cost way too much money.
third, his water bottle is emptying at an alarming late due to his third and relentless heat.
my final reason is the entertainment computer provide you can play games, watch movies or homemade videos, and even talk to friends.
second, the help people talk to friends and family using .
so many uses for the computer.
books that are offensive should be supervised as to who gets to view them.
they can take massive amounts of energy to climb.
censorship in libraries is something good to have and something bad to have.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
one subject the censorship of library content in certain places and times, whether fictional or not, to his or her own opinion.
quote is a perfect example of the minds of the world today.
so in the ride he struggled more than he thought he could.
computers can be very helpful when comes to student school work.
they are easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, and even learn by going to an online school or college they offer.
they also hold your information.
punctuality is a must for anyone who wants to save his time.
taking it off the shelves for kids is what i think is the right thing to do but not adults.
yes, i agree with the concern that expert have.
in strong opinion computers are better for the world.
if someone does find an item offensive though, they should be able to request that a label be put on the item to further warn other readers.
you are with your family but they are not your blood family.
i think things should have to be very offensive to pull them off the shelves.
first was they can teach kids bad thing.
i think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things.
she is so focused on the computer screen then what is going on around her.
not believing in yourself is the hardest thing to overcome.
i like things that some people might not like, that is just how human nature is
you can use it to find info.
animals can get in the way like this snake did for the cyclist.
then the terrain in changes when he says flat road was replaced
the cyclist states, i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state (rough road ahead).
struggle for him was crossing the path of a ridiculously large snake and trying to keep his balance in his dehydrates state.
my freshman year we read and .
the flood of memories that came back to her when she purchases the hibiscus, are obviously painful and part of her everyday life.
also some of the music that is on shelf should be remove from all store.
on this day, they give bathto bulls and cows.
that was difficult for them, but appreciated that.
he thinks that family and friends are important too.
it makes fun of people who are unique in their own way.
computers are very helpful at learning new things.
in this case it would seem as if the library not having one thing because of something offensive, could cause a big catastrophe.
no, i would not think it would be the right thing to do.
our children are the most important things to us.
you can talk to each other.
weeds crossed my path and a ridiculously large snake.
one of the best ways are on the computer.
at this moment many sexual subjects are quite offensive to many and are viewed unacceptable to the younger generation.
i think that censorship deals with an age group and the permission of the parent(s) or guardian(s).
but when it does come to the pornography that should not be exposed in a public place such as a library.
certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy.
lets use music for example, some music is nothing but screaming and cursing.
i loved each moment of it.
that is my personal opinion many others have different opinions on this subject but i just think every thing should just stay on the shelves.
company designs software and uses computers .
the mood of the memoir is nostalgic and happiness.
so how can we help to solve this problem?
dear local newspaper, it has been brought to my attention that why on a nice sunny day like this somebody would want to be inside.
some book that get removed could insult a group of people because it related in some way to them.
i do believe they are very handy.
keeping these stereotypes and harmful sayings off library shelves is a great business choice and will keep all customers happy.
it is a bright object in the sky.
it also make our work neater.
there for if the consumer takes it off the shelf, its there risk of being offended.
if we made the change the age limited on movie we might be even better off .
the world might not be ready for change, but it needs it.
in this memoir, the mood is very pleasant and makes you think of childhood memories.
but now if something is found to be offensive in any way it is essentially burned.
technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations.
for example, toddlers and children can use programs such as ().
there for they cannot blame the place the material was at.
so in conclusion the should have know right to censorship books, movies, magazines, music, or any other item they have.
paints a picture of a home filled with love.
whether it or , or whether its or all are a great way to communicate with people.
there were not many structures on the way.
technology is advancing every day.
my third reason is children should be outside playing and exercising.
but your cant get a new family.
i just think it personal wrong to say those kind of things in movies.
the visit was an unforgettable experience.
secondly, i would talk about people who talk online way too much.
in conclusion, i remember talking and laughing with my friends over the computer when sick so that could cheer me up.
for example, say one library have action but not thriller while another library has thriller but not action.
i remember when i was younger i would love to learn about the .
these sites give people a chance to find with old friends.
now with a computer they will have no issue doing that.
they have improved our society.
this section could be as simple a separate shelf, or could go to the extreme of a separate room or area closed in by a curtain.
i strongly urge you to consider my opinion on the benefits of modern technology and think of all the people computers have helped.
this is one reason why i think that computer have a positive effect on people.
at the first town he noticed a water pump, but all he could get of it was sludge and water that tasted like battery acid.
a clear and complete access to all information, how can one make any valid conclusion about anything?
all had to focus on was accomplishing his task.
in conclusion, the books should stay on the shelves.
is playing that online game so important, to you that its worth your life?
it’s difficult to find a house without a cat.
i think computers effect people in a positive way by helping them in positive ways.
he never used a computer.
for example, suppose a few people loved the series but another person who read it later found it offensive and had it censored.
the internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented.
reading these books, and listening to this kind of music, and watching these kinds of movies, takes a whole different point of view.
i do not believe that anything that contains certain contents should be removed from the shelves.
now say you came back and attack the problem again.
this is why i think that the censorship can be good and bad.
that is why i think that computer can answer your questions.
i like books better then internet myself.
this is the same for the books that are on library shelves.
there are many forms of music.
when it comes to offensive material, i think that should not be taken off the shelf but put into a different place in the library.
one topic that seems to get everyone going is censorship.
in conclusion everything in the library should be censored.
overall, censoring libraries ends up being more pain than it worth.
a library could not provide works that challenge and stretch individual beliefs if someone was offended by the means by which the stretching occurred.
those children then start to ask other adults and children.
but, there will always be a crowd it appeals to.
that would be why there is such thing as sections in libraries.
people that spend to much time on the computer do not have time to interact with family or friends.
the reader is aware that there are many conflicts which one can encounter while cycling.
that changes the effect because by saying that it will show how tired he is going to be or the work trying to make it over the hills.
i tell him to pick a book and come on.
do you believe in hiding books and movies that are over ?
these were just a few examples about how the computer has an effect on people.
who knows, it takes a little bit for a squad car to get around, even longer if your in a city.
i say this because computers can sometimes get addicting.
including, help with the children, help with cooking, with organizing, anything!
using the computer is like smoking.
even better to a family member.
as he began his journey, he had full confidence in the directions given given to him by the old men.
it is said that more one million people and up use there computer more than once a day.
the hibiscus is budding represents growth.
the game starts with a bully-off at the center between the center-forwards of the rival teams.
as if a person that was a cook might not find a book about athletics too appealing either.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
the whole story is filled with events like the three above that lead the determination, so its fitting to conclude the story with her determination of it.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that computers do not benefit society.
they even have grocery shopping online.
kids would read anything now because of those kind of things.
some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences.
from then on i typed like that.
the have different website that play video of things that are funny.
children do need to be experiencing, learning about, or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries.
whether it be children, teens, adults, or elders, some things are inappropriate and should not be accessible to certain people.
not all the people in the world have the same idea of what is a offensive book, magazine, movies, music, etc.
offensive books to them, such as parents or maybe even friends, they can teach a child wrong, and that child not learn the right way.
the temperature was very high and the cyclist did not have much water left.
by stuttering that shows she was upset.
i have read some books outside of my school library that i think should not be found on a library shelf.
culture would slowly wither and die, and our lives would become drab and essentially useless, for lack of a better term.
how about old friends that moved away.
that she could just walk knowing that somewhere out there in the world that her father would be waiting for her.
ever been depressed than taken a long nature walk, and felt great?
i showed to her just like any other time we had gone to the library.
a cat is also known to be the best pet.
i do think the books should be removed from the shelves, but put somewhere else where a child could find it.
computers are a great way to use in communication.
parents should not have to worry about their kids seeing inappropriate pictures or text.
later, this food returns to the camel’s mouth and the camel chews it again.
offensive books not being put on shelves will hopefully create a healthful environment for appropriate behavior.
it can also show us the lives about people from the past.
but sometimes people take advantage over it.
lastly you basically do anything on a computer.
, who had just moved to my school, looked bold and confident.
with all the computer games that they have for young kids it is improving kids hand eye coordination.
this is a .
therefore, the author chose to end the story with this paragraph for several reasons.
government has to keep an eye on the unemployed and to keep their numbers down.
this helps because people talking to other people online can beast there their morale.
it took her a lot to move to but was glad did.
one of my personal experiences is that i love music, so do my two best friends.
the offensive part out of the book helped myself relives a new understanding.
also, computers make life a whole lot easier.
computers also can provide fun games and entertain users.
and nothing in the memoir said anything about struggling.
for example, their are a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers.
they most likely have to have those materials on the shelve because that is whats required of them.
this lack of water and scorching heat made him travel slow and wearily.
on the computer you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything.
those are the noises of pinball on my computer.
of population teenagers have , and chat.
my first reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide.
despite limiting exercise, they encourage learning, and the exercise of the brain.
censorship should be only for the youth as an adult you are open to everything.
how does she feel about it?
also what a lot of people like about computers is the games.
the people who have computer electric bill is always very high and for reason they are forced to pay or more dollars on electricity.
this can be a big problem.
i would have, by that time been exasperated and brushed them away.
i see many worse things on the than i read in books.
if the average person tried!
revoking the rights to the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away an intellectual culture that is conveyed.
this supports the mood of the memoir because the authors appreciative of the atmosphere of the place that he grew up in.
for example in the article she gets shaky because she cant say home because she misses it too much.
finally, freedom.
with the new year in offing, christmas sets in high spirits for the festive mood.
with more and more people using computers.
it is a very bad thing to have at a public place, and that should not be aloud.
many believe in the idea of censorship because it will protect their children and allow them to remain innocent and morally upright.
now a days, people literally worship the computer like it is a .
also, many thing require a computer.
in the essay the cyclist is riding in the desert.
some things are needed to look up or look at if one is doing a project.
in , elementary educators are not required to teach their students to spell, at all.
, you imagine the kids in schools that you yourself run not being able to research on computers?
also can have videos online to show us how to exercise or use yoga.
so the cyclist just keeps on riding until he comes across the bait shop or the first town as he calls it in the essay.
she was bringing up good memories of her past life in her home.
when he pumps out water that tastes like battery acid, his hope once again diminishes.
with students having very little coordination, computer games lowered the to .
also, talking to friends online is fun too.
therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family.
this shows that the girl is adapting to her new country and hopes to do better in the spring.
there are many great uses for a computer.
his spirits finally rise when he finds a store and drinks a good amount of water.
you can clearly see how we are growing less energetic, and much more careless of our time.
people should be able to decide for themselves on what they will or will not buy.
increase tolerance people are.
so i think talk online or using the computer is important.
that is why i think computers benefit us.
we need them to learn about the dangers of alcohol, not how to get drunk and what you do when your drunk.
everyone believes in different things.
so, i ask you to consider the benefits of computers; but also look for the negative effects.
adults are affected just as much and just as easily.
also, another reason why books and other media should not be censored is because people judge almost every little word offensive then.
after all i am the parent right?
the author(s) express what they feel on a given topic.
also, the computer is bad for people because they will be on the internet all night and get no sleep.
censorship in libraries is a big argument today.
if we are to take the books off of the shelves at the libraries what do we do about the bible.
if parents do not want their child to read something then just tell the teacher or child that they cannot read the book.
now, people can think that computers are good for you too.
often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer.
i think this because people use it to research, stay in touch with friends and family, and music.
so if you are ever wondering weather or not to buy a computer i suggest you get one!
i have found that things have been removed from your shelves due to its content.
now, not only did we talk to them, but we also get to see them too.
everyone should have the right to watch, read, or listen to whatever they want.
such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch.
i had no idea that she had cancer.
and lets not forget the internet easy.
this made him dehydrated.
have you ever been looking for a book and not being able to find it?
the mood is love.
this research can be used to write essays in school.
opinions can cause a lot of problems.
as i said before, if they do not like it, then they are not required to look at it.
in some cases, cuss words are good for a story.
that way you can be sure who you are talking to.
people choose how community they exercise, on the computers.
third and last, interact with your family and friends.
they want to fit each magazine personally to each individual.
the movie makes fun of the bad guys.
the brain is like a because you can store information and nobody can hack into it.
before much technology, people used to plant gardens, and trees, but now that thought hardly crosses our minds.
so basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday.
next, there is a lot of offensive things you can find in the library.
cycling in the desert and up down hills made it harder and hotter.
if someone wants a good book,magazine, or movie they should ask suggestions from a friend or family member on what they should get.
i know i .
dear, i strongly believe that computers are great.
when you have to write a research paper?
if a child does something wrong, he is generally excused.
in conclusion, libraries have been around for ever.
it just depends on the subject is about and how inappropriate it is.
dear , you ever wonder who really invented the ice cream cone while standing there licking one?
there is a great noise in the whole building.
this time is very pleasant.
are you a parent that wants to know how their child is doing in school?
the third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want.
if this is such a good environment for teenagers to be then why are they able to download bad music off of the internet?
a lot of these examples can be offensive to anyone or everyone and censorship is a pretty good idea.
computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family.
books should be censored at all.
so the fail is slowing her down.
you socialize with people all across the world through a network.
if you want to know the mother and how to prepare for , just look up and do what you have to.
for example: ' be over there by my clock hanging on the wall i want you to knock it off, so get away from it! '
such was the time of peace there.
for this reason, they should not check them out.
this helps many kids find a good education and adults find a comfortable and happy job.
my mom said that most of her friends chat online with her.
schools are the backbone of society.
i hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society.
now you know why computers help people develop better hand eye coordination.
not all people feel the same way.
good and bad things come from this.
as a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read.
books, music, movies, etc, they all can be found there.
the weather condition of their exaction and the big snake he saw.
what would you do?
one of the things that affect him during the story is that it was a very hot, sun scorching day.
yes you can look us the green spotted tree from on the internet, but its nothing like in nature and is real life.
i would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much.
lastly, the author creates a loving mood.
ever since they were invented, computers have been advanced more and more even years.
also the library should have a section to where only the certain age can read that book.
i surveyed kids and said that computers are there main source of communication.
people want the classic computers, but now they come out with new ones like, touch screen ones.
they left everything behind them.
dear , you know that in every families own a computer?
sat in the place of the boatman and had the joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
without computer technology we would function much differently.
i know not a book, but to the computer.
you can learn about nature, cool websites even history.
if i owned a library, i would be upset if a customer removed a book off a shelf, because they would be interfering with my business.
people depend on computers too much, it can backfire and cause a problem for you.
third of all, if you can chat online with your friends or family!
well i can tell you why.
libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs.
every day in the morning i clean and oil it.
most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online of going all the way to the hotel.
also by saying which is still with me today and i am grateful.
you can learn a lot too.
teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each.
for example, lets say you went on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to go outside and stay fit!
he is feeling optimistic, ready & eager to follow advice of old men.
another example is a sand blasted picture of a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
typing takes to get good at but is very helpful.
i can back that up as well.
so to conclusion everyone has a right to their own opinion, no matter if it is offensive or not.
some people are overweight because they eat and then do not exercise after.
so why try and control us all as one.
they had such fine dishes while i was forced to take bitter pills, milk and a little porridge.
i enjoy reading.
also, some jobs can only be done while online or using a computer.
after a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer.
the reader could infer that this quote means that the girl has memories of home, but they are not the real thing.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
they help people learn new stuff about things and.
this story also gave a warm feeling by the story of his family celebrating together in paragraph seven.
our founding fathers creating amendments for the people.
its also takes you away from family and friends.
he said, this was troubling, it was very hot and he had been drinking his water pretty often.
they have no need for things that are offensive, because rarely something that is offensive, provides information.
others spend it shopping or learning.
lets keep are children and young adults away from violence.
he had once read, that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulate.
such as current events, the history of our nation and how our government works.
ever heard of ?
these are poetry, music, excursions, meeting people and reading thought provoking books and magazines.
was i ever under the influence?
we should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well.
people needs computers to look for a job.
everyone needs to look at both sides of the story.
you never know who is going to look for what your have taken away.
all this would happen because he was on a computers.
these are all changes the author uses to connect to the theme.
this helps people stay connected.
on of all of that, you enjoy by talking to your friends and family.
books are for any reader that decides they want to go to that world.
the rain caused water logging everywhere.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for a couple of different reasons.
the gurus of ancient era are now addressed by ‘sir’ or the last name.
if a book is too explicit for children, simply place the book in another section.
people can go there for many different things.
we will not going to get reed of the books, music, movies, magazines or anything else that we the library has.
then that one special book you wanted to read is now off limits.
soon he drinks most of his water of becomes increasingly tired.
people can learn all of this wonderful and interesting information about things they of never known before.
some people like certain books or media and dislike others.
hence, it is essential to bring an awareness of computers among the common people.
finally, computers help us get work done easier.
just go on your favorite search engine and search your topic.
clearly, the features of the setting did greatly impact the cyclist.
throughout his journey, the protagonist in the story encounters obstacles in the setting.
on your report card?
and i had always walked to my house after school.
some of us carried fruits, some carried cakes, and some carried snacks.
if someone wanted to read a book on the , then that person should be able to go to a library and check the book out.
computers are a fad that will never die out.
computers provide better and faster communication.
then, some people not have the resources available that they need.
but when i am on the computer i can chat with them and have a fun time.
(paragraph ).
also the snow represents a blanked of the past / hard times.
finally in paragraph six, the author sums it up and tells that he will always be grateful for his parents' love and sacrifice.
people work from home all the time.
lastly, the mood is loving because in his home, his parents welcomed anyone who needed help.
when the road get bumpy, he gets tired.
using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer.
i would, we need computer for many things, for example we need computer for communications, we also need them to educate yourself and others.
secondly, i would like to say computers have a great way of creation.
pictures of scientific laboratories where space shuttles are sent to the moon have main component computers.
the cyclist a had rough time.
his hopes start to drop.
all and all, the author created a mood in the memoir.
people can not just take the books out because it offends so many people.
today, thought the number of collectors is somewhat lees,
in my opinion, computers make things easier.
i like reading about anything and everything, so i would love to read things and spark my attention.
by use of the word will, the author shows the girls determination.
love is the mood for many reasons.
movies can help people learn about the real world by seeing how to do those type of things as we get older.
and that brings us to music.
the cyclist was expecting a small town with people in it and some type of good water supply.
the plant represent her home.
computers are also very useful for learning and organizational purposes.
and put garlands of
books offer us as humans so much, from to entertainment to even a form of comfort.
but i think as the story goes on she kind of realizes she can have both, her old and new life.
well that must mean they have internet on their phone.
it is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not.
if a bystander observes a person being abused in a hallway or alley, the bystander just cannot pretend like the incident never happened.
the first step to changing that is to set the standards high.
i do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive.
this way no one will know that they read it.
if every special interest group deems it proper to censor material that is against their interests, there will be no material left.
third, it helps people with school and sometimes work.
this is a great idea!
of people believe is very important did you know that.
kids pay attention to detail really well and something so negative could change the mindset of the child.
they are wrong because the internet will hold that information for as long as it needs to.
in addition jobs have been lost from this had economy.
computer are all the time.
so can we come to an agreement life?
my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends.
well thanks to computers it is as easy as turning on your computer.
this part of his journey affects him the most.
reading is what keeps us strong, entertained, and those who know the past are not likely to repeat it, unless books are gone.
the author was serious to the point where his family had to go through economic and personal problems.
i think censorship in libraries is wrong.
computers are very helpful to us and improves everything about the way we live.
this can not only take up their time outside, but it can ruin their life.
they have the same affect.
it does this with the mouse you have to be very coordinated to be good at the games on the computer.
that is how the setting affects the cyclist.
finally, you use the computer for educational use.
if they do not want to, then they do not have to.
but think are they really helping us?
a concern i have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers.
even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros.
computers are a waste of money.
but with new computers they strive to meet every goal.
music is another item that tends to get censored quite often.
therefore the soldier is also an important person in society.
the cyclist is confident with himself at the beginning but after a few moments he feels really bad, and learns a really good lesson.
they are going to be in their house with no light and no computer cause they have on it to much and did not pay attention was happening.
i would not want anyone to be offended like that.
we need the different opinions in life.
learning benefits a grade in school or in work.
it would be like asking someone to rewind time so that we would not have had slavery, depressions, world wars, and homicides.
typing homework is an easy alternative to handing in messy, unsophisticated work.
and there are three of them: theft, cyberbully, addition.
the hills and rocks would make it much harder to to stay strong and be able to keep riding.
finally, she vows that she will take her drivers test again.
well, the only reason is uncensored books at the library.
not everyone will have the same opinion on matters that hold importance, but that is why the goes around.
the calls of the snow geese were almost familiar to her.
this brings me to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc.
of people who have to much going life believe that they.
overall, i think that talking is the main use for computer.
is an amazing tool.
computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources.
they get sucked in stressed out and stalked.
and what they should know as a young person.
all of a sudden, it becomes dark.
the author made the relationship very close from everywhere.
i think that because throughout the story she is upset and not really liking the change.
at the same time i believe there are ways to limit the times where people would be offended by something.
, well that could also be a reason people want materials removed.
also, at my school you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz.
first, i think computers have a positive effect on people because there are many homework helper websites that struggling students can go on and get tutored.
there are a lot more good than bad things.
they were able to endure their hard times with the faith that this struggle would help lead themselves and their children into better times.
too many books are about drugs, sex, or pregnancy.
your family and friends have always been there for you.
everything i have ever witnessed at the library is for learning and research.
imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online!
the author is showing how the circumstances he is in are taking a toll on him.
she was not happy at all, i had no clue what she was doing.
it is very dangerous.
not only those but, people are still interacting with others.
if someone gets in a fight on the internet that can cause them so much pain to not even talk.
when it comes to looking at magazines, movies, and music i still have the same opinion to a certain aspect.
censored books are just a way to keep the way we live life quiet to some people and never let kids grow up and experience things.
he also told me that the zoo authorities take care of the animals in best possible manner.
now for my third reason.
dark clouds were coming down and covering the blue sky.
communicating with friends is also important and computers offer many different ways of doing it.
libraries have all kinds of information.
it is fascinating to realize that use of the computer can increase your hand eye coordination.
first off, we can benefit from computers because we can learn new things.
computers also help you to work for school.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around.
would you feel if your child wanted to check out a movie there?
kids are faced with issues of right and wrong everyday, and parents should learn to trust that their child is making the right decision.
so many are kidnapped because online chatting.
look at what they have involved into .
this means they will be on them all the time, and never do other things like go outside.
but i am happy that i could learn to ride at last.
this student should have no better source for information than a library.
libraries need to take control of this issue the right way.
most people would say that, meeting people is good because you can have fun talking and getting to know people.
you have no right to take that away from someone.
in paragraph the author talks about the unity and friendship throughout his neighborhood despite the racial differences.
yes, i do think computers are awesome idea.
that is way nothing should be censored
you grow older it becomes more work and with a computer, you will have less weight on your shoulders.
her parents were hardworking and supported her.
do i think objects in the library with offensive details should be cleaned up or taken off the shelves?
when you just want to see someone i'l costs you money to get on a phone .
the meaning of the story is much clear with it as a reader.
if everyone had the right to completely remove one piece of work that displeases them, then no works would remain.
at a movie rental store you would expect to find movies that are adult, but not in a public library.
this started to trouble him.
(i know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer what you can, and cant do, be the boss control.
lastly, computers allow us to internet with friends from our chairs.
they can express their feelings in a way that is amazing.
with little water, it was easier for him to get dehydrated.
my year old niece can read quite well and is very impressionable as are many young children.
the feeling of being passed by the cars makes him determined to continue and finish his journey.
for example my mom runs miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer.
you can live without then very easily, and without them the world would be a better place.
also, the geese move like she did.
one reason is that people can chat with one another.
the geese, which form a distinctive v are becoming familiar to her.
what would be put in there places?
well, if every person had the right to remove something that they disagreed with from the public, there nothing would be left.
but instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while.
days you can talk through the with a person in without needing to go to .
how do we get it out?
we could try to contain them to where only people that would like to see them do.
they are concerned there is way too much computer time.
in libraries there are sections for every age group, specific genre of books, fiction, and non fiction.
they allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize!
a library is meant to be the place where you can go to work in peace and have a helpful resource of educational books.
most of all, computers represent progress and advancement i see no direct harm from computers.
they appear in films and books and now have invaded all walks of life.
just to make the other person feel better?
shopping online is more faster and more quicker than shopping at.
there are many fun and games that help you to be a better and healthier person while still having fun.
he starts out riding on flat ground but then is riding on hills and not so flat terrain.
the setting can sometimes even cause you to lose hope and give up.
the computer can teach people what they will do on their job, and what to expect.
no matter how offensive they are curiosity will bring them back on the shelves.
my third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time.
there are fifty varieties of roses in my garden.
i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas.
computers are amazing and society benefits from them by a lot.
we would have less conflict, less deaths ,and better lives that are enriched, not corrupted , with quality media.
took a poll about how many use the computer to do research and answered that they did.
my other reason was nature.
my love for my subject has inculcated in me the habit of reading.
you can type a paper or news article on the computer.
there was many features that affected the cyclist such as heat and lack of water.
public items such as televisions, radios, magazines, and even books have wriggled their way into our not so perfect world.
even though his parents had no knowledge of the language or culture, they immigrated to make a better life for their children.
we may keep in touch with our friends and relatives through post offices.
another example was when my friend wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from.
i do not agree.
which will enable her to get used to her new home and retake the test.
my second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries.
material such as this should be put away somewhere out of sight, and requested if wanted.
dear , people think that computers are used too much, and are helping people become over weight, and even obese.
you could just look them up online and read them or listen to them off the computer.
computers can be fun and interesting, but, people are spending to much time on the computer.
it will help us out so much for everybody future .
google and is all you need.
i am writing you because i am concerned with the health of the town.
that would be a terrible thing.
all i can do is hope you publish my letter so everyone can see my point of view & make their own decisions.
as a daily newspaper reader, i could not quiet my voice any longer.
censorship in the libraries.
i would rather live life than be on a computer.
instead you should keep working hard until you get it.
computers also help me out with homework.
think about this, maybe you should just have your kid under control and watch what they read.
he learned with his family how to love others and how to respect.
the choice is yours, which side are you on?
it was he who wrote the world famous sherlock holmes detective stories.
the sound of falling rain was pleasing to the ears.
i also love video games.
if the libraries removed everything that could offend someone, they would have no materials left.
if they are not something that the kids should learn about then why put them on the shelves.
the internet offers so much information for people of all ages who want to learn and thrive.
another feature of the setting is the tumbleweed that he crosses other hills, tumbleweeds crossed in path.
there where a computer can help you.
maybe i might want to know when was invented or, if the universe ever stops.
censorship is much needed everywhere, it would help out a lot
this was the same in my experience as the setting affected myself.
libraries should be censored so that way everyone can enjoy themselves.
look at the cover and if it seems appealing, get it.
but if one person complained and the book is no longer there does that mean the libraries are going to be empty for now on.
the mood show that the author had a great childhood and loved his neighborhood very much.
she has slowly gotten used to this new place and recognizes the seasons now as she thinks this last thought.
soon enough, kids are going to think that everything they are seeing and looking at will be okay and soon act upon it.
there are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made.
those who play foul are not allowed to play.
we could use a rating just like movies do.
also it teaches good that you might not have learned anywhere else.
it is a country in that no one really knows much about.
i think so.
some obstacles in the story such as hills, forks in the road, and also rough road.
with this thought i think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all.
kids use the computer in order to do their history projects.
i think you should have to have permission from a parent, or guardian if the material is explicit.
each person is different, and people have all sorts of opinions on books, movies, magazines, music, etc.
every one has the choice.
parents and children can learn about sex whenever they want, but some parents choose to wait.
readers of the , censorship in libraries should never be an issue.
that he almost died most of missed read it.
i think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends.
i thanked her and then completed my work.
but jumping to where he wanted to go led him to dehydration and much more struggle than needed.
the writer or director must be able to create an interesting topic or story line while at the same time keeping it appropriate for most audiences.
nobody stopped that.
theses materials are what keep people connected with each other.
there are some that need to be clean up.
i believe this because.
just hookup your to the computer and instantly say good , or hows it going.
so even know you can communicate with your friends.
people have the right to know everything.
some enjoy a romantic novel that makes your heart skip beats while my prefer the thrill of a horror story.
i believe that if people want to experience it they should be able to without wondering if it will gone the next day.
these choice words used by the author give you a good feeling and put you in a happy mood.
so all this puts affect on him from just whats around him.
on her way home she saw a hibiscus and went to a florist shop to try and buy it.
i think when people listen to the music he or she likes, it defines who they are, it shows what kind of mood there are in.
do computer hurt you fate a you exercise?
as far as movies, they are already rated on a decent scale.
and when you had in you mysteriously find you other paper that you finished and lost and makes you so angry.
he appreciates what his parents have done for him.
determined, new beginning, symbolism each are reasons why i believe the author concluded the story with this paragraph.
he lost almost all hope when he reached an old and destroyed grape juice factory.
for example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish.
also many more jobs want people with computer skills.
do you see why the computers a good way of calming down?
incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone using these websites is free and open to anyone.
thank you and have a nice day.
that is a major part of life.
so he had to work hard from his childhood.
people these days read magazines that can be completely harmless but come with an ad.
i just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in flag.
my third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people.
at a campground in , the setting is calming and relaxing.
today you can try to create a law or bill that make it through the government, now some of them are trying to remove the uncensored material.
the touchy one.
that way there would be no problems.
computers are just another unnecessary thing in life.
however, he found out that there was still people around.
i know i .
no, it not.
although, there were some parts of the book that had me confused.
when the author finds the dilapidated ghost town, he is still high spirited and amused.
he loved where he came from.
fine out where the wall of is.
the settings have a huge affect on the cyclist.
this is showing the readers confidence he has with himself before starting his trip.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by .
as the memoir continues, the mood shifts to how grateful the author feels toward his parents.
people have the right to express themselves.
but soon things change, he experiences new terrain and it becomes much harder.
after failing her test she went too greenery where she saw flowers of her homeland.
so all in all more in likely the book should probably just stay on the shelf.
up until that point, he was all alone, having to deal with his thirst and fatigue on his own.
but why read a book?
it grows in trees.
there are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages.
did i convinced you yet?
face it, everybody needs it!
as i stated in paragraph two that i used to be a user.
with temperatures being high, it is easier to become quickly dehydrated.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him tiered, scared, thirsty and cause him to worry.
examples like finding things out about history.
this can range from exposure to certain movies, music, magazines, books, or to even commercials.
he writes the story with much appreciation of his parents, family, and life, which is very admirable.
the heat of the sun and not much water around is causing the cyclist to worry about his health.
how will anyone see the beautiful sights of the outside world if their eyes are glued to the computer screen?
and then the other old man asked him did he know the best way there.
we need to keep all books in the libraries no matter how explicit they are.
, this quote show of some of the dangers the cyclist encountered.
thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers!
you need to do healthy things to help your body.
to , computers can be both and positive but i chose to look at things through a positive eye and i think you should too.
if they offend me then oh well that is my issue to deal with.
in the quote, the cyclist finally thinks he has found a water pump but he really gets nothing.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
as the cyclist rides to his destination, he encounters obstacles and views his surroundings.
movies are rated based on their content.
lets just say here you went to the library today and you wanted to research a paper on offensive material from the old days.
what does that mean?
i have a pet rabbit.
write to your local newspaper.
the author is very grateful for how his parents gave him a home and taught him what a family really was.
for example, the setting has no thing for miles.
when i clicked on it i was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures.
but, everyone has rights to what they want to know and what they do not want to know.
plus, with , people could look for a book all day, not find it and find out that someone else has it.
censoring is a good and bad thing.
thank you for your time
they can teach us about things.
it is their right to do so.
i know that i think they are a great to we are lucky to have them.
it helps us to know the results of our actions.
he teach others how to live harmless lives.
they also be a role model which is not always good for some people.
less time on computers would also time outdoors.
have you ever imagined a without movies or music to entertain you?
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
and most of all the place he had called home not the space, but everything and everyone him.
some computer games help expand your imagination because when your playing games you think of things that could make the game better.
in you get exercise and can expose the scenery.
video games make you think that is also reason they are good.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on peoples' lives.
there are hundreds of really phenomenal books out there that would be banned, and future people would not be able to enjoy them.
all of these would affect the cyclist because it would wear & fear on his physical & mental strengths.
no, it should not be removed.
my mom is always on face book and i hate it i figure she loves the computer more then do you want your kids to think that about you?
you can learn about new things like people and places far away.
so keeping them in shelves could help our future.
when people are on the computer they end up ignoring nature.
this is because of all the friends, family, and celebration.
has the opportunity to be born in and having a better life.
he is also thinking to himself that he will die out of here.
the nation owns accounts on socializing websites, and the nation says their friend groups have expanded to the groups (according to a poll taken).
the internet is the best way to contact those people.
my favorite place to go is northern in .
books are most commonly used in the library.
this test meant more to then she just failing.
because this man is very rich, he has lots of material wealth.
they should have a different store for certain books.
guaranteed, years from now we will still be using computers they are probably talking to friends, doing research on something or are typing up something for .
they help many people in different ways, like the , teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life.
by tossing out certain literary works this right will be thrown to the side and by violating one constitutional right, what will come next?
although communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should make plans with their family and friends.
the author concludes the story with that like, to leave the reader guessing.
finally, a computer is help when it comes to school or work.
if a few people start censoring books then it will set off a chain reaction.
to me she sounds like a brand new person.
not the kind that we wish to see but the kind we need to see.
however, in the case of a school library, all the books of course should be age appropriate.
unlike books, which you must find and buy, there is an enormous amount of information just a mouse click away!
well the had to choose a side and the side that they have chosen that computer have a positive affect on people.
also, the hot air can dehydrate him, which can cause him to pass out.
being exposed to these computers are helpful.
books provide facts and more reliable information than what you can hear from people.
the author just loves to write and should not have to think of all the concerns that they should just not worry about.
they wear new clothes too.
obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes.
literature in every form a great way of learning.
this applies to the maturity of the reader as well.
another thing that caught my eye was when the author repeatedly kept on saying the same offensive language over and over again.
the sections that they find harmful information should be closed to young children.
people should not be shielded from the real aspects of life.
your family and friends last longer than that.
to take advice from strangers and better yet he should use it.
why do people think it is such a big deal to be able to check out books, magazines, music, and movies from the library?
lastly you will eventually want to go outside after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world.
movies that can show these things but also teach how incredibly horrible these things are at the same time.
in this case, people would not come to the library anymore because they cannot read what they enjoy reading or find interesting.
so i think that she is saying that she is not ready for the test and when she does get ready then that is when she will take it.
but censorship wants to take this all away from us in order to please everyone.
certain materials that are not appropriate for people of all ages should be placed high up, or in their own area where not everyone is aloud at.
many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with.
he has to maintain law and order.
there are a variety of computer games.
it rained continuously for two hours.
if kids were reading books that the author found offensive, they should get rid of them.
i would have friendly relations with the members of my staff.
some people go to a library to use the computer for a project, or to check out books, musical materials, movies, etc.
i myself would think that teenagers above the age of would understand the meaning of being mature.
other movies should be put on display for kids to rent though.
her old life is represented by the hibiscus; she used to the constants from back home.
miles later comes top a fork in road with rusty water pumps and a ran down car all that makes him less confidence in water level.
one out of every teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face.
it can be a novel, .
computers make writing an essay really easy.
everybody could use a laugh every once and a while.
he dusts the principal’s office and the staff room.
if everyone read the same books, listened to the same music, and watched the same movies, then we could have a very boring culture.
can be found offensive.
lastly, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.
he gives us moral lessons.
but there are some big downsides to this box of information.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very sad, loving, caring.
some media and literature has passed this point and it should not be allowed on shelves.
happy is one of the moods because there are many happy memories in the memoir.
hes riding on hills, which makes it even harder.
as the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, i think it has a extremely positive effect on people.
he felted loved because his parents sacrifice for him.
when i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of , while learning at the same time!
do you want your child to be the outsider?
censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though.
you can make a difference in the way people feel about computers.
there are many historical works that contain offensive images and content, but people have to overlook this because these books are accounts of our history.
what harm could it cause to see it now.
those with the moods of the story
get up and prevent the negative effects of computers.
there are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate at anytime.
a person not only has the right to the best education one can receive, they also have the right to read whatever they want.
you can learn about many different cultures.
you should agree.
so much information and so much faster.
also, you probably will need a computer in college.
they make his journey seem hopeless.
this is how the computer can help you research any topic.
there are even movies that are like those books.
, about what your to do.
the libraries should have labels on every section to let people know what type of material it is.
this not a good way to spend time.
finally, computers can be very dangerous.
before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for.
these technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well need in any given situation.
what if at you job you need the internet.
in my opinion i think that this idea could help out our youth and there parents make better choices in the content they are submitting themselves to.
that contain offensive material from the shelves.
these books are appropriate for young minds and have no offensive material.
should certain materials in libraries be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
new, some people think that all kids are going to do is sit in front of the computer and play games.
many people throughout the world have different tastes of what they like in a book.
toward the beginning of the story the author sounds discouraged and upset that she failed her test.
how can it?
in conclusion there where many different moods in this story.
computers are being used for more then just work.
we all sang songs of joy.
any materials that are found offensive should be placed in a special section of the adult area and customers should be warned in some way.
computers let you do so much to stay entertained over long rides or even rides.
i understand that there is reasons why some books are taken out of the library because of some sexual content.
watching videos or tweeting a friends.
if i had found something that i disagreed with i would not read it or just think nothing of it.
depriving them of actual history?
the flower reminds her of home but it also gives her inspiration.
the author shows his love also for his neighbors and neighborhood, even though the was very racist they still came together like a family ( ).
i would read all of them this year.
in the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material.
people can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things.
whenever we have any problem, she comes to our help.
just because i or any one else finds them offensive
reasons are that they can educate , they make things easy, they are enjoyable.
our kids will decide if they are mature enough to watch something we would rather them not watch.
all this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future.
the other day, my friends and i wanted to go see a new movie that just came out.
everyone was in harmony with his neighbour.
this paragraph talks about over coming obstacles and is telling the reader to try again.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show the importance of new beginnings and to accentuate the theme in the story.
she states that, in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
it is the duty of the library to keep the freedoms of the people and provide them with the entertainment that they want.
what is censorship?
i say if someone spends there time and effort then it should be allowed for those who do enjoy it.
this lonely scenery takes it if full on the cyclist.
i thinks that the author concludes the story with the given paragraph to show that she is similar to the hibiscus and geese.
someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them.
in this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature.
it is not a place for violence, so quit with it, go for a safer environment.
it is the responsibility of the library employees to put these offensive materials in the adult reading section of the building.
the word conformism means to all become one; to conform.
there should be no reason that one person or persons should try taking something off of a shelf at a library just because they find it offensive.
children have a tendency of showing off to friends.
when someone spends months or even years on writing a story, they hope that they can get it published and be rewarded for their long, hard work.
he almost collapsed because he is so thirsty.
not only this you family.
a lot of might get offended by all the racial slurs about .
that he was thirsty and had holes.
all books are worth something toward anything like careers, and being able to learn new things.
statistics show that around of children under years of age are obese.
some people like to see new and beautiful places.
he is very kind and honest person.
furthermore, you should have your time for on the computer and exercising.
but how will we be able to do that if we only email and ?
smell nice out to day.
the amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years.
as the cyclist begins his journey, he is confident & exited to have been offered new directions from some old wise men which promise a shortcut.
computers are helpful on finding information, making your work less difficult.
my second example is the effect of the computer.
movies guidelines are along the same pattern.
in my mind, everything could possibly be offensive to someone.
this causes the internet addicted person to lose relationships with their family and friends.
learning from books, music, movies, and magazines is good in a way.
so get off your butt and go outside.
teachers are known to be the second parents.
and at first they struggled but they knew that there was hope and happiness in the near future.
by keeping a student away from a book or subject, the person causing the censorship is limiting what that student can learn.
they can tell you anything!
as , a writer for the .
this goes for literary items too.
what i think about all of this?
each generation of men dies but its thoughts and knowledge that pass from age to age and faithfully kept.
sensed that i had no clue was talking about so continued.
you also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or.
this is because everyone has different views on everything.
for example, all kids media should be in one section and all adult media should be in another section.
you can, in less than one minute go on the internet type in to whatever movie or book you want and start watching instantly.
chatting is the number one thing kids, adults , and teenagers do.
positive side music and movie has a way for some that comfort while having a good book at hand.
hate sites that encourage terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web.
any one person can simply send an email by a click of a button.
she is also sad because she failed her driving test.
turn off the television if the program bothers you.
the author concludes the story, winter hibiscus, with this paragraph of the story, for several relevant reasons.
like in the end it says i will take that test again.
he was crying for help.
all these things make up peoples lives.
books open a new world to everyone and should not be taken away.
if books were to be taken of the shelves, we would only be depriving our youth of knowledge in the world.
that’s why we consider them as a visible god.
you can tell at first the mother is disappointed & then as they talk the are planting which eases the mood.
first, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways.
for example, they could need directions or some ones phone number or answers.
it helped people learn more information, communicate with people, and invent more technology.
they do not play or buy anything from the canteen.
most of this is intended for a general audience and many people can read or watch whatever they want.
what we have to realize is that everyone views things in different ways.
can make a change.
he stopped there and finally got a well deserved drink of water to settle his dehydration and fear.
in some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills.
i also believe that if its helping you learn then it should stay on the shelf.
i also believe that using ' offensive' remarks, just another part of our history.
we spend most of our time with our family and friends so we want a little bit of time to ourselves.
as far as music, movies, and magazines go that could be a different story.
if you send by mail, take at least days.
it was this melting pot of people and his parents hard work that shaped who he is today.
he is doubtful that he will make is journey because he is dehydrated and dizzy.
if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy.
in exercising while making on ???.
with a computer you can learn about space and stars and planets.
nowadays, people are spending less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouched on the couch with a laptop.
he plows the fields.
sure they might be on hours in a day but they do other stuff in between like school, meals and activities.
all they want to do is go on the computer.
they are big helpers.
i would get so mad, i would put the book down and walk away.
one you can use them for almost everything.
i am sure people would find my choice of books offensive or bad and would like to remove them from shelves.
if someone finds it offensive then they should quite simply not read it.
computers is one of the technology that helps people.
but, if kids are introduced early, we would not have to keep it a secret anymore.
it also make the person feel violated and offended.
if there is an who thinks that something is offensive they have the right to talk to someone who works at the library.
making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier.
a computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news.
therefore, i think the author made a good choice in ending the story with this paragraph.
at best, they were taught how to write a letter, managing household accounts and reading the scriptures.
computers play a big role in society today.
instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and .
in conclusion, the conflict of this story was set up by the setting.
in conclusion i think computers have not benefited society.
and she will take it again during the spring when the hibiscus blooms once again.
also kids will learn how to interact with each other by playing outside together.
no books would be left if we censored libraries because people could find thing bad or unmoral in every book.
the authors choice of words in the concluding paragraph convey a sense of hope and something to look forward to.
also, the things we read everyday are what make us who we are so there, in fact, should not be less books but more.
the coolies were moving about carrying luggage on their heads.
censorship would just make it harder for adults to find some books that they would want to read.
i do believe if there is a certain line of respect of course.
you can meet people be search them up if you are trying to find a old friend.
its now or never!
and it paid off in the end he found his water and survived.
for other people though, the story is much different.
computers are just plain bad.
computers are also in some electronics.
my friends mother had enough and had to kick him out.
each book and even magazine has a fact of information regarding what is either happening in the world or what could happen.
you could of missed a year of stuff.
he was beginning to lose hope.
he make the story very personal with all the family members he explains.
replied, ' , the book is to reviling.'
first of all, if people never used computers they would miss out on an immense opportunity to learn about the world around them.
also another thing are advertisements.
so cultural should not be censored, although it could have a section just for that type of material.
you can even chat online with friends or maybe find long lost friends.
typing can help majority with this.
people will always have a choice to do what they want in most cases.
he made some very sexually themed music.
the type of setting that he faces are steep hills, speed limits that he cant exceed, dry hot temperature, and he has no water.
people find things offensive everyday.
another thing could be anything involving racial stereotypes or obvious racial comments.
secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes.
libraries are for people to come in and should be expected to enjoy something, whether it be a book, movie or magazine.
first the setting at the middle of the story was empty and no place to get water.
people of different races and cultures have another opinion on the situation of censorship.
endless celebrations that encompassed, both form a a backdrop to life in their warm home.
using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages.
i know that you would feel like dirt that someone would do this to your hard work.
it has some what gossip.
is saying we shall all share then never giving back.
so should they be removed?
sometimes life can be so cruel.
the author makes every little sentence sound like you actually lived there & or were there at some point.
it would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left.
the teach hand eye coordination and many other things too.
magazines are nothing but gossip.
the reason i want to ask that is because they should be doing that everyday.
the plant also comforts her.
there are different kinds of channels that view these materials.
fact is, in paragraph , talks about how he kept thanking his parents for everything he had.
but they also provide an educational opportunity through research.
expressing what you think about a certain topic.
books are suppose to help you and give you the real thing.
also, kids and adults just use computers if they need to know how to do something or even find places in their town.
so as you can tell computers affect health, socializing, and even mentality.
also you can even play video games on your computer.
because like i said everyone deals with it at one point, and not everyone can be happy.
students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries.
a material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an over ruling majority of people.
why not talk to real people?
though it still goes on i think that it is very closed minded.
this is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free.
also, at in , they limited computer use, and as a result of it, the sports teams there all got losing records.
their faces aglow with this information.
so i hope you take my opinion in consideration.
in this story the features of the setting dictates the actions of the cyclist in his quest to survive in the desert a lot.
this made him despair.
with the ideas that people are writing about today we can not possible control what comes to their mind.
schools teach children about almost anything does that mean schools should be shut down?
i think censorship should be left up to the parents of that child.
in my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller.
on a bicycle it must be even worse knowing that if you run out of water op one will be there to save you from dehydration.
well i hope you think about what i told you and take it into consideration.
the setting he was in made him a little more wise.
for example, the cyclist was losing energy and had to keep pushing.
first of all, computers prevent you from spending time your family and friends.
loves staying in touch with her families through computers.
and like i said before they really not bad there like a little guide to many people.
this actually means a situation that will came again that will help you to get what is needed out of it that you missed.
with what i believe, was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill, the author describes.
also i believe we all have a right to believe what we want to believe.
learning could also be a big faster in getting people out of their computer chairs.
also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way.
this means that years from now the world addiction to computers could be at or greater.
finally, the computers we use today are a huge and easy way of communication.
this is awesome because you can text, video chat, email free.
one of the best things about computers is that you can find various amounts of information.
i am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people.
the mood created by the memoir are described in many ways.
people have the freedom of speech.
because i use them myself.
one reason is that we know she wont give up.
computer usage has its ups and downs,but my point is safety, health, and education, one the main issues we face because of modern technology.
do you believe this is the message to be school to future generations?
thanks for my reason about computer building skill, having info and fun.
and the growing realization that i would die of heatstroke.
what the book stores, libraries, and movie stores should do, is put an age limit on the books and movies.
by violating the openly, this opens the door for other areas to be violated in the .
i listen to a lot of music when i drive to school and most of it is rap music.
i believe this because every year new and exciting and websites are created and make life easier.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
if you wanted to know about a countries culture you will be able to go and find out on the computer.
to sum it up, computers allow you to talk online to people.
when it comes to censorship in libraries i feel that all the books should be left on the selves.
the school was full of boys and girls.
there are websites that can help you find information.
my tutor comes to teach me maths for one hour.
she is also not enjoying , because she has already experienced failure at her new home.
this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful.
without a doubt this world is gorgeous and is worth while to see the nature!
see, i told you that they can ruin your life all it takes is a couple of hours to like the computer.
also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves.
it just put your mind at ease.
take this letter into consideration.
the cyclist still has high spirits.
some people like reading graphic novels or things like that.
in this memoir, the author touches upon serious facts while giving the memoir a fun and happy mood.
this has not only made leaving , but has also helped in studying for tests for elementary school.
stand up for your rights and censor out those things that will lead to worse lives of those to come.
books published are in the world to teach about history, manners, literature, or they could be made to take you on an advantage.
since the beginning there has always been someone who is offended by certain media.
but it would also offend people if you took books off the shelf.
i want the libraries to think this over ; because it is not fair to adults or older children.
the author of the story concludes the text with that paragraph to end on a good note and show hope for the future.
the author created a joyful mood.
a social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see.
do you agree that computers take over lives?
during the you can go to the beach with your friends.
also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher.
this affects him because cant get water from the well.
by concluding the story in that way it helps demonstrate the hope the hibiscus plant brought to her after she failed her drivers test.
in conclusion the author ended the story with that to teach the reader a lesson to let change occur and time does heal.
in conclusion, i think that all types of literature should be admitted and released to the public.
because some of our friends and family have either did or attempted suicide, and without knowing about it how can it be prevented.
there is a big difference between choosing not to look or listen to something than being told you cannot look at something.
another thing that might have affected the cyclist would have been the affect of the desert on his mind.
also you can use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject.
a library is a place you go to that has books, movies, music, magazines, etc.
if you have a positive opinion you might go pick that magazine up and read it.
you never what might find out.
first you meet how people or friends.
to keep his subjects underneath his rule, often he has to resort to taking away civil rights.
also its beneficial that everyone has thing to do but computers are the best thing to do.
and she is absolutely right!
he wants to be alive.
do you know what computers were intended to do?
society need to put strict restrictions on what is right and what is not for children.
birdie eats grains, fruits and insects.
the library should just pick their music wisely so everyone can be well satisfied.
they will be worth your wild.
how did do with his idea, he failed miserably.
there are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have.
someone of any age can get their hands on just about anything they want.
therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain an essential asset in everyday life.
dear local newspaper, this world is filled with electronics.
when a book is published then it is sent to a library that way you can choose to read if you would like.
i have read and saw very intense things in my life but does that make me want to do bad things, no!
the only water that the bike is able to find is not consumable.
they teach you how to use a computer.
suddenly we heard a cry for help.
i moved closer to them so i could hear.
for example, the hibiscus has comforted her in a new country, with new surroundings but it also explains how she feels.
father took immediate action.
or a worse one?
this shows how he is doubtful.
also, i, think the author did that so that it would add a positive effect on the story.
plus learn how to type fast.
his acquiring of knowledge by probing makes him supreme.
parents of the children that have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are , they should just take the computer away.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in several ways.
our animal instincts are brought under control.
we can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health.
if it is educational, it be useful to some people.
think about all this the next time you want a book to be removed from the shelves
school, family, and sports is my always tells me.
in this memoir the author created a mood of what it was like in his childhood home.
what about the adults who find no harm in seeing or hearing these things?
we should plant more and more trees.
so taking off books from shelves would have hindered the process of me growing up.
he finally came to a shop a drank from the sink.
this is not unexpected considering it is a memoir however there were few statement facts and everything was personal experience.
people to for freedom over much bigger issues than books.
have you ever seen the commercial where a little boy is talking to his father on the computer.
at my local library, their is a section that has the more offensive or obscene books all in one place.
she has a long tail.
such as how many points got for your fantasy team.
computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature.
for example, the computer is actually good for education.
just be glad that you know about it now
he can deal with the heat with his good water supply, but when it runs out he begins to get disoriented.
as he travels farther, the land also becomes harder to travel on.
i think the author concludes the story with this because shes proving she has the strength to do something that she failed the first time again.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
children growing up in the world is our future and they see that negative output.
god has created men and women.
maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time.
but english as it is not literary.
an example of one such occurrence is in the short story winter hibiscus.
they also can help kids learn how to and other things at a very early age.
in my opinion i think that computers have a good affect on people.
so grateful appears to be a keyword.
the reason is that, you can interact with others online.
the magazines always have girls half clothed, even in seventeen magazine.
the features of the setting that the author cyclist through definitely effect not only his mood, but his the physical condition.
a child’s life is full of innocence.
, it is now possible study without of the , can be done on the internet online.
dear local newspaper, i hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills.
if their child were to checkout something that is restricted on the list, the librarian would tell them to put the book back and pick another book.
one the only ways she can contact her father is through .
on a computer you can program , design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, graphs, almost anything you put you mind to can be virtually made.
now i would like to the time to talk about is mentally when you go to learn.
learning brings achievement, a computer brings not succeeding.
but i disagree is many good effects computers can have on people.
so you people out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere.
and the is suffering because of it.
the music and movie section should stay in libraries.
for sometime, they forget about studies.
so thing can happen if you do the wrong stuff.
doing this helps everyday skills like playing sports.
this shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers.
this game has an online system where you can talk to and play against people all around the world.
that that the author did not care that much about house looks, price or its location.
no, the reason i say that is because if it was offensive to me,they might not be offensive to other people.
at the of the day i think that censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else public.
i believe this because computers cause people to be less active, most people would want to be at home on their computers then out side doing activities.
in my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed.
these are the moods the author creates throughout the memoir.
my reason why you ask.
so spread the word for the sake of thousands of people.
the author adds the part about the geese leaving because they also have to leave their home.
the terrain began to change and the speaker became doubtful of the old man that that directed him towards the shortcut.
she wants to start over.
do you always think about vulgar, inappropriate pictures, and illegal images?
they have websites that let book whatever kind of flights you want.
on there you can fin what ever your looking for.
the library takes great precaution to the censorship of their books, movies music etc
then we slowly begin to get unhealthy.
you can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects.
really bothers me, because when i was their age i had no idea what even was or meant.
was very proud of where he lived even though his house was not a mansion or even close to a big house.
my elder sister also attended school and i was admitted to the same school.
they have created a rating system to try give the audience a fair warning heads up, so that the audience knows what to suspect in the movie.
the sentence wraps up her emotion and shows how strong she is could easily give up on their driving test, but she wont.
nothing is causing obesity in them computer.
some elder people were sitting on the other side.
another example of library rentals that can be harmful to developing minds are .
i was going to die.
i hope i have made it so that we are looking at this from the same angle.
should books that be offensive to others no because there are hundreds and thousands of different books and even more.
he is an architect and runs his own company.
taking those books off the shelves is basically telling the authors that they are not aloud to write about what they want and publish it.
the reason the author was inspired was because of the flower.
i believe censorship should be used for some offensive materials.
helped the world to change in better way.
within a desert, water is to be found nowhere.
why should books that some people enjoy to read be removed off of library shelves?
but mostly its good because they sometimes let you have your own business and you get good pay still.
said that her book was offensive and she was going to tell somebody about it.
it can stand for more things such as drugs.
maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review.
throughout the story the cyclists needs change from feeling confident to feeling depressed to feeling relived.
she had the determination to succeed, so the author uses that paragraph at conclusion.
do you believe that books, music, movies, magazines, and articles should be taken off the shelves at stores just because people find it offensive?
religious beliefs are important would you not agree?
my name is .
libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people.
computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries.
that can get you identity stolen.
the cyclist was in a dry, desert area where tumble weeds were more common than people.
some readers could strongly disagree with a book and others could recommend it to all of their friends and family.
or you can just keep in touch with friends that so to a different school.
therefore people need computers so they can keep in touch with their families.
dear local newspaper, on a beautiful sunny day, people inside on their computers instead of enjoying the weather.
the people writing the items are not making them so that they are just plain offensive, the way people take in information is the main factor.
to her the strange things are starting to feel the same year by year no new hope, no new anything just the same old thing day by day.
how great is that?
they should ignore it and find something else of interest to them.
a great example of a media material that is challenged every day in every part of the world is a book called the bible.
one could inter she adapted because she was familiar with the season change and it states when the geese return she is going to take the test again.
there are so many possibilities in exercising people do not use their computer as much.
computers help us to learn in school and outside of it.
, computers have great effects that are positive towards people.
your hands are a big thing in like and they are helpful in a lot of ways.
the speaker said that he could have died from heatstroke.
i hope you will consider my thoughts.
however, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs.
i know that it would make me feel like i did something wrong.
in public libraries books should not be censored movies should be censored and music should not.
in fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them.
when you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it more times?
if any book is subject to criticism or opposition, are not all books worthy of the same?
my third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
if you wanted to you could plan a day to go and see her.
libraries are a place to feel safe and relaxed.
when your on a computer, there is so much to do, so much you can get out of it.
doing everyone a favor.
no little kid should be looking at or saying those things.
also, a teacher at task a poll asking how many students did projects having to do with foreign countries and of them they did.
is this good or bad?
i think it depends on what the magazine is and what it talks about in it.
his parents perseverance is the basis of his life today that taught him great lessons.
my mother has to yell at me to have my lunch.
this means the faster, easy, to ride terrain was replaced by slower harder to ride on terrain.
it brought peoples attention to recent happenings.
the cyclist was riding on a small road in the desert.
it also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine.
either way, completely getting rid of books because of their content is a terrible idea.
with emailing you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world.
of people nowadays have at least one maybe two computers in their household.
getting rid of material is not the answer.
if a child walks into the wrong sections, there is only one person to blame; the parent.
people should be able to keep their freedom of speech and be creative without being ridiculed by people
i will just turn it off or not read it anymore.
you just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home.
i just think that people should have to be a certain age for some of the things though.
but its not.
for example they would be able to go to the internet type in the place they want to visit and get photographs and information about the place.
that is also why movies have ratings.
it was meant to catch your attention right off the first sentence of the story.
this all stays next all on the computer.
this could result in a huge confrontation.
i think a decent amount of time on the computer, you can benefit from.
to keep the viewers entertained.
this is how kidnappings and murder happens in our world.
then the biker listened and he went on down the road.
the second reason is the computer help you in your house for example: you have the big problem with your car or something like that.
computers are a waste of time and they keep family and friends from spending time together.
they are distancing themselves from everyone but their computer.
i think that reading books is a very positive thing.
the children will hear it or see it again soon or later.
is one of many lucky people that has had this happen to them.
its easy to find entertainment and is extremely helpful and profitable.
they were created for older more mature readers.
they should also be allowed to find it in their local public libraries.
after looking around he says.
you can view many types of animals and study them.
my hobby is gardening.
thank you for your time.
to me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a family problem than a social problem.
here in we have the right to say,read, and write what we want,about anybody or anything.
so next time on the computer enjoy it but remember your friends, family and your health is more important.
you can have a new best friend every day!
finally, computers are harmful because they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
a few things that i would find, that would bother me are books or magazines that contain drugs, nudity, horrible violence, and bullying.
however, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer.
means hes starting to realize his waters running short.
i think all things should not be judged by assumption.
every individual is different in their own way.
if education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored.
in the book , censorship is the main idea in this book.
so many people love to type on a keyboard as well, but so many different papers that you type could be lost.
having these will make a computer almost perfect!
having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything.
many people use computers for research, jobs, shopping, homework, and more.
the students in high school should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene, like we all know younger students would do.
you also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members.
traveling according to sir francis bacon, the famous essayist, is education.
you know a large portion of people think this is harming our society.
and finally, computers are very expensive electronics, they have much up keep which costs you money ultimately making you depressed.
which is funny how those books are the only books that were fun to read during the school year.
realizing how much help computers have in everyday life, people will be the down fall or support for computer technology moving forward.
this person was imagining things.
i fully support the advances in technology.
you see alcohol everywhere and kids are doing it at a young age because movies, music, books, etc.
at a young age i selected a book i had thought was a ghost story.
the book is more then just that one part of smut.
thank you for your time.
then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price.
there are way to many people on computers doing anything you can think of for hours.
people in the community have rights to read, hear or watch witch ever type of material they like.
did you know that kids that spend more time on computer are more likely to do poorly in school?
also, researching a topic on the computer is so much easier compared to going to the library and reading books.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents' endurance to come to .
people drink camels’ milk.
that get me to my next point.
we as a country were built off the radical and offensive things written about the .
of people agree that the invention of computers helped our nations to be closer.
in my opinion, there is a fine line as to what can be considered too controversial or too mature.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
also, the computer contains articles that insure our children to strive for their goals.
they instant message, listen to music, go on , , or .
this is the harvesting season.
how would you feel if you lost that?
we come to know about their habits, customs, and traditions.
there are a lot of people out there who like to read.
in conclusion, things such as books and magazines are allowed to take from the shelves.
then they all get very depressed.
computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn.
now that computers are so common, people can conveniently type up a paper and submit it to their boss or teacher.
keep the books on the self.
have we come to?
when it comes to censoring something based on how offensive something is, one always has to consider the gray areas that will be formed.
even though you are ill you will still be getting paid because you are still working.
movies that will help them learn how not to do somethings like kill or rape.
i dust in your lungs and heat from the sun as it becomes harder for your body to work.
this is how the author fells about the memoir.
there are gang stories of terrifying people, such as .
instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities.
there are many more reasons libraries' content should not be censored, but here are three reasons that are obvious.
computers usually make things worse.
what parent would want there child learning about sex at a young age?
it moves at the speed depending on the force it is paddled with.
then why should that person be punished by someone who has to make a big deal out of something.
do you want to learn about the far away places without breaking the bank?
but very few play badminton.
in my opinion, it all depends on how many people are offended by it.
they are easy to learn how to use and are in a variety of forms.
computers enable us to communicate with them through email or video chat without the hefty price.
it also has a homey feeling.
rap music have lyrics that some would consider rude but to another they speak a message.
i think the author concluded the story with this paragraph because it shows that the character in the story is starting to adapt to her new country.
it is all a learning experience.
then she enquired about the reason.
out of people use the computer every single day and out of people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys.
i really believe that magazines are one the main censored things in the library.
he explains describes the town as maybe at one point being a thriving spot, but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
a mason is an essential person in society.
this is why i am thankful.
that is why i believe she wanted to conclude her story this way.
i know this because my sister goes on the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when there talking to her.
so overall that setting features had a negative direction affect on the cyclist.
would you ever think that a computer can take to much time or keep you from doing lots of things.
also, the obstacles faced by the cyclist.
i was overjoyed.
first off, i do like censorship laws to an extent.
those who do not agree with or want to read an item should simply stay away from that section and choose a different item which interests him.
i had a similar experience once.
people just have to limit their time on how much they stay on the computer.
for some reason some people went to stay inside on the computer but other go outside on a good warm day.
now a days everyone is all stuck up and think that we should not see and or read bad, nasty, offensive things.
having computer at home is not good specially to children.
computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional.
have you ever been reading something that made you mad?
finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them.
“you must not lose faith in humanity.
its not only kids either that are affected, adults also are affected by the media.
did you agree?
all the teachers in my school are hard-working.
most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer.
do you have any better ideas?
there is only people who are not yet ready for the they are about to obtain.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show she is not giving up on her new home or forget her old one.
i worked hard all night to get it done.
so, most people in a couple years will be computers and use them effectively.
computers have a large effect on people.
computers make work easier and neater.
because i know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier.
i use to search it all the time and i made a poster project for fun.
although, our entertainment today is much different then it was back then and will be much different than it will be in the future.
the water was hot.
they made more than the and the company makes the mostly used computer system.
this is a very interesting quote.
the mood created by the author is quite comforting and homey.
taking those things off the shelves, will not protect adolescents from hearing them.
dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer.
a girl climbed up the ladder without any support.
that group is still allowed to speak their opinions and takes on that particular material, as well as the people who do agree with the material.
but my brother said that they would get scared and run away.
it is essential for us to use computers to communicate with other nations.
therefore, i hope you like my letter and enjoy my opinion.
they have a right to read, watch, or listen to what makes them happy.
it is exhilarating to watch pouring rain and to run about in it.
the author concluded the story like that because she was being positive.
there are many things you can do on the internet.
this is not the case.
the old people made him go through the rocky way.
an issue at hand is whether or not libraries should or should not dispose of inappropriate books, movies, music, and magazines.
they even have tools on computer.
it represents a hopeful tone, and symbols that relate to spring.
just make a new section for it.
with this concluding paragraph, i believe that she will be more comfortable at the time.
they allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks.
censorship in libraries should be established and set because the people in the come from many different places making the very diverse.
we should keep music out so people, like me, who have been inspired, can inspire others.
that excuse is ridiculous.
he even put rocks in his mouth to help his dehydration.
i have come up with reasons to support my opinion.
this can also bad for future generations.
can effect books, music, movies, magazines, and many more.
computers are a lot of fun.
in addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their.
ever went to the library and seen a book that was to graphic for a certain section.
keeping this in mind the has to have books that appeal to everyone.
and have fun.
would you be hurt and taken back?
and, censoring somethings will lead to people wanting other things to be censored, which will leave nothing.
there were big swords, shields, daggers and other weapons with which the kings used to fight.
it is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities.
and they older what then what they say.
second, it keeps customers happy.
there are many people that think that the lyrics of those songs are just terrible and offensive.
as a high school student i would research the topic about offensive material.
the last type of game is the tower defense.
these are some of the reasons that i and others love computers.
all this show that where was he born how he got her and him getting a better life
everybody has their on opinion on censorship and everybody can not get what they want.
in public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble.
they he is to build skill of typing, help and it easy, and also help keep and family connected.
thousand of website to visit and even more games just waiting to be played.
dear of the , computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous forms of communication.
so my answer is no about taking things away that are not censored.
this winter, i experienced the coldest night of the season.
he becomes a little worried but he is not discouraged.
for many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects.
they need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality.
very little people like being with the same sex.
what about how hours of research are two clicks away?
meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another.
i sure would.
do you use a computer?
computers should be for important things like searching for jobs and other things.
you can also learn ahead far away places with a computer.
they cleared away the crowd.
but know a days there are so much stuff people can do to get all of things.
she gives off a calm relaxed feeling.
a person could be left waiting in line for hours to get a product.
step out of your door and you are faced with indiscipline.
in this situation, it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this.
when he realizes his solitude when he is in a state of almost dehydration, he despairs.
a local teenage boy, , says.
exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person.
if people choose to let their children read books then that is fine with me.
so the night before i did a bunch of research of different shops, museums, and places to eat.
you will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person and to take part in different activities around the town.
these are my three reasons why you should not stay on the computer, the more you the more you will want to stay.
if it is winter, the least kids could do is go sledding.
so they will decide whether or not they should have books, magazines, or music removed from the shelves.
computers can be very useful to people.
when they are older they might actually like them.
its hard to show how its bad to say an offensive word to someone, that they herd on the radio.
twilight shows the softer side of love and that anyone can be happy if they set their hearts on someone.
a speech on the doctor.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
that is why i think those books should be taken out of all libraries
that is what i choose to do and i would say it is working out great.
, studies have been conducted over the past few years, and they show that people of all ages spend of their free time on the computers.
as i sat at my empty lunch table, approached me and asked to sit down.
he tried the pumps but he explains how a far like substance oozed out, followed by brackish water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
i was shocked and embarrassed.
i think they need to be removed from shelves or put away.
then the girl went missing for about weeks.
the author of this memoir put a mood to it.
she is saying that she wants to start over.
i love many different kinds of music , most of it is very fun to listen to.
the only movement that occurs while on a computer is the tiny flick of a finger as it clicks the mouse button.
that way when you get bored there is always something to do, instead of being home all day.
those children will either listen to their or not.
last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends.
some people will take certain materials to be more offensive than others, but if read, the person might get angry or start to have bad thoughts.
now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job.
as time passed, professional wrestling began to welcome in beautiful women into their business.
first, she will try again when she feels the time is right.
i do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive.
somebody is always going to get hurt.
people take pity on them and give them something.
libraries should remove this material from their shelves.
censorship is a law and it is commonly broken.
computers teaches kids new things.
when you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate!
i feel that that stuff not be allowed in the shelves and it should be removed.
so if anything is explicit keep it in the adults only section.
next,, some family members go off to war.
i want to lead a good life.
mostly everything you do in life have to deal with some type of computer.
to sum up the full idea of this position; every person should be given the choice to read what he or she desires.
kids will still fight and rough house.
we have them at home, at or at our work.
can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones?
another reason is just so that they know what is going on around them and so that the individual is informed.
i have people that be able to have computer addiction.
i thoroughly believe they are mistaken.
it was such a scary experience that none of us could sleep that night.
physically he was tired and worn out.
how can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs?
an ideal student should help the parents in household matters he should go to bed at a fixed time.
i believe that even if someone thinks a material in a library is inappropriate, the material should not be taken off shelves.
if every thing went by one mans rule of what to and not to read we would down grade as a country and .
as for books, i often use a book review website that allows me to see the content the book has.
i think that since he talks about his friends and neighbors so well that it is a happy neighborhood.
some books should not be on the shelves in libraries.
that means that there should be appropriate books and magazines that are also age appropriate.
if a family with young children want to go to the library, the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children.
censorship in the world we live in today is a very interesting concept.
you just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you.
second they have computer gamed to help kids learn.
the librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it.
also because the terrain is hilly his legs are working harder to go up the hills and his legs become tired.
the spring reminds her of her old life because the flowers in the garden are blooming, the geese return, and the snow has melted.
the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit places the cyclist in a life threatening situation.
they can also play against people around the world.
computers not be totally to blame for the problems stated above.
first of all, removing classics from the shelves of libraries because they offend certain people is completely unwarranted.
because all people have different views on life, different beliefs, and different feelings, makes hard for libraries to please everyone.
last, computers are a faster and easier way to find new things and learn more about different topics.
the library is not just for the children but also for the adults.
music will always be out there.
dear , i computers is a new technology that keeps on getting better and better.
he becomes pessimist and is making of all that could go wrong, not all that could get better.
if you have a bumpy ride, then the cyclist will have a harder time.
instead of letting the facts be the facts people want to adjust things so it is less offensive.
the computer has helped mankind with various discoveries about our world.
people have become addicted to computers.
just because i agree with something, do you have to agree too ?
we, as the people, must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs, along with movies and other media.
i love going on the computer time to time doing many things i have talked about.
i mean seriously, if you play computer games you can have fun while knowing your going to make your doctor happy.
we should not have this right because it would not be fair to any one.
as you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries.
they cost a lot of money cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach children that things come easy in life.
so that would be a good idea for people not to steal or take the books.
from my own experience, people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a popular series of books at that time period.
instead of removing why not just move them to an + section of the library.
you say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article.
i make my own choice to not watch or those kinds of materials.
spring has a healthy effect on the body.
not just the same thing everywhere i go.
the ending is a cliff hanger to show that her story has not yet completely ended.
what will we know about the past?
he had to bike many miles, but he only had limited supply of water.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
this tells us that cyclist is hard to ride on the road.
the cyclist should not have taken the old peoples advice for granted, but will now look onto peoples sense of directions.
when we are assigned a project we need to do research on a topic and the fastest and easier way is by computer.
you can still have fun if you not good at just for instance and friends.
going to college not everyone has enough time in a day to drive to school, well with your computer you can go to school right online.
as a small child i remember my mom reading me stories to put my to sleep.
in , we are a democracy, but we still choose censorship to hide certain information from certain people.
although there are some positive computers can be dramatic.
computers have a very good effect on people.
so if you have no chance of seeing each other anytime soon you can talk to them then.
if we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books.
and some people do find that person that they been looking for.
but, other books can have mean or hateful affects on the person who is reading it.
so as you can see computers are no good.
these are necessities for all people to have access to.
google is the most common thing that everyone uses.
when you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen.
welcome to the .
his mother is a teacher.
every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject.
lastly, i think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers.
if she was not determined she might never pass and fit into her new society.
just like the flower losing its buds in the winter and growing them back.
the setting of the story, are very dry and humid, and flat, and hilly.
this is human nature because our bodies when into survivor mode and become determined to survive.
my last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education.
he is a good sportsman.
books have pictures, or they even be poem books.
the rough terrain desolation and hot temperatures seemed to have affected the cyclist / author.
i do not think that things should be taken out of our library.
you never know what somebody enjoys doing.
a small boy had separated from his parents.
they are there to provide all kinds of different information.
', and they will most likely not know to say at that moment.
if everything was censored we would really have nothing to read or to watch.
otherwise there is bound to be confusion.
it will still be around.
if you needed to know some thing for a big report and none of your friends are up you can look up your computer.
it is understandable that some people are offended by the materials showcased in libraries because a library is a place for everyone.
i think it is a positive thing for children to know about the past.
so the internet is giving you a great opportunity to learn more about or earth, other than your back yard.
i think so.
i remind you that computers benefit many jobs in and in addition aid students by showing information about everything there is to know.
i believe in both in a way.
did you know that of people the age of have jobs on the internet?
people need to get out side and get more active.
well you can thank and global warming for that.
why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion?
kids today are using a new language in chat rooms as well as texting.
but if a child is not taught that those things have bad effects they will learn the hard way.
i understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help.
if everyone else starts taking books off the shelf, we have no books left.
which means that even though there different there going to be there for one another which is united.
people who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families.
our body gets ultra-violet and infra-red treatment from sunlight.
the ones that you love to watch, listen to, or read a million times over.
the girl asked.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is cozy and family oriented.
we need computers for life we always will need to use computers for every single day of our lives.
in the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspapers.
everyone has a different look on it.
like movies there are ratings such as which means that you should be or older to view it.
you pay for the computer outright, but then you have all the up keep and there is lots of up keep.
i love book,s and i hate to see them go away.
in conclusion, the memoir has a good and happy mood to it.
some books are racist; of and for example has some racist and sexist comments and remarks.
he seems to have not really planned how long the ride would be and how to conserve water.
did you lash out, or did you keep an open mind and come try understanding?
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
no this would not happen just because someone hates or dislikes something it could very well be something someone loves and enjoys.
i think if you are reading or watching it, then it is at your own fault if you are offended by it.
first, computers help out with traveling, sight seeing and lots more.
dear readers, i understand some people are concerned that people spend too much time on the computer and that it is bad.
also the rode that was driving on was not very smooth which gave him troubles.
removing certain materials from the library would not be in good interest.
even though i explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more.
some of that material is bad though, but some is good.
as long as there are other readers and people who like those kinds of books and music then they should keep them on the shelf.
he could or been sad person.
overall the author concludes the story with the paragraph because it gives off a great image to keep trying and never give up.
offensive books and movies can cause many problems.
this is why computers are good to have and be on for a reasonable amount of time.
well i refuse to let it set into my mind, and i hope you choose the same for yourself.
dear local newspaper, i just wanted to say that i do i agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer.
one person tries to make tomorrow a better place but the next tries to demoralize it.
movies for kids to check out should be educational, fun and most importantly, appropriate!
when we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need.
when i was in elementary school, i had a friend who i was very close to and a part of his life.
when that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips.
my last reason is for designs every modern car that you drive, is originally from a computer.
for a school project or just for fun.
wrote a book by the name .
this is how kids are helped out by computers.
some people feel that having particular material displayed on shelves of libraries is rather offensive to specific individuals.
i told my mother that i do not remember anything.
these have been some moods in this story.
we also had a dip in the cold water.
they even became your new best friend.
that how i can back up my second reason.
the features of setting affect the cyclist.
that was one of her traditions with it.
computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you have missed as if you was absent.
they would never of learned such things.
the main conflict of the cyclist in this text is the lack of water.
these are pieces of evidence that describe the mood of the memoir.
i hope you understand this better.
you can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again.
for example, my dad tests computer programs as a job.
the author was depressed , dehydrated and had all but given up , however he kept going and eventually made it to some water.
its opens up to be beautiful again.
in the us people have the right to expressed their beliefs and feelings on any type of topic that is brought up.
libraries should not be censored.
it helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day.
obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens.
he was very polite.
tons of students in have projects everyday and they got to be on the computer to look up their information.
next he came to the fork and the town he came to had no water.
in conclusion, you should buy a computer.
children will not be able to proceed in this section.
we all have it we just need to start using it.
its now called an email.
this setting also establishes a happy sort of mood.
some good effects some harsh effects.
i mean his house was a peaceful and a safe place.
is this a bad thing?
computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades.
lastly computers are taking away family time.
dear newspaper, people are spending too much time on computers.
a perfect example is my brother.
back in only of the population was obese.
children do not choose their parents.
i am a student here at , and it has come to attention that the is thinking about taking books they find offensive out of the library.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
it also benefits society because in a couple years everything will be computers.
all computers are helpful and not always something negative when someone uses it.
the only people who make hay there, are the hawkers.
these are the items that teach us new things everyday.
however, there is going to be someone who needs to use that item for personal knowledge or for research.
in the it stated that we have the freedom of press and speech.
the flat road started to get very wary with short high and low hills.
books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it.
there are many great activities you can do such as reading a book.
no one should have to worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge.
quote shows the impact that people have on generations to come.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
if you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online.
milk is taken from the cows, the milk is also taken from sheep and goats.
yes books can give you tons of information, but not as much as the thousands of websites there are out there right this minute.
another reason why something should get pulled off the shelf is if the book supported drugs.
there are many ways in which the setting of rough road ahead affects the cyclist.
when watching a movie with a sad ending, most people cry.
if he were in a different setting like by a river or spring he would just stop and drink from that.
a study shows of families that go on vacations have strong relationships.
some people need computers for their .
using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature.
certain words help to better express people and their views.
and some of these people might be safer staying inside.
so it was a very good mood the wrote the in.
some movies are not rated appropriately either.
as they are older, they still never have the interest to learn about these types of things because they never knew about them growing up.
first of all, i would like to talk about how computer can help us with anything.
life is full of risks, so let them know, that way when the time comes their ready.
though there are so many people yet no cheerful voices are heard.
others have different ideas.
it would have been burning hot.
except for one thing that she quickly recognized.
the snow always melts when the seasons change.
and it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis.
fewer people went out to admire its beauty.
because libraries are public, they are open to all eyes so we must be careful about what we allow on their shelves.
the internet has a massive effect on us.
happy and grateful stand out as the two most important moods.
what i think offensive, when something removed off shelves.
therefore, i went to become a teacher.
they should be conscious about the essence of democracy.
but the only people that actually benefits in life are the website owners.
everyone has their own opinion about what should or should not be placed in books.
the effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided.
i know there are plenty of good books, magazines, and music out there.
their is just so much amount of time you can be on the computer for and not get bored.
most romance novels are very descriptive and leave little room for imagination, and in the wrong hands can lead to some very prompting questions.
censorship is the most foul and terrifying part of society.
you are probably thinking, computers sound so childish and infantile.
i disagree, computers can help keep family members that live far away in touch.
i believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that be far away.
this shows the physical and metaphorical obstacles must get over the heat and isolation, but must also find the mental drive and determination to carry on.
they have a great significance for students.
also people would just start saying they thought that item was not suited for the library just because they did not like it period.
somethings can get in sink too a brain and it could never be helped or solved.
we could use energy for more important things that people any need.
one could see why computers are bad, but they benefit a lot of people everyday.
computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life.
lastly, humidity, because it can be hot but then the humidity comes into plan and makes the sky more dry and seen hotter than it usually is.
clearly, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
this is my first benefit of a computer.
he had to travel in bumpy roads and pass snakes without getting bit.
down the road the setting started to change from flat land to hills.
if anything i am trying to help me and my fellow citizens.
i do not believe that books should be censored.
time is a big thing which many don' realize.
to forget is to remember at another time.
this was because it was very ironic were he was.
some history be gruesome and completely crazy, but we should be aware of those things and not forgot about them.
nobody wants to talk and a great way to present this.
although you do need computers.
the weather and terrain had worn him down.
for game system its like having a computer, right?
if we stop throwing waste into lakes, rivers, and seas they will be clean and beautiful forever.
as a kid we look up to our parents.
this absolutely benefits society.
the cyclist had started out with confidence, followed by determination, then relief.
the match was played in the playgrounds of our school.
one time i was in a library looking at this book that really seemed good to read.
so yes any books should be left on the shelf at libraries, open to anyone and everyone who are willing to read them.
states shows of the natural disasters computer classified them.
the cyclist was faced with a desert, traveling in extreme humid temperatures and no water.
i am sure most of the things you have to type for are written using a computer.
now we are suppose to get rid of good books just because they are child friendly?!
as a place used to gain knowledge and wisdom, a library is a wonderful resource.
might also be sending money by going to the computer and be sending to their family members.
look back into our history, we are a country full of rebels.
not only are you getting good benefits on the outdoors but so is your partner.
do you say to blame them?
should there be censorship in libraries?
a kid walks into the library up town.
also if you just want time to go by you can use the computer as entertainment by chatting with other and playing games.
would they just be able to take it off the shelf
the worst is probably watching bad things.
they promote learning, coordination, and even general welfare.
there are going to be things happening that are going to make people feel a little offensive.
these are just come of the many fun sports.
you go on the computer.
for example, you can jump rope, go to the park, go swimming, play in the snow and many more.
they can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising.
cereals are a very important form of food for us.
in conclusion i think computers have a good effect on people.
this is not due to the lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive for three reason.
the school has even started doing something very new, allowing parents and kids to check the students grade online.
they provide an easier way to life that us lazy need to survive.
there was no water either.
immigrating to a new country is difficult and many immigrants face problems on a daily basis.
but people do not use water sparingly.
i strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library.
if the libraries take away the offensive material is just like talking a good book from you.
these ideas and knowledge are too important to let censorship take away.
in school they will hear verbal arguments and see fights.
put others before yourself, and work hard.
i agree with her in the sense that we can not take certain books off the shelves in our library.
every person has a different outlook on what makes a story interesting.
your body need water to work right.
from the experience that i have had with books that cause controversy, i have noticed myself not liking the book.
the next setting was an abandoned shed with a water pump and a fork in the rode.
lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world.
one day it was raining hard and i had nothing to do so i went on my computer and played minesweeper.
people have to understand theses days that kids are growing up way to fast to just leave stuff like that laying around.
trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
well, brother is going to in six months and i am going to want to talk with him.
just like legal things only legal for adults.
secondly, the computer is like a tutor.
personally i like to read books that interest me, as i can assume most do everyone else.
whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding.
you can also learn how to type, when you know how to type you can type faster and faster.
hobbles, thirst and fear were all behind me.
do you think is going to prevent people from getting offended?
furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people.
in this way, shell always have a little piece of her past with her.
this is another reason why computers are bad.
the advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them.
loving family and friends of course!
a library should be a place of balance.
all of these thing are the definition of family.
the second reason offensive materials should not be removed is because it is enjoyable for some people.
on the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list.
i belief it is of a great cause for children of the modern day world to celebrate their own religion how they would like.
computers do benefit the society, in my own opinion we do need computers.
post offices carry our messages to distant places.
in this instance, a moderation would be helpful.
the author has a good reason in which she concludes the story with this.
people also look up a lot of stuff that involves school.
well, yes because they are not getting exercise.
we as have the right to say what we want, and do as long as it is within the laws.
also with these online pages they cause to much and could lead to fight or rumors.
to whom it concern, i believe that computers benefit society.
but i being a student of class ix, did not have to face that difficulty any more.
this is my view on censorship in libraries
if a kid or a teenager is trying to get an adult book someone of age should have to come their and check the book out for them.
so, she just looks up the definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary.
the author created a warm, loving mood throughout the memoir.
thirdly, students can learn about distant places.
because you can learn it easier with different under standing it better so you.
the setting of the authors shortcut effected his performance and strength tremendously .
lastly every song, book, or movie has a meaning.
the author chose to end the story this way to give it a positive ending.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active.
it makes a bad impression on some people.
now days, there a lot of hard work that goes into music, movies, and books.
so now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing.
there are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want.
get outside have to conversation with a friend and internet with your family.
parents should have enough sense to pay attention and thus, the problem is solved.
this quote shows it was starting to get hot.
the geese symbolize her new life; they have become almost familiar to her now the obstacle she faces is passing the driving test.
you should think about this because this is happening to much in the world.
one final feature that has on effect on the cyclist was the old abandoned factory.
why is it so fun to just look at the computer screen?
i once was in a library and read a magazine talking bad about teenage drivers.
dear editor, computers are good for people because it really helps with they work and home work and other stuff.
dear newspaper staff, is i to i am in the grade.
i hope you have enjoyed reading this and hope to see you on my side toward this topic.
censorship takes away pieces of knowledge gradually.
there are many reasons these things should be censured and in this paper i am going to explain why they should be censured.
all of the previously listed things are rated.
republic day and independence day function at national and regional levels are also shown on television.
not get sunk and, it can travel for days with no water.
the third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak.
having a computer you could do a lot of homework.
in conclusions computers have people.
also the author concludes this because the good luck charm the hibiscus gave more confidence and when say it real confident one will succeed.
the cyclist rode through deserts and deserted towns.
at last, my brother came home and i was happy.
a computer can help you find directions to almost plan on earth.
this is why the mood created in the memoir is proud.
it is at the responsibility of the public to how they use the information they receive.
my cousin , who is a big time baseball player, used to have trouble catching the when he was younger.
the obstacle being a long cropping hill, this made the cyclist exhausted, as he uses much energy to summer the hell, he was ???
such as the movie store, the mall, a gas station, a yard sale, and even your public library.
i know from my own experience that computers take away time from your friends and family.
but everything was in a real mess.
first reason is that, what if you had a child and wanted he or she to see the same movie or book you did when you were little?
the person should have thought this through before jumping into the situation.
“the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
i hope you can agree with me
i feel the same way because my parent brought me here for a better life.
some such as playing sports.
mostly good things by the way.
if you go on the internet you can find many pictures of any thing you want.
was happy for the simple house they had and was grateful.
they are useful to us in many ways.
say there are materials that are not suitable for children so they grab it and started reading.
many people do not realize this, but at many libraries, there are sections specified for teenagers.
it can also help you with your job.
when it is too warm out it makes it more difficult, and more inconvenient to ride.
but, its not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer.
imagine how much less forceful an angry character would be without a few curses every now and then.
he does this by explaining what goes on in a positive light.
books deserve the chance to be enjoyed like they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is gone.
do not take the opportunity for a child to learn what really matters away.
secondly, too much time spent on the computer affect your ability to communicate with others.
my second reason would be education.
certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive to more than just one person.
this is how the features of the setting affected the cyclist throughout the story.
have you ever wanted to go on vacation to somewhere overseas?
this paints a glorious picture of what life in the house was like.
if we all took off one book that we found offensive then our children and other children would not be able to read.
a lot of people these days study from the internet, i know i sure do.
that was a very dark period in history.
every year, thousands of students go to college, and thousands of families move away from each other.
if someone is offended by these types of entertainment they should not visit that section of the library.
i love these because they are very amusing world.
also the author is saying that when the seasons change, things change.
he is soft-spoken.
on the other hand, a poor man with good health can enjoy his life.
i believe that music is a way that people express themselves.
using the computer this way is another terrific idea.
no libraries means no knowledge, no books, no life lessons, no imagination, and above all no excitement.
for all we know, a book censored could have saved millions of lives.
you can run a business from your very own living room.
though television is a very useful thing, if we see it continuously it can affect our eye-sight.
the arguing will never end!
the author also describes the selflessness of many immigrants including her parents.
should i not care about what i am forced not to see?
the mood that was created by the author is loving.
some topics or other things found in the library are not suitable for every one and should not be allowed in a public place.
now lot of.
they make it seem cool.
even the bird seasons would be back like always.
some people do not have the money to buy books, or internet, so these people rely on public libraries.
playing sports, or getting some fresh air.
i say that because the author talked about how his parents were caring and selfless.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that the aspect of computers and their influence on people has been brought up.
she was really upset.
there is a reason those books are there and they are not put up there to be offensive; so why take them down?
so, by eliminating the problem before anyone else sees it, will reduce problems before they even happen.
first, it is in the summer, so it is very hot.
i have observations, experience, and reading some of my the articles that were called offensive to prove my opinions.
she got, stronger because she adjusted to her new home and new environment.
library : or bad?
so before you make your decision thing would you want it done to you
most people know how old they are and what kind of books they should read.
books and magazines need to be censored according to there content.
if television was censored then people would not know to do in a bad situation because they have never experienced or seen of it before.
the spectators begin to laugh as soon as the clown enters the ring.
it is up to the kids to make the decision to listen or not listen to their parents.
he describes them, as well as others in their community, as honest, hardworking, selfless people.
again, censorship is relative to the person looking over the material.
it should be clear that computers are a danger to society.
so with that being said, the changing or starting over could represent his chance to take test can start over, and he will get another chance.
sometimes your children has a better time understanding then you did at their age.
there is a thing called or .
let man choose what is intolerable to him.
the computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people.
the answer is yes they should be different.
so being able to talk to friends online is one example why i for computers.
in this memoir of the author creates a clear mood.
sometimes these things should not be on the shelves.
i was looking at the magazine rack one day and noticed magazines like ,swimsuit magazines and many more.
censorship of said materials will effectively undermine both of these rights.
kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are?
they all sing about gangs, narcotics, alcohol, and using women for favors.
someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far.
computers are one of the best technology we have .
that is the sound of your family members trying to talk to you when your on the computer.
seeing different things enriches our life and can make us better people.
computers have become nearly an addiction to most teenagers.
in the modern world, nearly all businesses rely on communication.
everyone is welcome in the library, of course, but is everyone aloud to look at whatever they want?
without those books in that library i would have never been able to research those topics.
there he works for the whole day.
the teachers assign projects that include going on the computers and finding information all about your topic.
is vital, and computers are taking this away from society.
this creates hate inside of their hearts, all because censorship was not used.
kids today have a whole lot of options of books they can or cannot read in the schools library.
now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money.
this gives you a chance to connect with them.
how many people do you know.
statistics show that of people that go on the computer instead of getting exercise, are in risk for health problems including obesity.
nowadays, many jobs use computers.
the world cannot afford to censor.
children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate.
you could tell he was passionate about what she was writing.
this topic now poses a question: ' all censorship bad?'
first, the sun is making the cyclist hot and dehydrated.
it always is a terror that falls violently.
would upset too many customers and the use of libraries would probably dwindle.
there are dew drops on the green grass.
i found wonderful pictures of .
individuals might disagree with certain beliefs concerning their lifestyle and what they believe.
you should have to be a certain age to rent this movie.
i believe that every parent has the right to oversee what there child reads.
can these books be offensive?
i thought to myself how could they sell these types of magazines.
they provide us with valuable research, entertainment, and cold hard facts.
in the past their have been more negative effects on people.
computers are a good way to keep in touch with people.
no matter who you are, you probably have some favorite band, music artist, or genre of music that you prefer.
there are so many websites that make it fast and easy.
what would taking these types of books off the shelves accomplish?
i believe the toughest feature of the setting was the heat.
moving is very hard, you leave a place where you have so many friends to a place that is so new to you.
you just stare at the screen, which is not good for your eyes.
in factual righting, it is something that remains in peoples' heads and is saved into the brain like a word document.
i can make a connection because i have both a and that i use to stay in contact with family friends from all over.
computerized can take over jobs quicker, easier, and cheaper.
which eventually would leave people with no variety in books which would start a huge problem.
if you have friends or family far away then you can keep in touch with them without leaving your house.
and those are some of my reason why the author added mood to this memoir
you can talk to people without the expensive phone bill.
do you love technology?
the more kids read about this, the more they think violence is okay.
for the same reasons, safety stop education, sites that are not appropriate to see.
although they can never replace blood relatives, friends are the next best thing.
aim is very popular to people of all ages.
everyone should be interacting with someone.
is the only good, and the only light comes from .
they should be replaced with educational things.
however, what be unacceptable for children to view be perfectly fine for a mature adult.
if they have access to it then they are going to take it and borrow it.
some books that are intended would be better off staying in the library.
that my final reason for why you should go with computers.
whatever occurs you always go back to your roots.
most schools have computers.
what about a doctor, you would want to know how many years of college and med school are required to get your medical degree.
computers are too important and beneficial to lose.
what be a bad and vulgar book in our opinion not be bad in others opinionated views.
this at first makes her sad but then realizes how wonderful her memories are and helps her to get through this tough time.
there are three reason, on to here more.
another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type.
battery eats at skin just like the setting is eating at the cyclist.
when you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car.
they carry very helpful information.
they give people a chance to learn things.
if we do that, then all the books would be off the shelf.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
no of course not.
you would be a bored kid or adult if you keep doing this.
dear the local newspaper, i do computers effect people.
in conclusion, you can see that i have clearly stated the benefits of computers.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
material like that at the library can harm children brains by brainwashing them.
he said i will never forget how my parent turned this simple house into a home.
no matter what the book is about people have the choice to read them or not so why should libraries have to remove books that some might find offensive?
lastly, , computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family.
all they wanted me to listen to was christian music and i did not like that.
books, magazines, movies, music, etc, are all good to read, watch or listen to.
i support advances in technology.
book can be given a nasty comment but then again book can also be given the best comments.
in the short story, do not exceed posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in the story.
it takes away freedom.
you can go on a website that has videos and short clips about what has been going on and learn about current events.
imagine if nobody had a computer how would we research so much of our knowledge?
using things like , , , and video chat.
going outside is very important to your health.
if the books or magazine would start being taken off the selves then we would have less ways to research or learn certain things.
instructors report that skills in trainees and students are far better than in years past.
a library is a great place to be, but the libraries without censorship are an utter disappointment.
dear , you think computers are good for providing us with useful information?
why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?
the reason why i think computers are good is because people like to do their work, or children likes the games on the computers.
it is that persons choice to choose that library to attend to.
so readers of the .
you could be helping your family or friends out but instead playing computer games.
another thing you can be taught or informed about is news.
some come to get away, and to others its a daily routine.
a boy read out the lesson.
did you know that you can literally but from on your computer.
each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products.
he is a useful member of the society.
education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet.
so if you eat and use the computer all day your not really burning any calories therefore you will gain weight.
but if the offensive are in libraries people should take them to court offensive books, movies, magazines, and music
this is not good for a growing teen.
i understand the concern for parents on censorship in public libraries, but there is a way to stop it.
another reason why computers are good to use is because of online chats.
no we should show them, we need to educate people that there are indeed different ways of viewing life.
if my library had done its job and given me the guidance i sought, i would have grown so much more easily.
computer classes, and computing.a computer is a
health is a gift given to us by nature.
for example, a student has been assigned a report on a piece of classical literature.
they enjoy watching more mature movies because it is more interesting to them than cartoon shows or movies.
with any of these reasons, computers are really benefiting our society.
first, you can learn so much about nature online.
do you think books, music, movies or anything else that could have something offensive be removed from the shelves from our libraries?
it what you wants no need.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are great for our society.
he tells of the courage his mother and father had of coming to the country without any knowledge of the language or culture.
now you can see that the internet can help people and its not just keeping people inside that is why i think we should keep improving technology.
keep reading for more information.
or you never know you could forever and never be found.
there are many possibilities as to why the author ended her story, winter hibiscus, in the way that she did.
but they can still be in there because some people might want to read them.
if adults want to view pornography, or read accounts of extreme violence, that is their business.
one you can use them to get information for a project, talk to your friends, or learn about something you have never known before.
i for one think that they need to put more magazines on the stands so you can have more information.
my grandfather told all the stories to me.
i was so happy that i gave my brother a tight hug.
wasting minutes is wasting money.
from reading the the text on can see how features can have effects on a person.
to begin, the computer is yet another distraction to our daily lives.
they will eventually ask what does this mean or mommy what does this word mean.
the computer helps many different people in many different ways.
especially, something as small as a book.
not only does typing quicker effect your computer techniques but also helps you outside of your home like in sports.
this in turn allows us to get more done.
there is a place for everything in a library and most of the locations are pretty obvious as to what kind of information is held there.
emails are a great way to send information.
so in all the setting is hot abandoned and theirs no water source, so the cyclist is being affected by all of this
this is the exact opposite of what a human should be doing.
he comes & to every and we hangout with each other.
computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly.
by censoring the word from text, people were, in a way, covering up the history of the .
his work gave him a computer, and he was back to tucking me in every night, and he still does now.
the roads were damaged due to the heavy and continuous rain.
if censorship were to take place, the library would no longer be a place to enjoy.
music is an even larger gateway to mental damage then movies are.
i am going to tell you what i think about the books, movies and magazines.
i believe this because using computers helps with research, jobs, and staying in town with people.
the geese also were a reminder that some things back home were the same.
the next day i got a note from home informing the librarian that i could read the book.
we also learn how music evolves from one thing to another, kind of creating off of itself.
the question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good.
they also appeal to a lot of people across the world.
lastly, video chatting is a new improved way to see a live video of the other person.
most of it has to be for some reason or another.
it teaches, at least it taught me, that if you can dream something then you can do it.
have you ever heard of computer camps.
the snow will melt because the weather changes.
and when?'.
there are so many varieties to choose from.
but, what would happen if everything that we thought was wrong was taken off of the self?
besides he has a trust map: he got a lot from this trip.
this shows that she really is adjusting to her new home, and has hope for when spring comes, and the geese return, and hibiscus bloom.
over all, in the memoir of the mood can be mainly described as grateful towards his parents, heritage and home.
there are many different ways of looking at life, and many different opinions.
with your address they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get your houses blueprints.
nature is full with colours.
the modern world today makes it easy for people to find just about anything without a large hassle.
what are they doing on the computer you ask; well lets, find out.
this is because he is sharing family memories and those of his home.
go to the gym, a vacation without a computer.
or how much would it cost?
this is the mood expressed in the memoir.
millions of books were eradicated along with their owners all because of a religious difference.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have affect on people because firstly, it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
i am a useful tree among
so the setting most definitely affected the cyclist
first you get a head ache; then your mouth dries up and desperation gets in and finally you get dizzy.
a whole new life embraced just so that their children could have a better life, his parents rarely did things for their own benefit.
when we meet up catch.
people can use a webcam, aim, or email to communicate with other people.
many local sports have lost teammates due to lack of desire for physical activities because of computers.
this is the last reason why i feel computers are bad.
so this ride was torturous due to the setting.
this is because when spring comes a end the lady is going to practice driving so when she takes the test she want fail.
i do not think it bothers anybody by what other people are doing there, if it is not bothering them it should not bother anybody else.
i really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture.
many people need time to think about what is happening in their life and they cannot do this our internet.
it interferes with social time, health, and physical activities.
just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild?
and we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days.
putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society.
i could make that.
having computers will help raise a students grades and help them have a more successful life in the future.
this can teach the younger kids what is wrong and right, as well let them be aware of what life is about.
this should be censored in libraries.
helps you when you need info on a person, place, or thing.
i am extremely grateful to computers because i can keep in touch with my friends and relatives.
these express the passions and skills that followed the author to adult hood, holding a special place in his heart.
the use of computers has allowed me to stay in contact with distant friends and relatives.
in all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world.
there are some downsides to having computer in the house.
so would you rather be stuck in a library looking up information forever or out enjoying your life because you saved all that time by going on the computer?
the features of the setting of do not exceed posted speed limit greatly impact the cyclist, in a negative way.
i think that both these opinions are correct.
dear , is a lot of technology including the biggest hit, the computer.
the hills made the cyclist work harder therefore use more energy.
i'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe.
go out and have a marvelous day.
this is why i believe that computer you.
as i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education.
statistics show that people who are using computers excessively tend to have drop in their grades.
if libraries were censored more people would be upset.
settings positive effect in this instance changes mental state from negative to positive.
i can relate to this because i have also heard some things that i am not proud of such as foul language.
let me just say this is a lot better than having to write with a pencil.
you can talk to people on certain websites.
there be children who look through that same section, although their parents should be monitoring what they are checking out at their local libraries.
the more your use your computer the faster you will trash it.
well we can do something about that.
some people say bibles should be allowed in libraries.
the more we all get used to it , the less many people will actually run into items that offend them.
first, we can learn about the places we want to go to.
you can even get a college degree online if you wished.
the final reason why we use computers is education.
in a junior high school the standards should be different compared to an elementary or a senior high school.
movies have a rating system for a reason.
he went the way the old men told him to take.
some people would agree that some online games are educational.
then they type a response and it comes back to you!
magazines show us the hottest trends, the gossip in the celebrity world, and some great facts from educational magazines.
look at what our world has become.
if this freedom were to be taken away, it would definitely not go unnoticed.
if i was an adult i would not want my child renting very graphic books, magazines, etc.
dear , a recent survey said that out of doctors think the advances we have made with technology and computers is helping us rather than hurting us.
these are the reasons why the computers is a bad thing, so remember these tips, take this article into consideration.
the help each other whenever one is in need.
every player cooperates with other player in defeating the other side.
censorship happens everywhere you are.
it saves time and effort with a more professional result.
first, people can learn about what is going on around the world.
this can help for future researching, and school purposes.
the features in the setting in the story rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the biker.
there is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it.
in a time crunch situation like college or high school, speed is everything.
your net sustaining the right amount of vitamins you need daily, at a computer screen.
not the profanity or the violence that will one day be apart of their life in some way.
a guy travels to where he meets old timers and the give him a shortcut to the park.
it could only get worse.
this can be stopped if we all join together.
so if you see something offensive in a book or movie or outside.
if censorship is allowed, what is to come is frightening.
i also feel like censorship is making people soft because everything is censored and when people get into the real world they get hit hard.
parents who prefer their own children not to see or listen to certain materials have the right to censor the materials away from their children.
these hills reduced his stamina greatly.
in this environment everything looks the same for miles.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and a loving one.
next , it is easy way to make friends from other towns.
i believe that if we always resort to censoring books then we will become a less creative society.
this is the most important reason of all.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist in the story.
that choice to look at that magazine, read that book, or listen to that song should be left up to them, not made for them.
that is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
they do not need books and movies that make it worse on them and make them think bad things are good.
he tried everything to get water but made it through with almost no water.
i know i do.
he can jump high across a fence and run very fast.
there is no appropriate standard on what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be undetermined as to what makes a book offensive.
a person is a human being.
my leaves for thatching their houses.
overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life.
there, are many other useful advantages of computers.
in order to beat this heat you need lots of water which is one of his biggest problems.
also, in books this is becoming an issue.
it was difficult to pass the time.
there was no one in sight not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family.
middle school student.
they act as an information highway and connect people together.
freedom of speech was once a huge part of our country.
i know people who are addicted on because, they get addicted to talking to people, and looking at other people.
for example same good exercise.
it just makes you think about your family and all they do for you.
computers have an effect on people but in a negative way.
dear of ; technology seems to have a positive effect on people.
have the books, and other writing pieces rated in the same way that movies are.
even adults listen to this stuff and watch all of this stuff.
as i mentioned, computers bring about online communications.
so i did not get that book i just put it back and was mad at the people that treated my culture wrong.
are living a modern time, society is advancing everyday and computers are a huge part of it!
also if you somewhere faraway you can watch videos about that place.
some movies can also be offensive because of the actions in the movies.
do you ever get bored and have nothing to do ?
in addition he describes how even though his neighborhood shared different cultural backgrounds, they still lived together as a family.
everyday i spend at least our writing something up for school.
i eagerly wait for it all through the year.
my mom always says that that is how she stays close to her friends and that is the same with me.
this was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer.
if people find it offending they should stay away from those certain types books or movies.
physical and psychological defects are cured by colour therapy.
should we take off books that are offensive?
also saves paper which helps the planet.
her words are a metaphor for the family starting their lives again in , that not be as pretty, but it will survive, which is what matters.
the environment is a hostile one for a cyclist.
also, in the story he says i checked my water supply.
to start off, computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family members.
the hibiscus from her old home give her a sense of comfort.
thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and i hope you agree.
he does not claim any special favor for himself.
the same goes for , one learns about how to live a healthy life and this requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems.
will never forget his house and his gracious neighborhood and will never forget how his parent turned this simple house to a home.
computers give us a means of communication such as , , , and so much more.
one of the moods, is love.
it would be a really fun family trip.
which means the whole community can go pick out something.
say your a catcher, and then catch it.
then i learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it.
this apply to everyone else that they are not accepting it.
many more things that are in good use.
whether you like playing computer games or even if shopping for the best deal is you game; a computer will suit you.
as she was checking him out she was making small talk and asked, ' did you like your book, ?'
some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy.
children need books to provide an escape, to expand their imaginations, and to help them in school and life.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life.
when people start going on the computers they stop doing a lot of things.
books are a great blessing.
she also stopped reading the bible in her spare time to go on the internet.
in , they had to start their lives over entirely, taking whatever work they could find.
people all over the world are vastly different.
computers are great for people of all ages.
for example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving.
most people are offended by something and usually not everybody is offended by the same thing, which makes this issue impossible to deal with.
taking a book out of a library because of offensive material is not right because books are important no matter what is inside of them.
try a schedule.
in paragraph it says how the teachings have stuck with him his whole life and how import family and his friends were to him which creates a warm setting.
the author writes about how this small simple home was very special home to him and also how much it meant to him.
my father had carried sweets.
but you have no right to remove a book from a shelf that does not belong to you.
although some experts say that computers do us no good, computers benefit our society very much.
scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school.
to begin, the as the cyclist rode on for the first miles, he did not see anything in sight.
the mood created by the author in this memoir is love.
but first, was the heat which took a lot out of his body while trying to keep it cool.
when in a library environment people tend to be more and more on task.
also when her mother said you what?
having an account like this is said to be addicting.
this has happened to me before.
much of what is done on computers, like the study of faraway places, can easily be found in books.
the cyclist became dehydrated and was running out of water, the only water he
also, if the terrain was flat and smooth, the cyclist had less problems making the long journey.
go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog.
i believe that almost of kid are on the computer because they have nothing to or it is addicting.
with one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world.
the shehnai was being played very softly.
this opened my eyes and now, i, too, am grateful for everything and everyone i have in my life.
' books, movies, music, and magazines?'
information and how individuals seek it has evolved and is still changing at a rapid pace.
this world wold be nothing without computers.
they show symbolic meaning to the ever changing world as we know it.
and if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer.
if parents are so worried about what kids are reading or learning because of the world we live in now, lock them up.
everyone deserves to be heard.
in from: home: the blueprints of our lives the author creates a warm and loving mood.
they sit in groups of three or four.
the first reason being if you found something offensive it not be to someone else.
as a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done.
within seconds screen was with real and edited pictures of the flag.
for example pictures of weed, cocaine or pills are in books.
in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit, there are many features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
are some of them.
they need to make a living on the street.
computers help us everyday.
the next day she is on happy you are connected.
and those are my ideas on the subject about if people spend to much time on the computer but not as much time with friends and family.
another mood is that he is grateful.
and with computers, this is possible.
about of people say that they are addicted.
if you find something offensive that you read in a book or saw in a magazine to some people that not be offensive at all.
and the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature.
she is constantly on it.
we reached there in the afternoon and it was very cold.
imagine your favorite book, song, and movie.
we as a planet need to turn to , the only good thing.
people minds would not be wondering, learning or being kept excited.
the affect of the setting are two old timers sitting on their front porch out in the desert since carter was in office.
we have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life.
after riding through the desert, the cyclist would have wanted a nice rest stop, but all of them were ghost towns.
when i was a kid in grade, i read a book far beyond what most graders read.
that is why i think the mood created by the author in the memoir is lifting.
the author considered his neighbors family also, rather than just his parents and brothers and sisters.
yes, maybe computers are away time with family but what about or in that you have at to in over a year?
this is why i think bout the books and magazines etc.
the heat made him get dehydrated faster while he was using energy.
they need to learn about them first not by just looking on the computer.
today in the media there are many things that can be found offensive.
before computers you learned about things from books, and many of those books could not teach you as well as a computer does.
just picture it two girls, is mad at herself and at the world and hates a tape about angles.
these could be as plain as just taking out the trash or cooking meals.
he teaches grammar very well.
they watch inappropriate movies, when they should be watching something educational.
no sane person would want to take away computers.
millions of people died for saying the wrong stuff.
so he ends up running out of water.
no matter where the plant is being grown, it will always keep those traits.
and reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button.
so who is to say what offends people and what does not?
also save your job.
people should get to choice what they want to read or watch without others taking it away from them.
without a doubt, of teenagers have been killed because of talking online with strangers people.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
, radio, books, movies, magazines would all be uncensored.
through ideas such as this, you are not only taking knowledge, but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation.
when i asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no.
the addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or you see are real life situations and activities.
also, you can use specific programs like or to create a cover page for a project or a presentation for your corporal business.
they build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including & sports.
there are movies made for adults, but how many adults let their kids watch them to.
nowadays, many people take for granted the knowledge that can be obtained there.
so just take pictures of celebrity and put them on the magazine as their real size or take them off the shelves.
computers are great because they allow you to talk online.
life would have been much more difficult.
so computers lets us do anything and everything.
now days, everything is offensive to somebody.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph for many reasons.
dear local newspaper, computers are a waste of time!
certain television shows, books, and even some popular songs condone these behaviors that many are opposed to.
i would like to state on my behalf that i do not agree that computers are good for society.
one fairy came to me and greeted me with a sweet smile.
depending on what website you go to you can get opinions on certain places and events, which you cannot find books at the library.
just set good examples to help people not get those things that could be offensive
if its a good day the cyclist will want to rid.
dear , you know someone who lives faraway from you?
this is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry.
if you are looking at this story and thinking that would never happen to me, your wrong.
i have many reasons for this belief, but the three most important are going to be stated.
also, it brings us together to have a family movie night.
the different settings greatly affected his nature of confidence.
this is not true in a lot of places and we should value that as , not complain about it.
sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise.
thanks to many communication applications such as , , and , we can now communicate with a surplus of distant friends and relatives.
the scenery was very beautiful.
it is faster and more accurate.
some of the most interesting books to read are about murders, i think.
also, when he says, the ridiculously large snake blocked the majority of the pavement.
on search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more.
also, when i was in fourth grade i had to do a project on .
nothing that is what we could .
not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity.
for example, i am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying.
but i think that we need to find a balance between the two.
thank you for taking your time to ready what i really think about removing articles from libraries
in a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most.
every parent has different rules and guidelines for their children, and this is their right.
being able to put down anything on paper that you want everyone to know about is the to write.
this gives you a chance to discover people with the same interest as you.
so fight for the right to stop the addiction internet use and live a great life.
to one might argue that , the that stood by was loved by .
how would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazine were taken off the shelves of all the libraries?
you want people to lock a respect for nature?
the author seems almost detected by this.
you will be able to make more friends and better friends.
i makes them blind to enjoy nature.
you can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country.
they do not want their children to come in contact with things that might influence their decisions.
they try to do the same things as what there favorite artist or actor does.
ya not everyone is into a sexual book but there are some people out there that like to read about that stuff.
lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos.
every mind is special and different and will never share identical thoughts as his neighbor.
an example is the death of and how he caused the deaths of many on eleventh.
the number homes that own computers and they rate each home owns!
in conclusion there are many people that or not like the books or other things that they find offensive but every one has there opinion.
books materials like these make a difference in someone life other than you.
i think that if certain materials are offensive that they should be taken off the shelf, depending on how they are offensive.
the mood that the author created in the memoir is a very loving and caring one.
this might just be the greatest thing about the computer.
we stayed these until the park closed.
that quote directly describes what the man was feeling and how the hills effected him.
because most of the things that people like is in the books or movies that the library wont have.
sue to computers, many people are family and friends.
computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate.
besides all of the good things, computers do have bad qualities, too.
i say, make life better and get rid of computers!
not you should go to the park.
this caused the cyclist to become tired because after riding up and down your body gets tired.
so newspaper i hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great.
computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to get things done with.
censorship is based on a opinion someone has.
parents are guardians for a reason; they need to monitor their child and care for him or her.
he finally found a town with water, but learned his lesson from taking advice from strangers and old men.
some be very offensive but it only shows a past, others just be plain out racist or sexist.
this is not the way to go in society.
they should be put in a different position for children unable to find in the area.
the cyclist had a hard trail to bike in order to get to .
i believe that each individual person is entitled to an opinion.
a lots of uneducated children that stay home or do drugs in the street.
they mostly have kid movies not bad ones.
everyone goes to a library so i think it should be an open library and have all different kinds of books.
not every one has the guts to say something to the school.
everyone could express themselves everyday, in their own way
fact is that the library is a place where a person should be able to get knowledge, no matter what type of information.
he even told the concerned people what he expected to get.
finally, in paragraph it talks about how their arms and doors were open to anyone who needed them.
the source is very helpful to many people.
the middle of the story is about how she is having a hard time adapting to her new home.
i hope you write an article talking about the restrictions in libraries, and how they would make everything better off.
secondly, they make things very easy to do.
the features of the setting have an affect on the cyclist.
he picked out spoke on horizon and rode to them makes his way across the desert.
lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food.
none like to be a loner.
also, says that of people get to work faster when they look up traffic reports on the computer instead of listening in the radio.
however, yes i do believe that there are items in the library that could be censored.
secondly, flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
around paragraph , the author begins to talk about his pride in the success and determination of his family.
people should wont to get out and interact.
should i have the right to take away books from my child?
he talks about how thankful he is to have such a good family and that he can call his home a home.
not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people.
like when they read a story and it includes someone robbing a bank, or a song that refers to drinking or doing some form of drug.
that is why and the geese return.
there will not ever be a book that every human being agrees to be both appropriate and vivacious.
when i want to relax music helps me to center myself and open my mind.
when the school started my father took me to the principal.
the mood created is love.
some people find some offensive subjects interesting.
libraries have no right to censor books.
i think will help her do better on the test.
the content of what goes into a book is up to the author.
but computers can actually do the opposite.
therefore, the features of the setting affected the reader by highlighting the negativity of his situation, which in turn drives him to continue pedaling.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist during his trip
the mood was calm as if it was a wonderful place to be in that will also makes like wanting to live their forever.
for example, my grandparents live in .
when it became dark and we returned to our homes.
the man pushed himself and stopped thinking about water.
i have a half sister who i only get see like once a year or once two years.
the reason the author of the story winter hibiscus ends it the way she does is so that we know we can never give up.
finally, computers benefit society have the ability to locate missing people.
dear , i think we should have computers for great purposes.
they give people the opportunity to look at things & talk to that it traveled here they wallets empty faster than the speed of it.
jupiter is the biggest planet among all of them.
he encounters poisonous snakes and areas of no buildings or civilization all together.
i strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea.
because the day is hot the cyclist drinks lots of water.
unfortunately most newspapers have vested interests.
its their job to.
the teenage section is for me!
this is how the features in the setting affected the author of the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
our kids do not need to be learning about these sorts of things.
the author has a sentimental value to.
you finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen.
first, they help people learn by looking up information on different places.
the heat made it hard to keep riding.
my advise to libraries, keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area, away from younger people who react strongly.
again, the features of the setting that affected the cyclist are the desert, the high temperatures, and the bad water which he could not drink.
i always keep sending words wrong.
the sight was troubling.
also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades doing so.
in my life there have been numerous obstacles which i have had to persevere through.
that book should be in the hands of someone with a mature mind that really knows right from wrong.
offensive for me is when its not an appropriate thing like certain images, videos or bad words that should not be use for everybody to hear or see.
in the classic novel by , , the protagonist struggles through life in a world antagonized by the banning and burning of books.
censorship violates freedom of being different.
writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this topic.
life will become tough.
the author did a great job at creating those two moods and putting them into his memoir.
how do you cook an exquisite meal?
so the computer actually helped with real life activities.
many people like and have one.
that is what i think was the mood of the memoir created by the author is.
computers are growing daily.
people sometimes need a computer because they might be bored, so they can go online and play games and have fun.
this shows how grateful he is to his parents.
to be able to easily have a conversation with someone miles away is a sign of tremendous advancement.
for example some be offended be certain type of language used in books.
that affected him because he would have been more exhausted from peddling.
the author clearly loved their childhood and was filled by great experiences and a loving background.
additionally, the tone of the last paragraph is hopeful, which gives the reader a positive feeling.
and to that i agree entirely.
also its not always about what the library displays, but also about the parents who let their kids read things they are not supposed to read.
now you think we should do about computers.
my family used to spend a lot time together, but because the computer i never get to do anything with my family now.
the main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy.
have we made the world a better place by attempting to hide a part of history?
those things make her feel welcome and feeling that way will help her with her test.
a lot of our countries income is from our factories and companies in other countries.
this enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events.
it was a sad, hopeless laugh, mind you, but at least i still had the energy to feel sorry for myself.
next the benefits it has to society is people can learn things online.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
he also saw the grape juice factory and the bait store where he finally found someone else to give him directions.
picture yourself, sitting at your desk, talking to some friends online.
see now i have a since of humor.
in the essay do not posted speed limit the setting effects the cyclist in many ways.
when he found the towns that they spoke of all he found was ghost towns.
books are written for two reasons: allowing authors to express themselves and giving readers the chance to explore and relate to the imaginations of authors.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
so i hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.
discover how great an impact computers can have on your life with just a click of the mouse.
the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure.
also, when he passed the grape juice factory, it must have been torture to him since he was so thirsty.
as a result computers would improve the way we learn.
in opinion, for the music that is more adult you should be at least thirteen years old.
they never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences.
having one person read this could be a problem, now imagine having more than just one, a whole clique seeing this.
dear local newspaper , i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
while you like a book, i find it offensive.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world.
then it gets into talking about the hibiscus and how it reminds her of homeland and all of the good memories that she has experienced.
libraries have been around for ages, most of them started out small and now are big.
my reason is, people have many different tastes in the materials, so i believe they can read what they want as long as does offend them.
not only teenagers but the children and youth have fall into trap of the computer.
we can also use computers.
the last point i will make is that no information is bad information.
so keep our libraries filled with interesting things without censoring them!
people do not care much about their health until they fall ill.
libraries are very interesting in many ways.
the reason that i think computers people to learn about new.
many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites.
if some people see dead animals or bones they would think they could die.
you use a keyboard for all this so you also learn how to type.
it take over your life.
but the next thing he sees is a rundown old shed and a rusted water pump, and this troubles him because he is running out of water.
another topic most people argue about is books about sex or drugs.
some were enjoying boating.
her mother then wipes the green matter of and asks her to plant it.
it is also unknown that what is offensive to one person, might bring joy to another person maybe of a different race or ethnic background.
i return home at two p.m. and then take my lunch.
many song artist write about love, money, and fame, yet others write about drugs, profanity, and suicide.
some of the material in the section is not always bad, sometimes it contains material over war, and recessions.
also you can make plans with one of your friend on something if they live really far or something like that.
many people, instead of going to the will go to the .
either way everyone has their own opinion of what makes a great book.
if the reader does not like it and finds it offensive, then they should not read it.
or inside the front cover the librarian could put a warning note on there to show the person that there are some things in there that offend someone.
electricity is used in place of coal.
many hazards and rigorous features affect the cyclist.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
if your on the computer for hr.
you know that you are on addict when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer.
my point of view on this topic is simple.
i think the mood of the story is happy because the story tells about all the good times had in his house.
also, from different types of reading, censorship has definitely become a serious issue, but it should be abolished.
i love her more than my life.
for example we can talk to friends on line.
now it be the easiest way but also the most boring, i mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person?
in my opinion everyone has the freedom to choose what they want to read, watch, or even listen to.
how times do you use the computer in one day?
dear local newspaper, have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer?
it also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate.
on certain websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them.
my father bought me few picture postcards, and my mother also shopped a bit.
because the setting of the story was in the desert the cyclist was affected more then he had thought he would be.
the cyclist depicted in the essay is greatly effected by his surroundings.
humanity relies way to much on the computer.
these features of the setting had to affect the cyclist.
there were other features that would negatively affect the cyclist.
also, the lack of people and civilization affected the author.
it can be inferred that he meant they was obviously out of date when across directions since the ones they gave him were not correct.
as you can see computers are important.
if you found a book in your public library offensive, would you want that book removed from your sight and public view?
features of the setting really affect a cyclist
another thing that affected the author was that he felt like giving up because the terrain was too harsh.
the local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
yeah there be a down fall to keeping offensive things in libraries.
eye protection is important.
some people type as fast as cheetah runs.
most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport.
another mood that was created by the author was sadness.
instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item.
others like it like you like your favorite candy.
dear , i have recently heard about the debate on whether or not computers are used too often.
instead of requiring humans to work in dangerous locations such as deep water, computers can be sent down to visualize the before unattainable areas.
you can see them and talk with them.
anyone can go their.
that meaning is life.
my answer to you is to not just throw everything out that be offensive, or that you might not want your child to see.
basketball is played between two teams.
in conclusion, these have been examples of how the cyclist was affected by features of the setting.
in hos winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with a meaningful paragraph.
censorship to most people means much more than the average syllable word.
television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer.
the first example of this is in they are riding on hills, it makes it much harder for them.
by saying she would try to pass the test again in the spring is showing she is confident and is looking for a new beginning to come then.
i hope i made you all realize what a computer is really for.
we can have teacher help tell the kids an let them no that it not right for them to watch that.
lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it.
the games are also fun and non violent.
features of the setting affect the cyclist in a great way his journey would not be as difficult if these factors had not crossed his path.
he is well trained.
those are the reasons i believe the author concludes the story with that paragraph
so we cant blame that.
i once knew a woman who would never allow her son to watch the series because of the use of sorcery.
that way no one would have to worry about a material being offensive.
you my even use information on the computer for a report statistics show of people who do reports, find their facts on the internet.
the librarians will not take books off the shelf for one persons opinion.
this is why they should have labels or at least a description on the back of these products that explain what could cause someone to become upset by it.
the same case with my mom.
so ya the are good
these books or movies are put out there for entertainment or learning purposes.
but we both gained something by reading the book.
secondly, the computer creates false personas.
in his neighborhood, many people were the victims of racism, so they all came together to be a stronger whole.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate in each other.
i believe that these materials should not be found in libraries.
the author also invited his neighbors into his home and was very close to them.
because of the humidity, the cyclist nearly ran out of water when he had to cycle up, short, rolling hills () in the hot weather.
computers can your family too.
then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements.
she has a beautiful white neck, two wings, a small tail and a tiny beak.
after the first chapter i had wondered who who call this a children book.
my next reason, however is even greater.
the theme of this story could be seen things discourage you.
writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle.
you can learn things on them or play games.
if you show a woman that same piece of clothing, she will have more than two opinions about the piece of clothing.
she still has hope of passing the drivers test.
our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today!
it can stop children from exercising enjoying the out doors and spending time with family.
the answer is computers.
people chat on , , , and email and people are bullied.
that way the book can stay on the shelf and be read by anyone
first and foremost, there are lots of things to do.
especially when you get older and have children.
if it is a child or a young teen then i believe that the parents should have a say in what their children read or watch.
a survey done by the () showed that of between ages are overweight because of their computer use.
that being the first time ever being on that rode and having only not of date knowledge about it made the cyclist rework.
my last reason would be that nowadays everyone nos computers.
are many books, magazines, and movies out that contain content not necessarily appropriate for young children.
in a recent report the states that in the past five years; the number of driving students who pass on their first try has almost doubled.
recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is.
he gets everything without doing anything.
also you can see what people your age do for a living.
the cyclist witnessed the intense features of the setting.
they should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities.
he ended it this way to show the themes of this story.
a good thing to you could be a bad thing to another, and what if that disappeared?
the electricity that runs computers of this radiation.
first reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or people.
a computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people.
in a since, the plant comforts her.
there is no way to see this, but one thing you enjoy maybe be offensive to others.
they help students learn more and could possibly help you start your own business from your home.
you can see here the positive effects of a computer.
this is about half the day!
means that their will probably be some naked and sexual play into the video or song.
i have family members in .
thus they make this world a better place to live in.
i will always be grateful to my parents for their love and sacrifice.
they should put some magazines on the shelves that people will want to look at or read
all this would do is cause problems for everybody and just make everything go bad.
if one parent could pull a book off a shelf then another could do it and soon you would not have any books.
he does not misuse the facilities provided to him.
what have you been taught?
it says in the essay the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
then the children become cereal killers or go on a shooting spry at school.
after reading the book, i might not have enjoyed it, but it was my choice to read it.
then there would be no more author and more actors and actress.
they made a simple little house into a great home for everyone.
he is very helpful to all.
why should be removed from a library?
on computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away.
by censuring what children are reading or listening to is a way to make them be children.
the section has music which teens listen to.
the article was obviously biased and did not have any teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad.
i think that computers detach people from reality, create false personas, and has no physical benefit.
i think this is explaining exactly how dehydrated the cyclist actually was.
should materials that are offensive be taken off shelves?should movies you loved and use to watch when you were a kid be gone in a instant?
they seemed to be quite indifferent to me.
the mother would be taking away what i like to read and watch.
would have took about years longer to crack the code of the genes of we did not have computers.
the experience is not the same.
this is how they show the warmth kind of family mood in this memoir, .
to whom it , i have recently heard about your argument on the effects that modern day computers have on society.
learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted.
you are not required to read or listen to any item that you do not want to see or hear.
in the end i got the game anyway.
the effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing.
for example, when you have an essay to right about .
in libraries there are some reading materials, that some find offensive.
there is a much easier solution that censoring those books.
the game goes for adults that love jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else.
people can use them to type papers or reports, makes graphs, and other important things for us.
i eased past trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state this quote proves the dehydration of the rider.
racism is a very hurtful thing.
is usually online.
another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town.
a second reason is that computers just keep taking money out of your pocket.
my hobby is reading books.
that people think up in there heads about life.
he keeps the school notice board up-to-date.
a good movie would be .
lastly, computers let you meet new people online.
because not all people have the same interests.
of you eating an not exercising, because your worried about the computer.
the apparent mood in this story was love and the family had much of it.
this story is about different cultures coming together as one.
just look what happened in .
here is my conclusion.
perhaps, the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether.
when in the desert one must keep cool or perish.
i do not believe that anything bad or offensive should be shown to any little kids.
the government has given people freedoms.
it also helps you to look things up like people, states, and etc.
also, you can use it for researching purposes.
more and more people are becoming obese.
there maybe somethings out there in this world that you think are offensive, but have you stood up and told that company yourself?
there are two referees who conduct the match.
overall, computers serve many helpful purposes for people.
the clerks take their own time in verifying and registering.
for example, this sentence includes both the geese and the hibiscus, representing her new home, and the old, together in harmony.
it also allows you meet new and different people.
mom!!!
because, everyone has different life experiences comes different views on what offends them or not.
also, people go to libraries to find something out.
it gives them time to grow up themselves.
around nine at night, it started snowing heavily.
but if someone has to write a report on , it would be best to have as much information on him as possible.
people naturally type about thirty words a minute.
we still got to talk and have a nice conversation.
if there is a book that you find offensive in a public library i do not think it should be removed.
not everything in our lives has to be controlled by someone, so people should lighten up and give some freedom of choice.
but how were they put to use has little evidence.
literature and history gives us many bad examples of war and its hardening effect on human mind.
he was lucky to find a fish camp in the middle of nowhere and to have found water.
people live in all parts of the world, and those that are lucky get to meet a lot of people from different places in the country.
not their choice though.
he took the help of another bus driver.
there should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history.
the use of verbal and visual examples is the only way we learn who we are.
but the most important part of using a computer is to enjoy it, and have fun!
they should have a a good development turds learning.
then a movie arises that is offensive and it is taken off the shelf.
i can take over your life.
people are on the .
one feature of the setting that can have an affect is the terrain.
computers can put people who not know any better at risks.
computer games only cost about and are instant access.
this was bad for the cyclist who was running low on water because he had been hitting (his) water bottles pretty regularly.
many adults say that our world has changed so much from the time when they were younger.
for all of these reasons, i proudly say that i believe that these different books, movies, lyrics, and magazines should be kept on the shelves
computers are addicting also because of online computer games.
for example rumors.
time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer.
she is saying how she is going to try to take the test again because of the fact that she failed the first time.
those people use the computer everyday but they use it correctly only for and they are just well are very smart and get good grades in school!
she said now all the new things seemed weird to her when she first got here , but now they are second nature to her now .
we need computers in life to help us do jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and for research on homework.
like in the movie they are beating up and killing people just because they are colored.
you know you can always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day.
he plastered him on his ribs.
also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well.
all of my experiences seem to point to not reading books that cause distress or controversy.
the cyclist shows that it is really hard for him to move without water.
many books that people think are bad just have a terrible word on one page.
if people spend time on computers they will not get off and be stuck on computers then spending time like going to the park, or the mall.
in the story, the mood the whole time is calm and relaxed.
many people in use the computer to talk to one of their old friends and catch up on things.
lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive.
nothing should be blocked from the public.
in other words, censorship is part of fascism and should not even be considered in society.
population has a computer, and check email or go on the computer every ten minutes.
my mother & father had come to this country with such courage, without any knowledge of the language or the culture.
lastly, interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer.
the author created the mood of happiness that the authors parents went through such struggle, but in the end everything turned out fine because they have family.
generally children should be running around burning off their calories; even some people in their teen years should.
they do because they are trying to get guys to buy them just for that one pitcher that is in it.
it was a lovely evening.
other people know that they need to do something but keep putting it off.
this can not be true!
this in turn helps to keep our minds healthy.
for example, since she has move to the united states, she feels homesick.
should public libraries have to censor some of the books, movies, and music they have on display?
some of the reasons i think this is because like in paragraph .
has lots of fun games you can play.
the reason is that benefits society.
freedom of speech, freedom of ideas, freedom of thought.
when he gets to an actual running store, hes relieved.
these libraries would be loosing business to the people who maybe like the kind of stuff that they not.
until they reach an age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best.
know anything about the sport know how to dress for it to keep their body at a comfortable temperature but sometimes the weather plays tricks on us.
people like reading about sports because it is interesting to read.
the setting of the story seems tragic to the cyclist.
in the end, computers can teach you many things.
the cyclist is affected by couple different things.
i think that they should show us respect to and let us read and watch movies about the genres of books and movies they take away from us.
then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life.
when one is censored, they are essentially giving up the right of freedom of .
had a earthquake we went on websites for that.
and with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further.
computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long.
helping you with anything.
a teenager goes into the to look up a book, they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on there topic.
think off all the calories that build up without exercise.
before every game our coach would motivate us by giving us a speech to get us pumped up with profanity in it.
the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym.
if the cause is if its offensive then all books should be gone.
, courage is a good quality to have.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph in order to end the story on an optimistic note.
music people say, has its effect even on trees, plants, animals and their growth.
a lot of children use the library.
his family had many rich culinary skills.
taking away these books will limit education.
make sure your green stays in your wallet.
with censorship should be removed from the grade schools and middle schools and not high schools.
dear local newspaper, this is a letter about how i feel about the effects of computers.
i would keep all types of books in my school if i were the principal of my school.
i was having a hard time understanding the math.
what can you do?
socializing over computers not be as effective as socializing in person but it gives the quieter people.
in conclusion that is how the features of setting affected the cyclist.
i think the mood is kind of both happy and sad at the same time.
that is not healthy for anyone.
we need to stop all this over protection in our libraries of all places.
the in the story is happy this is because he got to move to the and be born hear for a better life.
another mood expressed in the memoir is love and kindness.
who says children should be allowed in the adult sections?
the effects of computers on me are very good.
way too people get away with way too many things in this day and age.
for instance have you ever wondered what the capital of is?
here are some reasons why you would agree to removing somethings off the shelves like sex.
gandhi did not like it.
as he began to ride into the day break of morning he had strong legs and even a smile on his face.
computers are an essential learning tool for school system today.
also this house has been this special to him, by spending his childhood there and also how he got love from his parents in this house.
i hope i might have changed some opinions of you today, if not then your loss.
the different views of people can vary from a lot to none at all.
i think certain things that people find offensive, are only offensive to those kind of people.
how the features of the setting affects the cyclist is the condition of the roads, rolling hill, and the??
dear i think that computer have bad effects on people.
this was wrong.
when she returns she plants the hibiscus.
he uses tone words to describe how had things are when he says, the water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips.
also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it.
they give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet.
the cyclist had trouble finding water he needed, and thought he might die of heatstroke in the conditions.
i rather their parents talk to them about that and stop hiding things from them.
computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist because of the many things that could make happened to him.
dear leader of the local newspaper, i have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society.
this tells us everyone in the neighborhood is nice.
dear readers of the , computers are machines that have been around for years.
and even help you with your job.
they are meant for learning purposes and for work or school.
lets say for instance that they brought their laptops but for at their cellphones.
parents should also care about what there child hears or reads if there young.
& out of students have computers.
libraries are found all over the .
i you to be in of negative effects on people.
what gave them the right to decide what their people could or could not read?
although she is upset about failing the test she will certainly be ready to pass it in the spring.
the room is well-furnished.
we have troops fighting for our freedom of press and freedom of speech and censoring books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms our country has given us.
there was a number of things that affected the cyclists during his travel.
everyone cannot be the same it just would not work.
play a game.
many people in different cultures find many different things offensive.
he can read and write hindi and english.
furthermore, if i needed is contact friends, i just them, rather than speaking in person,.
how could a student be so certain their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher?
this enclosed creature later develops in to a butterfly.
but instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun.
many kids, or even adults, spend precious family time playing the sims creating their own ideal family.
you never know.
that was the mood that was conveyed in the memoir.
someone might need a certain book for a project.
the loss of books has been seen throughout history.
the teacher’s table stands on a platform.
he should have lovable habits.he should have good manners.
but now they want movies or music.
also, some say using a computer can give you hand eye coordination.
no one wants to pay more than they have to in this economy.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
not even the people that publish the songs and put then on the radio.
some believe that it is necessary others would disagree.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people.
people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers.
first by subject, down to the author.
parents can censor what their kids read if they want.
my whole family lives in and it costs us twice as much to make a call there.
if there is going to be offensive material in a library then you should be a certain age to rent or read .
if schools are allowed to continue censoring books, then this could lead to a downward spiral of all being censored.
imagine if an woman brought her daughter of years into the library to find information about a school project.
when he was driving home he pulled out on a highway at the wrong time.
you gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills.
it shows new realization and how the hibiscus inspired it.
before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly.
it would be extremely frustrating to find that a library, which is supposed to contain content on nearly every subject, does not have what your looking for.
or do you think they could be useful in many ways?
that is why we should have computers and use more.
it is everywhere: books, movies, songs, and television shows.
grow up, put whatever is that offends you down, and walk away.
books, magazines, movies, and music are created with a huge diversity.
in your right ear.
so i think everybody should be off computers.
children can learn rude or nasty things that their parents might not find alright for their child.
you can gain a lot of weight by sitting down and using the computer all day.
smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill.
they should be supported because they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online.
you even decide to cut the sports from your life.
some of these relatives live very far away or not have a phone to talk on, so you can talk to them here.
i know that a lot of people like to be outside when its a nice sunny day.
when my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days.
the author clearly cannot face the rugged heat with his immense lack of water.
in the town everybody mostly has computers.
some believe that this would be a concern because it affects peoples health.
if they do not hear about it in movies or magazines, they are probably hearing about it at school.
so she wanted to take it again, around the time of a new beginning; when the geese fly over again and the plant grows.
some times they are a nuisance to the society.some beggers supply clues to the thieves.
it would be useless for the adult to hide things from them until the age of , when they are legally obligated to consume any sort of knowledge.
as a student, i will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily pull a student away from their studies.
than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want.
the person was going to a place far away with out any food or water for miles.
leaving the readers to formulate their own decisions about what they believe.
with a good strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym.
it is found almost everywhere.
i also saw their coins and other articles.
we live in a world with many different ideas, thoughts and beliefs, and we all need equal right to share them
instead of removing the books others love to read, what we should do is rate the books like we do movies and music.
i reason that computers are more unhealthy for us.
these people are so smart, they figured out a way to have school online.
to the past computers have caused problems with the human body.
such as google.
i enjoy every genre of music and books.
fact, children have more friends over the internet then ever.
it was dry and bumpy, not to mention that there were creatures such as snakes on the prowl out there.
there are countless religions in the world today, many of which are accustomed by their own god(s).
thank you very much.
for even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying miles.
how the features of the setting affect the cyclist by taking and not had the right setting.
he was so happy that he wanted to kiss the owners of the camp.
this sentence and last few paragraphs change the mood a great deal.
your parents will be with you, can possibly be in to the light company.
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
last but not least, computers teach skills that can be applied later in life.
it was important to express this again.
books or movies that are considered offensive could also be given their own section of a library.
many people actually believe materials in a library are too offensive or inappropriate.
there are many different types of books.
the coolies are seen sitting in a row.
with all of the problems in the setting the cyclist still comes through to end his journey.
did you know that out of homes have at least computer in their home?
let us start with books.
but by dispensing alms as charity, we do not help them.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers effect people in a positive way.
this shows that they show affection for one another and that everyone is the same.
the cyclist was astonished of what he had stumbled onto and appreciated that he was still alive.
we know this was the case for the cyclist because he says, but not before i gathered up a few pebbles and stuck them in my mouth.
computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy.
to conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
books are essential to a students growth into adulthood.
the first girl asked.
movies should be judged a little more carefully in my eyes, because movies are like show and tell.
they will get many facts about that place.
i believe that if you find a book offensive then you should not read that book.
you could always because it is always better to make new friends.
although we have the amendments there are still restrictions on what we are aloud to publish.
in fact even the internet has books to buy and read.
with these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place.
anything you can get on any other technologies.
however, when adjusting to a new area, you should still remember your past home as well.
they are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it.
i believe the libraries should carry the movies and if someone finds them offensive they should simply not watch them.
so lastly join me and help the world know that computers are good!
i never would have though it would have been that bad because of its rating.
all in all libraries should not censor books or any kind of reading material.
nothing that would be inappropriate for the school rules though of course.
here is another reason why the computer is great for society.
then , what is originally a sign of hope because another let down.
it would be targeted for more kids that are fourteen years and younger would like.
the mood is also sad.
if the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would nothing left to read, and the intelligence of children would drop dramatically.
we entered our compartment.
one reason is that you can explore things at home.
two: they can look up things to help them.
when they say , they mean .
do you have any computers in your house, if so how many?
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect.
take a walk.
because theirs always some one out their that likes that one book that you might want to throw away.
the story also talks about a snake in the road.
these are all the reasons that computers have a bad impact on the society.
for example, he listened to the old men who gave him wrong directions to where he wanted to go.
all the teachers and students like him.
so my conclusion is that everyone is different they like different things and dislike different things.
afterwards, said they felt an improvement in their mood.
you could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those.
then i realize that i was making mistakes.
they might think some things are offensive while other take it as a normal thing.
the author ended the story in such an inspiring way because it strengthens the theme.
finally, i feel that computers will day life.
the first time he mentions the setting, he states he is in a ghost town, two sentences after he states that the sun was beating down.
that the parent has to sign before that says, ' child can see or hear the materials being displayed.'
i would enjoy my hobbies and complete some urgent duties also.
i believe that computers are beneficial.
so do computers really benefit to our society?
but that does not mean that i spend my whole life on it like others.
the setting in do not exceed posted speed limit adds drama into the story by how it affects the cyclist.
in the beginning, the narrator is content and excited.
then you buy it or sell it.
many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences.
and in a way thanks his parents for everything.
there are plenty of reasons someone want to do this.
we learn so much information from all sorts of books.
say for instance the person is offended by hip hop music.
i believe that is the reason people do not like certain books in libraries.
we found that the computer manual booklets says to only go on for an hour at a time.
they will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way.
also, those been who suicide because they were bulled on the .
another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends.
music is like a drug to me, and i am addicted.
today in libraries there are many books of all types.
many schools are offering typing classes to try and help students.
computers are also useful for lending us the ability to research far away places or other topics that they just have.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have an effect on people.
computers can be put to good use for many different things.
do you want to look up information fast?
this shows the closeness of the people in the neighborhood had and this represents the love as well.
or now, you can even instant message somebody and talk to them like there in the same room.
he mentions throughout the story, how he is so grateful for his family, like his mom and dad.
in the following i want to explain my opinion towards censorship in libraries.
i think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids.
computers are breaking up families, and friends.
parents and adults do not want us growing up so fast, and yet they allow sexual, crude language movies to be on the shelves of libraries.
and would invite people into their home until they got back on their feet.
where are the parents out there?
he sweat to much to the point that he lost an enormous amount of bodily fluids.
dear: i think computer are one of the most inventions ever.
did you know that of children are obese at young a young age?
people will: watch, listen, read anything.
it was a beautiful place.
or the big dragon came from .
that is a part of the desert.
i thank that all of the books and movies and more should not be censorship because people have a right to no what they what to no or see.
computers are advanced our world little by little every day.
there were many features of the setting that had affected the cyclist.
the girl felt very bad about failing the test which makes the reader feel sad.
there are a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religion.
people that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse.
the most talked about feature in the environment was the lack of water.
sometimes those books can get into the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burned.
things that look bad tend to be censored.
first of all how do we define offensive?
in the end we never know whats better till we try.
if you have a favorite sports team, band, or are interested in a famous figure, you have tons of information on them at your disposal.
it is our life.
instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job.
in addition, employees will definitely go to a different library without the bad music and the violent movies.
grownups working, .
this cyclist seemed to have bad wick.
it is by the side of the
our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed, rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward.
this is second reason.
i myself love to use the computer, but i make sure to get off after about an hour.
say, maybe some sort of book that highly deals with drugs, alcohol or even sex?
the author further emphasizes the mood by using words like aromas, passionate.
even the magazines have things that are just way too inappropriate for some people.
my opinion on the varieties of things found in our library are good.
another thing i would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing.
in this article i am going to talk about the way libraries sensor their books.
but i also believe people can spend to much time on them.
the world needs people who challenge ideas and religions.
these computers provide access to games helpful in training.
football, volleyball, cricket, running, and swimming are a few such games and sports.
the main setting was that he was riding his bike in the desert.
people can be offended in the most easiest ways.
dear newspaper, this year my school and a cop come into my school and tell me and my peers about the dangers of online.
and if we were to take all of those movies and books off of the shelf then there would be very few subjects and title to read and watch.
i think this censorship issue is a prime example of that.
for example, a book about slavery could be offensive to a white man, but a black man would consider it to be about his history.
another example of an author influenced by his time and upbringing would be .
you can play a number of games off the internet.
movies are good about it though.
the cyclist was becoming dehydrated, and began to lose hope.
this makes me think of drama.
this is fine; if the person choosing the material is of age then he or she should have no reason not to choose advanced material.
he made me feel like i was invited to his home with open arms and i could feel the environment around me.
henceforth, i believe that computers serve a positive advancement in technology and its effect on people are rather great.
recently, it has been bought to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
they now have planes that can be flown by a man far away and this would save there lives even if it gets shot down.
it has a lot of hills, which would make him use more energy.
computers effect us in a very good way and they change our every day lives, children these days cannot type.
computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes.
many people might agree with the author about what she thinks about this.
a lot right?
your getting exercise & exploring nature too.
so then i decided the next time i have a project to do it on the internet.
what will you do?
just keep reading you never know how the story might go on.
maybe that is some kids favorite book and when he comes in there the next day it is gone.
at this point children our taking it very serious , and strongly believing they can do the same .
also, everyone today listens to music.
a little sparrow comes and sits on my window sill every day.
for example, in my recent project in social studies class i need to go on the computer to get information on the subject.
as he kept going, and sort of got of cause, he began to come into the desert region.
i feel censorship is a waste of time for the government.
the recess period is very exciting.
second, of teens living in the have become addicted to using the computer.
also the rocky roads affected him because he barely had any water left, and rocky tent to take more strength and endurance.
we are just taking away something that is really big to us , and without those books there is no history for us to study.
as the author observes in paragraph , wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, i could drop from heatstroke.
i feel this way for several reasons, but three in particular.
you can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government.
they also have web sites you could go on just to play them.
the answer to solving this problem to me is black and white, children should just not pick up those types of materials end of case
she told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken.
i think that computers have a bad effect on people.
students such as myself are inferior to being popular or noticed, so they feel the need to do things to become noticed.
oh i know, i know, all of family and friend time was wasted into being on the computer.
every human being does not have the same taste in what they read, listen to, look at, and watch.
i firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect.
people are very easily distracted on computers, it wastes time, and it causes stress.
not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world.
their are good and bad books, but that all depends on the opinion of the reader.
this blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books.
all information is helpful in some way.
computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society.
computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects.
by saying this, i do not think music should be taken out of libraries either.
the computers are cool.
and that is the mood of the memoir.
this is why i think the authors mood is happy and calm.
on the other side though, a lot of people use a computer for work and school.
i think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast.
some of these books have historical meanings behind them.
surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it.
books give us the inspiration to do great things.
artists are now able to do things were now a new art form of video games has out artists do you like to express yourself do!
with millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities.
i know i would become angry if that would happen to me.
i know this is my thoughts and believes, people completely think what i wrote it stupid, some think its smart.
the only problem with this the ease at which this type of information can be gotten.
personally, i believe that computers benefit the society for many reasons.
they are able to make everyday life easier.
the speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean.
the ostrich is the largest of all birds.
for one, his body heat raised a good bit.
knowing that they would do the same for them.
also, deserts are hot.
they are the perfect tolls in modern society.
it is a nasty part of reality.
my mother who saw that my father was harvesting in the paddy field alone, went to help him.
students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone.
i believe that if there are offensive books,music,movies,and magazines are in the libraries.
all of these things impacted his journey with fear, caution, etc.
the setting of this story plays a huge part in the final outcome.
this is why it should stop because it damage peoples minds.
while some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report.
then the kid would probably want to see the movie and they would not know what the movie is about.
in our world today, there is a way to find anything that you could ever want under one roof.
i am able to understand how thirsty he is.
she wants to overcome her sadness and plan onward not leaving her memories behind but her pain.
we are very lucky to have a good neighbor.
if you have school work to finish, computers help will work.
the author is relating to that when the geese are ready, they will come back, when the flower is ready it will begin bud and grow.
but i believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people.
people use censorship as a way to make themselves feel like their a good parent or that the world owes them something.
if the cyclist were biking in the on a cold day in the mid he would not have a chance of suffering a heatstroke.
another reason is because of communication.
the answer is probably no.
his parents quit their jobs and came over all for him.
he realized that birth, life, and death, bring only sorrow to mankind.
you can even learn new recipes.
in conclusion, this concluding paragraph uses several symbols and devices in order to convey hope, good memories, and fresh start.
a computer is more educational than what most people would think.
no, i do not believe that libraries should censor anything.
going through this desert he ran out of water so he stopped.
the mood of this memoir is positive and can be described in great meaning.
in addition to, computers let you book flights, buy, tax rates.
computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things.
now i know some people not have grown up hearing foul words but many of us have.
most said it was flat but later came to know that it was not.
i think that children should not learn inappropriate material if they are not ready to learn about it, in other words if they are not age appropriate.
as i think about my experience in third grade, i wish i had never seen that book.
the computer also supplies an endless source of entertainment.
i also said worth living because they had food on their table everyday.
i feel that there are some positive and some negative effects from using the computer.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills this quote from the text shows that the cyclists terrain was changing and they affected him.
i also wanted to take you to the other side without computers.
than it keeps that mood going when he tells us about all the people that come over regularly for dinner.
change the radio station.
a third feature was his thirst.
reading, and writing is a wonderful thing to do and has been around longer than any human will ever know.
i believe the author created a great mood that reminds you of home and makes your heart smile.
these are the three reasons why i think the effects of the computer are bad.
the first reason why clearly, computers are not benefiting people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms.
by me knowing that i am aware of the fact that children are not exercising.
last, but not least, computers have a great effect on a majority of people.
have all kids stay away from offensive and bad items they are not aloud to be around.
i want to explain to you how i feel about computers personally.
so if the parent buys the child that that is bad it is the parents fault.
after the guy in the first scene has just been brutally murdered?
people like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside.
most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone.
never again will work be so difficult.
the text explains in paragraph !
she is talking about the hibiscus and the geese.
the most important thing i think he talked about was how he learned to love in paragraph .
censorship is a great problem.
as a member of society, i knew i would not want to read something not typed anyway.
in the memoir the author sets up a happy mood while remembering his child hood home.
it could also help us explore deeper into space and find more planets and galaxies.
you wont to have a real good laugh?
i think done all i could.
maybe, the states would become smarter and contain more knowledge.
situations will become better when libraries choose to censor and remove offensive materials from shelves.
well within it there most likely was a piece of information that was inappropriate, but would you like to see that taken off of the shelf?
you still have commercials, billboards, etc.
would have gotten a - for the project.
movies also give people something to do when they are bored.
the familiar fragrance filled her lungs.
i wrote the beginning it and my hand started to cramp up.
they allow you to send a message and receive a message on any day, at anytime, in any place with little of no hassle involved.
it could be happening with every letter you press.
they have become more popular than the library and text books combined.
while you can be on the internet for about day to night and still pay the same price.
you can also talk to the library manager and tell them the issue with the offensive it has given you.
such as, talk to friends, play games, even turn off your lights!
but mainly because of the recent issue.
my guess, not much.
then it would create a big conflict.
they want to sell and advertise their product and they have a right to do so.
some people listen to certain types of music to calm their nerves down.
it would also be taking away the artists' or authors' freedom of speech and expression.
flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
this shows that if family or friends needed help they were there for them.
you can easily keep fit if you obey the laws of health.
i hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them.
on the other hand, whose job is it to decide what is offensive and what is not?
therefore i believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good.
the road became bumpy and curry.
the setting in the essay rough road ahead makes the bikers travel a very difficult challenge that he has to overcome.
my final reason why spending to much time on the computer is bad is that your not enjoying nature.
not everything is decided by me.
know what i think most of you have learned from this is how to keep your children same.
with what i believed was my last burst of energy, i maneuvered down the hill, ().
all this things factor in.
there are only a few that i named but every age group has a specific spot at the library.
at this point, he is becoming unsure of how good the directions he obtained really were.
people would stop listening to that negative garbage.
in the preamble we are given rights to the freedom of speech and press.
it was a symbol of herself and the hardship she will overcome.
we should not give anything to those beggars who are healthy but they don’t want to.
the third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do.
only people would think its fun to home and go on the computer for no reason.
in the memoir he also explains how welcome people are and that everyone in the apartment building was friends or even family!
he is cooperative and considerate.
the mood is happy too because the parents did all of this for their child.
secondly, people, especially the younger generation, spend excessive amounts of time on computers.
i believe that it is unjust because the girl not have had anywhere else to go to get the information about her project.
shows students write papers so faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter.
sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but they always prove trustworthy?
he has two pet dogs.
these are reasons as to why the author has created memoir with a mood of happiness and gratefulness
every now and then you come across a book that changes your life.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
that means that the day starts at .
usually computers can do much more good than bad, and can make a persons life much easier.
spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is awful.
() her mother is trying to tell her she can be strong also.
removing the controversy will remove an aspect of education along with it, which is essentially the main purpose of a library
first of all he listened to the old man so he was on the wrong path.
its not right and its not fair.
books are suppose to be about learning.
hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers bloom!
computers greatly help families of today.
thus, if he ever reaches the next town.
when your on the computer you can look up some of the natural disasters.
i know i did.
many people enjoy books, magazines, and movies of this nature.
if someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts maintained inside of the text; the book must be stripped from the public.
it should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it.
throughout everything you do in a day chatting with friends is a good way to relax and have fun.
by taking away a book that students greatly enjoy it discourages them from reading altogether.
not only children some birds also love to eat ripe mangoes.
over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in all the way to the day the new year in .
then, the student will be able to successfully complete the project.
last winter, our family went to simla, a famous hill station.
they start to eat their feelings because of how lonely they are.
there should be equal rights all over, yes even in libraries.
they let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends.
that, at least, she could hold onto.
so there, you can be on task and get ready early.
dear , people are using technology.
then, they end hurting themselves.
it is sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place.
so as you have read i gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives.
looking at a computer screen and reading is a lot different then reading a book.
although many disagree with using computer technology, computers are often the way we communicate with foreign countries.
the peacock is a very beautiful bird.
i believe in freedom of thinking because it is the most valuable resource that we have, it is what sets us apart from each other.
because writers do this, makes a connection with the reader that they can understand and relate too.
a lot of people have used computers to learn different cultures.
the doctors’ advice patients to take orange juices as a medicine.
libraries are community centers.
if they had the freedom to take things, then there would be nothing for anybody to read, listen too, watch, eat etc.
oliver is my best friend.
my third reason is when people do go on all they do is eat junk food and get no exercise.
amazingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in a whole new way.
if someone wants to read a book or watch a video, they should be able to.
a workman of ivory spends a long time in learning the skill of carving ivory.
this basically means i can say what ever i want and support whatever i want.
at least or more kids are obese from recent studies.
so let me express my love for computers to you.
if there is a song that you dislike, then don' listen to it.
once you see what you like on it or what you want you can change.
computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination.
in the , there consists of many libraries that are available to the public with an interminable amount of information.
will that be the next thing that is censored?
the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible.
somebody thinks one way and someone else thinks the complete opposite.
consequently, certain people use computer because the help you with certain things.
furthermore, kids of all ages benefit from modern computers.
different people have different hobbies.
the setting had a huge affect on the cyclist.
statement was from .
the books that are on and off the shelf.
very big trees looked very small.
yup, trees are killed for them.
most of these victims do not return or are found.
not physical strength, but mental strength.
most of the time the true facts will always be there.
in the short story, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, the setting greatly affects the cyclist.
they think that children are the gifts of god.
yes, the cons can be annoying & sometimes serious.
in conclusion, computers have a strong effect on people today.
okay some book are bad and offensive but you have to look at it this way.
times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet.
the democracies feared communism due to its totalitarian government.
since you are sitting not doing anything else you start to eat a lot of snacks.
while on the internet you could talk to friends and family who live for away.
also, parents, instead of having an entire library censored, censor what children get from libraries.
all this does is restrict the public from finding new ideas to compare to and form opinions.
fear of death and disease will not hunt us.
i think they should really stop making those books or have their own stores to where like adults can go buy those books or whatever books they want.
children found it entertaining and adults did nothing.
not even worth it.
i think that there should be age limits for certain types of reading material.
i and my youngest sister remain at home some fear.
so get out there, and change now.
being hot was one part of the setting that affected him because he had to drink water a lot.
then, the student will be able to check out the material or can ask the librarian to hold the material when it comes back in for the student.
for one the helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them.
there are many games out there that you enjoy.
another is when the author says she lifted her head and watched as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly fading to the distance.
and the library need more style for the people are excited and take the books and read.
when i think of a i think of a quiet place that i can go to and read, or study.
my questions is, ' not let people read and watch something that they want even if it is offensive?'
so you go to the airport you are not surprised.
then you should have to be at least years of age to check it out.
this describes how the author is really dehydrated and he feels like his brain is drying up.
the computer is like a addiction.
not go and try to get it shut down.
i believe that with the advances in technology it would give us positive effects on people.
lets say i was in the library and i did see something offensive.
laptops have made it easier to block people out.
all those thing are some positive benefits people have computers.
in conclusion, the effects computers have on people are very negative.
when people grow up they usually have an idol whether its a singer, book writer, or actor.
this cyclist was fighting against strong forces of nature.
running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do.
now, i understand there is a vast amount of people who are against my position.
they can be done only by the help of a computer.
the author concludes this story with hope in this sentence.
he would never take the advice of anyone but his map again.
they breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen that sustains our life.
who knows what you can learn.
in conclusion, kids spend to much time on computers.
to conclude i think that computers have lots of effects on people.
how many schools have books that have racism in it.
in my opinion i think it is a great way so you can catch up on funny times that you can and friends shared.
when he talks about the love of culinary skills and cooking which is still with him today it creates a solemn mood that sets the tone of the story.
have you ever heard of online colleges?
the fact is that people cannot exist without strife and misery, and whatever people can do to cause that strife and misery, they will.
in the morning, the air is cool and very fresh.
every wants to get their extra weight off, but they can' because the want to check website or talk to their friends.
however, this does not mean that the libraries of should get rid of these books, videos, etc.
it is never right to tell people what they can or can not know.
his parents made it into a home with loving memories and his family moments.
hello , i am writing to talk about censorship in libraries.
this can improve foster writing, because you are moving the friend in your hand the same way you would move a mouse or type.
i cried every night for three weeks.
that can turn out very bad.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
(par ) this gives the memoir a sweet mood, the author shows his happiness and gratefulness for everything his parents had done for him.
art has had naked people in it for thousands of years.
did you know, over , people use their laptops for information and not games.
in the grocery shops people can buy grains, rice lentils and spices.
second, its a bad influence.
but remember not to stay on too long!
when this little piece of home gets bigger then she will try again.
with this in mind, there comes a problem with what is wrong and right.
taking offensive books out of the library will not stop people from reading them, but this will decline the library usage, and people will slowly stop reading.
dear , i am going to inform you that more and more people are using computers then spending time with their family.
not all censorship has to do with sex.
for example, the internet, and websites like , , etc.
private libraries can do as they choose they are not under any state law.
people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
i know this because of the following three reasons.
i have three reasons for this issue and they are , and .
music that sends negative messages and contains a lot of cursing in the lyrics should be censored, in my opinion.
when you are in charge of censoring what goes on the shelf many problems come into play.
yea they have their plus' and negatives hut computers are some what dangerous.
this allows the pupil to obtain his lesson and catch up on anything he or she has missed.
going outside is better for you to.
more than out of people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them.
it helps me think what i am going and calms me down.
getting fresh air can be good.
its easier now.
another person might find this book exactly what they are looking for.
this is how the change of setting affected the cyclist.
many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, or even days of sitting in front of their computer, they become lazy.
one of my interests in reading, i had to research about how reading a simple back can be related to science.
the authors battery was leaking acid so it was harder to make it over the hills.
dear , , walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screen i earning new and exciting, information they can everyday.
for example you would not see me reading a scary book , because it would just remind me of the movie , and i would have nightmares.
i believe they greatly benefit society.
lets say that there are two books written about the same true topic.
in my personal opinion, libraries would be better if books, magazines, movies, etc.
many things talked about in the books, are the same things talked about in the school hallways, what is the difference?
almost everyone who has a gets a blast surfing the internet.
the first is the town he came to was a ghost town.
while this be true for some people it is not true for .
most people that use computers are interacting with people someway somehow.
people each year use on line programs to plan there vacations and trips, for example my family and i planed a trip to in the of .
some people think that computers are good to use to help teach hand eye coordination, learn about other places in the world and talk with other people online.
in my opinion having computer is good to have.
our generations are just becoming more technology enhanced.
and you would be lonely because you gave up your family just so you can play a game on the computer.
there are all kinds of books out there and no two books are the same.
in my life explicit music seems to be something that some people are trying to ban.
instead of buying an airline ticket to see , you can go online to learn language.
it makes them happy.
have fun and learn lots!
so, please listen up so i explain why i feel this way.
this shows the author is dehydrated because it is so hot and he kept going even with a physical obstacle.
then i will take that test again.
sometime, someone have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
with modern technology, the world is better connected and united.
this emphasizes the mood, and he repeats it many times and the repetition helps build mood as well.
dear newspaper, or to whom this article concern.
this statement represents adjusting to change.
banning books can be good and also very hurtful in many reasons.
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
give our community the ability to reach out to the farthest parts of the globe, give them computers.
these issues above are serious health problems if not treated.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience.
computers also have different .
personally i think they are the worst of all.
but what if there was () computer!
the great lack exercise is causing health problems.
we logged on to google on found our direction .
thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips.
everyone is supposed to get at least minutes of activity daily, but no one ever spends that much time working out.
the hills make the cyclist exhausted and even more desperate for water.
i personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat.
in this paragraph he just gives an overall warm and inviting mood.
some jobs require people using or - computers are a necessity to get a well - paying job.
another way the mood of family is portrayed is the size of the house.
who wins, the people who find then offensive or the people who enjoy them?
dear local newspaper, i support the advances in technology, and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
some of these people that get these books might need to have a good heart about what the book is saying about the skin color.
then after over coming that, a large highway sign jumped out at him saying or reading, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
all of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same.
almost like a fun loving feeling.
computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life.
it is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech, whether it be books, movies, music, or magazines.
like say a high school paper.
some people like looking or reading things like that.
ended up staying with and getting married.
magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to be looking at and reading.
if it is a major issue that highly offends many people, it should not be in a public library.
, itself has influenced computer use.
the dry, rough, dangerous setting put the cyclist life in danger, but because of dedication he got through it.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was the love your home and all of the people around it.
furthermore, a book contain images not suitable for children.
also is expressed throughout this memoir.
secondly, many friends would get mad if you can' see them.
this is not tolerated but still it goes on through the world.
yeah, i get it that computers are very useful but they also kill your eyesight.
(par ) this gives the memoir a friendly mood, it shows that the author loved his whole neighborhood.
people deserve to read, watch, or listen to anything that they want.
many people believe that computers are positive towards our society.
that will be all
he started getting desperate for water, so he drank out of this hot water hole.
library workers should also make sure the adult materials stay in the hands of adults.
removing information from the library because it is offensive is essentially depriving people solutions to problems.
third, you can learn new exercise, moves or tricks.
a library should have a variety of books.
the temperature was so hot, the cyclist said he felt dehydrated.
it was hard arrived at the first town for author.
if you were a parent that was worried about your child reading about these kinds of things, well welcome to life.
they try to get him off but all he does is online.
are books and other things found in libraries offensive to some?
they need to be up and active.
another thing that needs to be removed is racial material.
i had no way of communicating with her until i found a program on the internet that lets you chat with people.
censorship is a major problem in the .
they are also good because they help you communicate with friends and help people make plans to do with friends.
when you buy movies a lot of times people check the rating on the movie to see if it would be appropriate for their child or even for themselves.
authors, publishers, editors, and directors all have a right to express their opinions in their work.
before you make an ultimate decision about something, give it a chance first.
a third mood in this memoir is compassion and dedication.
must be getting offended much more easily these days, because it seems that media is censored more than it ever has been.
these amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation.
not a criminal so why remove books from libraries?
the most popular and common of a computer now is communication.
some children go to the library without adult supervision and have freedom to check out whatever book they want.
she wanted to be back home.
this obsessive time leaves no time to keep healthy active and fit.
if you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries?
books, music and movies should not be taken from shelves for the fact that they teach us a lesson about life without it really happening to someone.
going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done.
while they had to leave everything behind they did it for their kids and for a new life.
my final reason why computers have good effect.
about of kids use computers to talk to there friends but some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad.
people can go to any library, from one in an elementary school to a public library, and you will always find at least one book about the .
lastly i believe that the libraries should not be able to tell us what we can and cannot read.
personally, i find comfort and my sense of being alone is dulled by these books.
her memories are going to give her strength to carry on with her life and try her drivers test again in the spring.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to illustrate the true meaning of the hibiscus.
all books and other arts were created to be read and enjoyed by people.
it is totally unnecessary for children to be reading such explicit material, but it is possible for us to prevent it.
a big thing that conflict with censorship is the idea of religion.
because that would mean the libraries would be gone
but if the libraries have censored content in the library, then kids would not enjoy it if they would have uncensored content.
some were discussing the law and order problem, while others were discussing the rising prices.
think about , my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size and now look she is in a size .
so the sun was able to effect him a couple of ways.
everyone has an opinion and likely someone will always find it offensive.
that candy could have been the guest favorite.
i visit the library every time after i finish my book, i have loved reading from the time i was little.
many a time she helps us in locating and selecting books.
computers are helpful in many ways, they can be an information post.
then decide whether or not it is offensive to even an adult audience.
using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated.
you feel it right to try and ban it again, but what does that solve?
i believe that the author left this as the last thing the reader will read, so it will be a message.
they are also a great way to learn.
in the memoir the mood that was created by the was saying family is the most important thing in life.
many hobbies can be used commercially and it can bring fame.
teenagers as well as adults have become very lazy.
therefore in the end books should be censored!
the features in the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
i believe that libraries should not censor their literature, all of our media is a fountain of knowledge waiting to be discovered.
so some people might like to learn about offensive things.
if someone lives to far away and their is something important then the is great.
if anything is to be banned, i believe it is censorship
lastly, a sense of gratitude runs along the spine of this piece.
libraries around the world need to better there restrictions, even laws to stop poisoning the minds of our young.
i believe libraries need to restrict items that will have a bad influence on children.
we want to see whether the person knockin is the postman.
should people have the right to take down other people ideas?
every human in the is entitled to their own choice of religion.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the hibiscus is keeping her from giving up.
the people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet.
they are entertaining, keeps in contact, and helpful with homework.
computers are very important to society.
thinking about her grandmother helps her to survive for better, helps her want to succeed in her new home.
if we start censoring books, writers will be forced to censor their personal thoughts.
books that are extremely offensive should be taken off the shelf or not put in a library.
my personal opinion is that they should not be removed.
he will never take after for granted or advice from old men ever again.
all these items are very animated things.
also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you.
i feel we all have the right o make own decisions and that we have the right to read or watch what ever we choose.
the other twelve percent said that their computer or cell phone is their most important thing in life because they cannot live without it.
books will take a few days and you only have days to research, create, and organize your project and data.
lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day.
when a person is typing they are using their hands to type while looking at the monitor for the letters.
that is why the author ends this story the way they did.
the author ends with this promise or commitment because it shows hope and determination.
i know computers can help find information, but personally, i believe that books are better resources.
i know one of my friends love to get on the computer and stay on it for a long period of time.
a computer gives you any learn something.
when the narrator finally finds a building, it turns out to be abandoned.
if interested in something they will go out and seek information for it if the adult does not provide proper information to what is asked.
then when he found the fish camp, he was overjoyed with relief.
if you run out of water then you might as well have run out of life.
i encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers.
but i saw in the afternoon that only my father was coming jump to home.
parents should monitor their children while in a library as to not let them stumble upon something that they would not want them to see yet.
the parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child.
i do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy.
computers are too useful.
a is that everyone wants to share their event with the family.
they take that because they need to use and they thought that could be helpful to their work.
i had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things.
every book should be in the library
an other reason why the computers are good for society is educations.
my elder brother is a forest officer.
there are some people who are on the computer all day.
she got shot by her husband.
i could go on the computer and look it up.
books, movies, magazines, or music that is offensive in any way should not be aloud to be showed to the public.
when a book is inappropriate for the reader, then it should not be on the shelves of the library.
but the farther his trip went, the hotter, and less water supply he had left.
do you feel that some material should just not be allowed in libraries?
and that you have homework?
so when she sees the flower, she will think of her grandmother and that will motivate her to keep going.
computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home.
the community and comes together to help out those who needs a hand.
she will try again for her drivers license at the start of spring.
i agree with the computers helping people.
that is why i think that computers help develop a smarter brain.
but, if you take off stuff that can be offensive to others then that means you would have to take off the items.
during this time the cyclist starts loosing hope.
the libraries really need to just stop and think for a second is this book really appropriate for this age group or even for this establishment.
there was some flog and not much traffic on the road.
always open, cozy, and loving.
are you a person who likes to enjoy nature?
finally, it helps your school work.
last we can talk to other people.
the situations in this novel are ones that could be real.
people in this country have the right of speech.
so it depends on what type of things are in the book,movie, or magazine.
i read or the local newspaper that lots of people use computers and that not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because he cant go any farther because of the hills, and the snake.
it also sopped the energy out of him, further complicating his ride.
in my personal opinion i believe anyone should have the right to read or watch whatever they choose.
in conclusion this is the mood the author is giving.
only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends.
for instance, when the cyclist ran out of water he had to climb hills and that tired him out.
another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in .
they know better than to start fights or cuss in school.
an example firm the texted is i noticed that terrain changing.
i do not agree that books and or magazines can be taken offensive.
this shows that he was energized and happy.
adults have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library.
dear officials at the , have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives?
computers help organize it with their many applications and programs like apps, , and document folders.
the lack of water really affected the cyclist.
these are the books i remember.
kids and parents should only be aloud on the computer then go outside.
could use the computers for .
computers are suppose to be fun for people of any age.
everywhere we go someone somewhere is going to find something offensive.
well what do you think ?
second, people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills.
the cyclist was traveling during the summer time, which was the hottest time of the year.
most people live meeting other people online.
you could be out side learning hand eye coordination.
the more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision.
you could get a medical degree on the internet.
i mean, it was something very new to me; almost like an adventure.
secondly, people are not going on hikes or trips to see the beauties of nature.
there are a lot of people that feel it is not appropriate enough to be taught in school.
the author also shows his gratefulness again at the end of the passage.
at the end when the setting is bright so is his mood.
not only have computers helped kid but they also help adults.
people do not find the same things offensive, so taking material off the shelves would not be the right way to deal with this issue.
computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than .
when the cyclist is going on his trip, he is riding through as desert.
as you can even see, , computers are a necessity!
this shows sorting like morale of never giving up.
all these features of the setting affect him.
theses ratings warn people of the content included, whether graphic or not.
made the observation that most people would not think far enough to realize.
if we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion, voiceless, and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward.
a real cyclist can go as long as they want before the stop because they are tired.
so with a computer nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch.
it has a stone building.
the computer can take us anywhere.
and the man at the wheel of the striped car won the race.
so take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding.
everyone has the right to say how they feel and not get in trouble for it.
it inundates large area under cultivation, wrecks public services and makes life miserable.
he also encountered a big snake that appeared to be a diamondback which he avoided even though it almost covered the road.
now, a modern, civilized world.
in bookstores or even libraries, they have some books on the shelves that can be considered inappropriate.
i think censorship should somewhat be in libraries, but not to the extreme.
when a person checks out an offensive book, they are doing so because they want to.
people are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens
my hobby has changed my life.
first, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things.
they also give people facts about faraway places.
computers are needed in this day and age or else some people would not be able to survive without them.
sometimes people have sloppy handwriting.
its not what some store owners or library owners like in some cases, but its not about what they like.
if you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer.
the setting of rough road ahead: do not exceed the speed limit effects the cyclist in many was.
i would teach them the subjects with real and deep information.
well before long, one became two, two became four, and it just kept going up.
last one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to .
of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen.
teachers, students, parents, and grandparents learn everyday with computers.
most offensive books are not boring and the action is what gets my attention and keeps me reading.
in almost all cases, library patrons have been angry that certain materials have been deemed unsuitable to be offered at the library.
what are you going do?
the author includes this paragraph to this story in many reasons why.
computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you.
the child’s relationship with the teacher determines the grade and academics of the student.
we should not take books off the selves because of some people like to read.
not everyone is interested in the same book genre.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
censoring books not only limits self expression but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right of free speech.
the flower represents her.
not only do the features of the setting affect the cyclist physically by dehydrating him in the heat, but also mentally.
also, it is important for children to get fresh air.
my mother is a teacher.
there is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature.
people believe differently, so it would be hard to please them all.
after reading the book i always wondered why they called her she.
people who have posted the website could very well be crazy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was a happy and grateful mood.
people often think they do what is best for everyone by asking the library staff to remove something they think is offensive.
especially in the you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park.
media that be considered explicit is appealing to a variety of people, and to some it is considered disturbing.
we citizens are allowed the right to make our own choices and in libraries, the should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want.
the younger you are you can learn more about the stuff
the setting was calm and peaceful as he started out riding his bike.
the law has not passed yet and has remained in schools.
have you ever found a book offensive?
sometimes it is just necessary.
children are very curious.
songs, movies, books, and magazines could provide that for their child.
my third reason was you can meet people.
some people like certain kinds of books and movies while others not.
in the past year, victim have committed suicide.
no, i do not think they should be removed.
some of the things that affect the cyclist was the lack of water.
allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info.
so when the author uses that quote, they end the story that way to show that she will have enough courage to try again when the flower blooms.
books so the human body they do not hid the human body we should know about the human body.
there have been protest in the past of the freedoms of a person or even race.
clearly, censorship in libraries is dangerous and unpredictable.
certain materials that a person, or group of people, find offensive not be offensive to everyone.
but so are those that believe that these things are good.
the way this author wrote this memoir, he created multiple moods.
the mood of the reading could be described as grateful.
it does this when he tells us that his parents immigrated just for him.
for example, he says how his parents cooked, and after that: (and for which i am eternally grateful).
if you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that.
libraries are a public place that should be taken seriously.
i think books that have nudity, curse words, or gang related violence should be put in either a adult shelf or taken off for good.
if the reader does not like the book, then the reader will not continue reading the book.
how do we keep them safe from offensive literature?
also, no one has time to enjoy nature.
but, a computer can also be used for learning.
on you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians.
this is where people bully kids over the internet.
people can now do things that we could never do before.
the library is open to anybody that wishes to enter.
after all her sadness within the story, she finally gets the energy back to tell herself, keep trying.
you can even play poker on your computer.
i hope i persuaded you to like computers more.
computers give you more resources than a book.
but here is where they go wrong.
she means that when the flower is blooming, her hope will be also and she will try again, maybe this time with success.
if is unaware, problems can only be helped to a short extent.
some books in libraries offend others.
computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends.
my third reason is, computers help people learn new things.
there is nothing we can do about the expanding cultures in our country.
many people want computer because they do have enough money to one.
for it would not be something that went well in our history.
but on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very strong.
and, because he was in the desert, there was no sign of towns or people or salvation of any type.
but with his determination and spite he pulled threw and made it to a fresh supply of water.
for the people who do pleasure reading they most of the time stick to only one type of genre.
one theme was helpful.
when the cyclist reached the bait store, he probably felt much better, and very relieved to have gotten there before he had a heat stroke.
i hope that i convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people.
i think that society would be harder to control with this kind of media everywhere.
this both right and wrong.
all the information you could need.
overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults.
but over all there is the government who censors things going on around the world.
for example some people use it to go to college online.
electricity also helps us to play video games, listen to music and play with electronic toys.
there is so much more that i can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it?
computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air.
in the text it says i toiled on( ).
the snake blocked the pavement in front of him that looked like diamond back.
teenagers that listen to music from or are getting bad messages.
the town took them away.
if everyone had the right to remove something from a shelf, there might not be anything left to read or listen to.
many people say that computer is help them in their every day life.
it help you find in the computer about people.
as a consequence, kids start to gain body fat from sitting on a coach staring at the all day instead of exercising!
but do not censor everything so that people who do enjoy these materials can no longer easily access them
first, computers have a negative effect on people, including chicken, because computers are not safe.
bring down all that is bad!
plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their online bank accounts, so now.
freedom to say anything they wish to get off their mind and express individuality and opinions.
it really is magical.
if you are concerned about your children finding books that you do not want them to see then take them to a library with sections.
she probably felt that with that flower she would always have a little piece of home in this newer world.
so i would go with both sides.
had high doubt when saying that quote.
all they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise.
vendors shout their wares at the top of their voices.
we need them!
still, censoring age specific materials is necessary in libraries.
in the memoir i think the mood the author creates is love for family.
they are not required to look at it so if they do not like it, then they do not look at it.
they find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them.
wants to be overweight and you can change that!
school another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn.
my daddy presented it to me on my eight birthdays it helps me cover distances in a short time.
a is a place for people of all ages to come and get a book, magazine, music, movies and much more.
also his lack of water was a problem to begin with but the scorching sun would make him become dangerously dehydrated.
would you want to know something about?
although there were a lot of inconveniences, yet the people were very happy.
for someone to take anything off of a shelf that is open to the public is taking away their freedom.
not everyone is going to think alike.
along with just the sight of the hibiscus other things will make her ready for the test also.
desilting of rivers in the plains will also help.
it is a devastating outcome of using a computer too much.
respect what other cultures and ways of life do, and stay away from what offends you.
anytime type of book it is all based on how much money they can make.
a piece of music, movie or magazine?
but there are a certain type of guests who are unwelcome.
once she plans it, things start to look up.
first, right of the bat i felt love and thoughtfulness, which i still felt throughout the story.
i have a little library of my own at home.
these people roam through the internet day and night trying to find little boys and girls.
all you did was get worked up and you wasted money.
they are a connection to the world, like places, and people.
there are online college and online high school.
for example when i say games i mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc.
with the billions of citizens we have in alone, each individual is bound to find some flaw in a certain book.
also, the author shares specific information about what his family was like.
by eating the right food one is able to secure good health.
but he did it, and proved himself right.
unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break absolutely necessary.
she believes killing is wrong and inhumane.
people worry that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a younger age.
his parents are always taking in needs a home, and treats them like family.
we must not tease or laugh at others, especially when they have done something foolish or embarrassing.
do you believe libraries should remove items some people find offensive?
the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road i would conserve my water and go inward for an hour or so.
another reason is that, people can meet other people online.
there are ways mentally and physically.
after a story of such depression, the author shows newly found confidence and optimism by ending the story with this paragraph.
might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him.
some of the books that are banned could relate to someone, and touch them.
what ever happened to grounding them from going to hang out with their friends or just playing outside?
not wanting their children to be exposed to explicit or graphic material is understandable.
new read on for reason.
every library has different choices.
most parents want their children to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and i can respect this idea.
also, most any job that has to do with any sort of business has a requirement for the person needed to be able to type quickly.
she feels that it is the right thing to do and it will be the right time to come back and take the test.
it helps others get a clear picture of who and what they go through.
however censorship in a library can be a good thing if used delicately.
whether or not children read or see the offensive material is the decision of the parents.
if you do not want your child learning about them do not let them get it.
in the story the features of setting affect the cyclist because there is not much he can depend on.
books that are especially vulgar should definitely be banned.
computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
each person does the job the way he likes.
everyone has a right to their own opinion on censorship.
censorship in libraries has been an issue among communities for as long as literature has been around.
he is my class fellow.
the reason i know the mood was happy is because, she had wonderful people in her life.
there, she saw many flowers that reminded her of home.
i think that people should see everything the way it is.
there are plenty of important activities, such as, spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and jobs.
anyone would be happy with a childhood like that because being surrounded by the ones you love and being proud of you and your family is what is important.
i would not want the book to be removed because that book could be a good learning experience for others.
in this story the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
for example, you might love the computer but that love should not over power your time you spent with your family!
what can get better than that we can research a famous person google dead people look up pictures.
the games teach you different things about history.
kids try to learn people talk like websites things that they are not able to and over they can see are on .
without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong.
not everyone has the same opinion on things.
when something is written it is written for a purpose.
his parents have there arms and doors open to those who will do the same for them.
to who this concern, in my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives.
what is offensive in libraries?
rated stands for sexual act, language, and blood.
should we remove these inappropriate items?
the computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives.
what is a government for?
try and change what the reader might think about that time.
the thought of there being censorship in libraries is quite ridiculous.
these are some reasons explain why the author concludes this story with this paragraph.
i once has to drive hours to see my grandma in .
so i think next time shell do great.
secondly, i think that people have a right to choose what they want to read, listen to, and watch.
there is no way around it.
you can let them see what they want and buy it online than going to the stores.
what we do, believe in, or think is what makes us ourselves.
i think anyone who wants to speak their mind should be able to without having to worry about censorship.
we should have a say to what is in our public library.
computers do have positive effects on people.
if i do not like it, then i just change the song.
i conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is.
thank you for your time.
children can also read or listen about gun violence.
also, many adults use computers for an education too.
lastly we will have many friends.
thank you for reading my ideas, editor.
that is the mood that showed in his memoir of his family.
its just a way of life.
planting the flower is a representation of adaptation, since they have moved to a new land.
the author created this mood by telling the reader how grateful she was to her parents for their love and sacrifice.
all of paragraph is about how grateful he is to his parents.
if there is something that is removed from shelves it should have a good reason.
children and young people see and hear a lot worse things at home, television and even at school than in some books.
not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have.
the mood created by the author in this memoir was nostalgic.
and its quick.
we need to go outside and exercise.
we should be permitted to say anything we want, even though in our hearts, we should know what is right and wrong.
hibiscus is everything far her.
the problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need.
thank you for taking your time to read my opinion, and i hope i helped
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him in a near death situation.
i think people should be able to have a choice.
with the computer you can access multiple sites.
almost every website has discounts.
these are all the reasons why be should banned these things from our children.
do you have ant friends?
lastly, using computer allows people to communicate with each other through email & other social networks.
meanwhile, in some of the more severe cases the person is so entranced that bedtimes are pushed later.
the setting clearly has a huge effect on the cyclist.
around to million have this device to use.
even though you not want to hear about it, drugs and sexual content are always going to be in the surroundings of our children to see or experience.
if you deprive the body of water all of your major organs will bake in the hot sun.
i have to say there are other places you can buy books at beside the libraries such as stores as in , , and etc.
she has more of an appreciation for now after seeing the hibiscus and remembering her past.
if they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy .
i like my school very much.
just because something is offensive to one person, does not mean it is offensive to everyone.
lastly, you know the internet is used for research and talking but also for getting anything you want.
and computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family.
it makes it difficult for him to bike.
censoring we all know that language is the foundation of human legacy.
i, however, believe that these materials should not be taken off of the shelves and be put out of reach of our youth, or adults.
i know that when there is no one around i get scared.
i went home and thank my parents for all the support.
the people who organize and let this kind of media float around for kids to pick up have some moral issues that need to be checked.
there is also caring and selflessness.
have you ever watched or seen a book or even a movie that you do not think kids should be reading or watching?
i never could type but i caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn.
finally, people should stop using computers as much as they are now, in order to keep their safety safe.
they were all proud and happy with everyone coming together as a family.
whether everyone agrees with that is a different story.
but i hope to find some good home again.
the games are horrible for the computer.
therefore, the author concludes this story with this paragraph to show how she will adapt to the change in her environment.
nothing, have to right to write about anything they want, singers have the right to sing about what they want.
so what if there are other people who would have actually wanted to read those books?
and for this i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
to the computers people technology is a good thing to have.
it saves time and is way neater.
my stepfather needs to get of the computer!
computers have a positive effect on people.
we are better than that and our literature shows it.
, the mood shows admiration towards his parents.
they had to start over and that is what made him most grateful for his parents.
censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
you cant hide you kids for ever, sooner or later they will find out about these problems.
if we can get people out of the office this could even push them towards nature.
the feeling that the uses to describe his house is the feeling that the whole memoir had.
think before you do.
however, the government has taken it upon themselves to try and keep youth from seeing it.
my last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people.
we should destroy the computers.
the features of his journey are cruel.
their are children, correct.
dear , people owner either computers or laptops.
many shows are based of a book series, and that series not be a good one.
they use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places.
after a week of this game.
so, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library.
i am one of those people.
most people not think so but there are many reasons why they are.
what if something you were watching or reading or listening to was offending someone else, would you care?
she sees these flowers after failing which reminds her that she never given up before.
like afternoons or during lunch time.
dear editor, have you ever used a computer?
but for other, less useful sites are being used to interact.
censorship prevents people from seeing the whole perspective, and censorship hinders societal change.
any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please.
so why do they keep releasing and publishing books if it offends certain groups?
in the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly.
i made sure my parents were not home when i watched it.
i think that computers are great.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off shelves.
some enjoy romance and comedy, while others like to read action books or mysteries.
one reason i am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology.
we all have the freedom of speech, so why not let the authors of the materials have that same freedom.
using computers will help you do this and make your life easier.
some of them are small, some are big, and some have fans on their head.
two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world.
family would be closer together instead of spreading apart by computers.
there are many things people see, hear, and read about that be offensive.
what is in these stores only makes us stronger.
so what do they do?
from my own experience, i had to get a movie at the library once for a project.
he shows that his home, to him at least was a wonderful with nice smells, food, and people.
in fact, out of people have been scammed some time in their life i can clearly remember when someone.
it makes me think that plans to start her life over in comparison with the hibiscus.
no young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting.
it shows that she will do what needs to be done in order to survive just like the geese have to do.
the author of winter hibiscus ends this story with that closing paragraph because it wraps up all the themes.
personal life is restricted to certain rules and criteria.
being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
if you walk into a store or video store there are so many different things that children are exposed to.
there are many people on the computer and if must be stopped.
it is at this point that he uses the word crippling because he is just about exhausted and cant go any further.
well good for you mission accomplished.
they do not have it.
when he said the sign rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, was very cautious.
those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person.
we want children to mature without the lies that everyone lives this way.
we will need to redesign buildings to have doors big enough for our bodies to fit through.
and it was not just those who were related to you but also those who cared for you.
they do not publish their work to offend people , they do it for themselves and for other people to enjoy it.
dear editor, have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important?
people should have the freedom of speech but not in an offensive manner.
some people enjoy actually reading that stuff and nothing else.
when he come to a rusted water pump black tar oozed out, you can picture the cyclist as furious and anxious and of course thirsty.
and i hope it sticks around for a long time.
if someone finds the things that other people have to say, offensive, they generally stop hanging out with that person.
my first reason why i think using computers is good because people learn more on the internet, you know what people say, you learn something new everyday.
censorship would greatly lower the freedom of everyone and their individuality.
thank you for accepting my .
a lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers.
being on the computer is not a bad thing, sometimes.
people are wanting to know why there is so much killing and hate in the world today.
how do you think that author would feel?
picture this you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk.
when he set out that morning he asked some old guys on a porch for directions to .
these are the reasons why i think that they are not spending to much times on the computers.
the when they came back quote started above can be analyzed deeply as the snow being her obstacles and the hibiscus being herself.
dear , computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the .
do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers?
well, this pattern has been going on for years.
in the beginning of the story, he passes the first town and continues riding his bike, following the directions some old folks gave him.
many books in the library systems today contain foul language.
it will show that a large part of the earth is covered with seas.
this is clearly a happy thing to happen.
children need to be slowly and gently introduced to these concepts so they can fully understand them.
i believe this because in the beginning of the story when she is walking home, she states that she failed the drivers test.
for example when want to talk to my cousin that live in .
kids need to get away from the computer.
most of the jobs in the world have one part that has to do with computers.
ever since the , computers have been used as an ad for new information.
if some people get offended (or think they get offended) by something, they would try to removed whatever it was from the nations stores.
books are very important to people and need some entertainment other than television.
you search on !
you ' feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer?
there are three main reasons why libraries should not be censored.
what someone might find offensive someone else might not.
it is really hot which would cause him to drink a lot more water.
an article said, too much computer using.
almost every office has computers for many different reasons.
i believe that the books with violence which helps to convey and important point which should not be missed should be displayed by school libraries.
people stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons.
yes, computers benefit the society.
one is the bad weather.
i do not think so.
they help you write reports or reports in general for any subject.
i know my self, and i love to shop!
have you ever read ?
if you are under the age of eighteen there should be an age requirement and also require parent consent.
the books and things in a library help you with so much research.
another feature of the setting is very old and dirty.
no one stopped him.
the author seems like she needs things from her homeland that help her make the best of things and bring back good memories of earlier life.
but she realized that the hibiscus could be a reminder of home as well as reminder to change for her new home.
just because it is out there does not mean that we have to see it.
i believe that has a negative affect on people.
i know when i read this line i realized all that my parents have done for me.
another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family.
another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice.
her plant has to over come being small until it can bud in the spring.
most of the time a child will read what looks interesting and fun.
the same goes with the movies, i was allowed to watch rated movies when i was eight years old.
my friend spent hours on those websites.
research, communication act.
he takes there directions and feels good abut it.
next there is a change in terrain an he soon approaches rolling hills which are more difficult to bike on.
pets on the other hand need you.
there are lots of things that we cant do but reading should not be one of those things.
anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone.
i believe that it would be very useful and helpful for many libraries to allow a varied censorship of books.
you can see places like , , and even .
in the memoir, the author creates a loving mood.
his parents had the courage to persevere through new weather and financial struggles.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society.
this poses a large problem for parents.
in that case, why censor certain things that people are interested in, or even things to research, in libraries?
thus, i urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
the best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it is not directed towards you.
but, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful.
the features of the setting effected the cyclist very much.
under the conditions he could barely survive and make it to his destination.
this book contained many vulgar words and even a racial slur, but i was mature enough to handle them.
those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters.
even science has proved that trees are as necessary to our atmosphere as our food for life.
they can come do there research and rent books.
so what solved my problem?
they could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers.
it was here where i learned the real definition of family meaning his mood was he felt loved by his family.
she concludes the story with the vow because, it expresses her last bit of hope.
she does this to show that she still has hope, and wont just give up.
if you want to find out anything, you can find it on the internet.
first the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public.
by jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen.
they read newspapers and magazines.
all these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising.
i think some people just have to live with it.
the problem with this is being lazy.
the only way to travel in a desert is to ride a camel.
and i also hope you agree with me.
i achieved a lot of knowledge by reading various books and newspapers.
a lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends.
like i said you can do anything.
first off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you.
i strolled into my bedroom, i noticed the computer sitting on a wonder desk.
each piece of literature or movie is shared by a vast community of critics.
many other books exist as these.
lets find out what i have to say to these people who think that computers have a positive effect on people.
the plant then makes her think about all the memories and she is comforted by them even though she is said.
its just wrong to see other people naked if u ask me.
it makes the the people who would like the items that have been censored mad.
you can be helpful.
no, you are not wrong because there are many people who think that some books should be taken off of the shelves of there local libraries.
the lyrics in music can come off extremely offensive to some people.
the material should be removed if they offend their gender.
this boy was jim who had been running away from master.
this method is widely used today in the modern world.
i know there are materials that are offensive to people.
every one in the world is not all going to like all of the same movies, books, and music we all have different testes.
hot, , are the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things.
in conclusion, certain materials should not be removed from the shelves of libraries is they are found offending to certain people.
the are happy because the are all living together in a perfect place all together.
and the people who were allowed and wanted to read them still could with no problem at all.
even though the setting was tough, teasing, and ironic, the man made it through and still with a smile on his face.
the last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games.
libraries should remain entirely intact, forever.
to , computers are a benefit to our society.
i feel this way because of when you see stuff that is offensive, most people are willing to buy.
music artist might also be affected.
interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life.
in my opinion, the removal of the potentially offensive material in our libraries, is sheltering our world.
i would go on the internet and talk to them on webcam.
i recently attended the wedding of a friend.
the features in the setting, affected the cyclist in many ways.
practice you the is considered one of the greatest countries in the world because it is a free country.
with having a computer people will be able to talk to their family that live in other states then them.
violence in books can influence killing.
personally i believe that items that are found offensive should be left on the book shelves.
these issues create the problem of dehydration, and when mentally you think your going to die without water.
she is going to forget about failing the driving test and work to pass it in the spring.
in the memoir, the author creates a very peaceful mood.
when they came up with one the company was mad that they mad a better one.
this is why computers are affecting every day people.
who is to choose if the books were offensive anyhow?
computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work.
if you ask me if i think censorship is important in libraries than i would have to say yes and no.
it contradicts freedom of the press.
imagine what else could happen by staying of computers.
i honestly think that anything should be allowed in libraries.
for them to see or hear.
the character was using profanity and talking about sex the whole time.
if a person knows something is unjust, they obviously have to tell the world about it, or they feel like their opinion does not matter.
we show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic.
the book could be a interesting book all there is to do is try it.
furthermore, there are too many advertisements on tv.
another theme that i thought fit was inspiration.
it could most likely cost you or even family members your lives.
there were different kinds of birds.
i strongly disagree.
he created this feeling because while reading he never uses a word about violence or hate.
shows his is gracious for what his parents did and how much they care about him.
freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation.
one example of this is when the character got to a place where there was nothing.
parents should tell their kids what they are allowed to read at certain ages.
will effect their life in some way.
the mood created by the author is touching.
i think the libraries should be broken onto sections.
it helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs.
no cars, buildings, or anything.
it puts not very good thoughts in some peoples heads.
everyone uses them or has used them before.
but most importantly, it is very unhealthy.
everything was censored.
they do more bad than good in my opinion.
this caused the cyclist to become dehydrated.
it is like being in school, there has many times been that one student that the rest of the class see as really different.
lets say they set a hour limit then once its up they have to get off.
they should not discourage people to discontinue learning about the world because that would lead to a bigger and more serious worldwide problem: the lack of education.
movies are rated for a reason, to give the viewers an age group for which the movie is appropriate.
children specially the younger ones like her very much.
best of all, when you forget to write your home work down, you can go online, and ask one of your friend what it was.
these are great steps to achieving a positive step to public influence.
also computers have so many different forms of entertainment.
people can read or watch whatever they want.
after this he was nearly over powered by devastating hills and dehydration was slowly creeping up on him as well.
but, you can educate someone about the subject matter.
the fact that he sees the grape juice factory is also ironic, because he is extremely dehydrated and the factory is abandoned.
they might as well get ahead start on it now.
that is the question.
as you can see computers effect many people in a negative way.
my second reason is that computers cause a lack of enjoying nature.
that children will grow up and become adult, then they will know any way.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
all she have to do is try harder and she maybe will be able to pass his test .
a great way to learn about other states.
life is becoming dull.
now, i pose question to you: if all was deemed offensive material, what would be left?
if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them.
millions of people read and listen to those materials every day.
thirdly, computers are very enjoyable!
would ruin the economy.
instead of sitting at the computer all exercise.
one amazing on a computer is the world wide web.
throughout the world, there are thousands of people with various opinions.
teachers especially at the elementary level, must be very creative with their teaching styles.
about a hundred students died from playing the deadly game.
now i realize how bad that was towards colored people, so i behave nicely to them.
knowing that materials on our shelves are offensive, i still believe that the right thing to do is to keep them there.
they sprayed water on the house.
in conclusion, the computer helps society a great deal more than it hinders it.
another reason why i think is if your friend is explaining something to you, that your.
then when she went home she was faced with the reality again of how she failed the test.
just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message.
he wanted to get as far as he could.
for example at dinner, you can get a great recipe off the internet.
the same goes for books, magazines, and music.
after the men picture the ultimate female as the images they see, the women will never be able to add up to their qualifications.
for young children, stay with the cartoon educational type things.
over all i believe computers are a great source to get information off of but should not be addicted so called toy.
i go to my page and feel the cool keys under my fingertips as i send to my friend in .
while growing up.
everyone has different opinions and likes.
with any luck id hit a bump and ledge one in my throat.
and taking those things away from a library taking it away from adults as well as kids.
the cyclist has to watch out for a rough road he was going over.
all offensive items a library have stored should stay in that very spot, for learning purposes.
in this case, other people can still watch, hear, or read the book or magazine, movie, or music.
that is his or her own personal opinion, and what i believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to.
computers are making that happen quicker.
a child on the computer is wasting time not being active.
do you think that your eyes are going to be fine i disagree.
long distance friends can view photos, information, videos, and chat from far away.
i hope that you will understand my point of view and take consideration of my thoughts
the setting of this story takes place with a man biking and then taking advice from old timers to a faster route.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
people are just weird in this day in age i guess.
it also is to show she is adapting to her new home.
so have kids stay away from offensive materials.
however, some people can take what the says to be offensive in regards to homosexuals and divorces.
people have different opinions about what is offensive to them and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same.
now, you have only a boring book on facts about camels.
when she came home, however, seeing the roots of the plant buried in the ground gave her new determination.
this can improve our travel.
the computer can teach us many new and exciting things.
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
they keep at the taps half-open.
but i think that is wrong.
the average weight a year old has increased from pounds in , to pounds today.
the youth of is portrayed in mostly a negative light.
everyone has their own opinion on things such as the music we listen to or the books we read.
this way no children would see the book anyway.
this way the only access to the books would be to get a key from a librarian.
hes on a very hot climate, in a desert, so he needs lots of water, but he has a limited supply.
also, the learn important facts about places and people.
the effects on nature and people are horrible.
the author uses this paragraph to conclude to show shes going to give the test another try as well as her new surroundings.
computers are the future and its a good one.
but if it offended someone, should he be allowed to remove it?
a few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up.
so take a part & contact your local newspaper today.
some of the family members they would have were grandparents, aunts, , and cousins.
a lot of people spend their day sitting in front of a computer and work.
but, the books, movies, music, or magazines that are felt like they are offensive should be move to a certain area in the library
in the memoir, the author creates lots of moods.
when i was ten years old, my family and i went on vacation to .
i do not believe that a material should be removed from shelves just because one person or a group of people find it offensive.
first of all computers allow you to talk to other people online.
the boy did not know how to swim.
some content not be suitable to younger kids.
there is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be but that does not mean it has to go away completely.
but not this cyclist he controlled his anger and again showed determination.
the point is, anything can be found offensive, if you just glance at it, or look at it to much.
there are only a few reasons why i think that people should have access to offensive materials.
lastly, computers are a good way to socialize because of the range it can travel.
the weather is not and he has to carry on over hills and on rough roads.
it can get very hot there,like the writer describes, wide rings of sweat circled my shirt.
example is it helps students with homework.
the music we listen to can get really intense.
the computer also has lots of music that you can listen to.
also, when we came across the juice factory he used a lot of energy to get there because he was excited and that made him even more thirsty.
the solution is certainly not to remove what some find offensive for many people will disagree until eternity.
in libraries should remain the same as it is now.
the snake was big and the cyclist had to work his best to pass it while wobbling from dehydration.
its your choice but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighbor hood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends.
he also loved how his parents made their own home.
throughout this memoir a very important mood is portrayed and that is thankfulness.
a good half an hour later dad comes through the door with close behind.
the innovation of computers was a great leap into discovery.
what her parents did for her was incredible and something to learn from.
computers are very entertaining.
that is why i strongly believe that people spend to much time on computers rather than.
i agree with the censorship in libraries today.
lastly, is that you wont be spending any time with your family or friends.
it’s essential for small children.
he is a link between friend and realties.
many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason.
there will always be offensive songs, books, movies, and magazines.
i believe that we should organize our books, movies, and music in a different way perhaps.
the bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends.
that to make a hopeful home .
recently, i bought a webcam and have been chatting with him on it every week.
the author of winter hibiscus ends the story with this paragraph because it reveals the importance of the winter hibiscus.
we all have the freedom of speech, right?
they can help you do a lot of things that others not.
even if we do take out all the books that can be bad for our children, there will not be a lot of books left.
i myself read almost just about everything i can get my hands on, and for some people its the same way.
now, some parents have hard times when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book, but parents should have control over their kids.
the best thing to do is let these materials stick around because there is nothing you can do to get them gone from everywhere else.
this is why an age limit would be helpful in keeping our youth modest.
no entertainment like listing to musics, watching fun, and probable the most popular playing games.
this is why computers are so helpful because they give a way to research other places around the globe.
libraries are there for us to learn and enjoy ourselves.
they do have a profile which you be able to relate to, but they could be lying.
just as the winter that killed the plants ending life, the spring will come and start anew.
rest is good also.
how they go about getting that message across is their own business, and they have all to do so in anyway they wish.
language usage in music is also a big deal.
we need material of substance in our libraries, for our exposure and for our fathoming of new knowledge in our modern world
these ideas are in the last paragraph because they summarize the idea of not giving up even if you feel out of place.
some say they are helpful to society and others say not.
technology holds you back from the real things in life.
first many people, actually of the worlds population are generally stationary, and line in a local town or city environments.
another way this mood of happiness is portrayed is through his writing about people coming together.
they are going to learn and hear curse words.
students read books about the past so that they learn.
why is censorship important in libraries?
some people want to read or watch something with such content.
it is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them.
and i will show you why.
let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind.
the mood of the story is happy.
what makes anyone think that a book like that would keep kids from doing drugs?
i then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online.
this is obvious shown it states in the spring , when the snow melt and the geese return and this hibiscus is budding .
computers seem to be the talk of the year.
the wife was very close to because spent the computer helping , there can was always in the on the computers.
the geese returning and the hibiscus budding means that they are also coming back to start the new year.
have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying odd or unique theories?
they allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch.
computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things.
however, if it is offensive to the first person, it does not mean it will be offensive to the next.
so take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late.
it is not very funny to the person being teased.
i think that everyone has heard a variation of that line at least once.
computers helped people learn things besides racial ways in the past but also about there own culture.
to whomever this concern, , almost everyone has them.
i know i if i were to ever have children i would want them around something they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful.
that was a thoughtful choice from as well instead of announcing it on news.
to wrap this up i would just like to say thank you having the time to read my letter.
i believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people.
if they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge.
this is the mood the author swings into the story.
computers has a negative effect on people.
libraries are considering removing books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
many people find inspiration from books and movies so if these were limited to only particular subjects people would begin to feel pressured to be the same.
also, some people are computer addicts who stay on computers almost twenty four seven.
she promised herself that she will try again and adapt to her surroundings not like others around her have adapted.
schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too.
and then when they find out that it wont work they do it to them themselves.
in some cases books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
while pedaling through desert, the cyclist becomes even more factory when tumble seed, which is always a symbol of a deserted area, cones by.
i could go both ways with this.
then another, and another.
reading is the best way to learn.
it helps by knowing the meaning of new words.
books can be a way to learned new things about someone.
being active has no limit, but technology does.
people will find out by themselves what they want to hear or listen too.
you can talk online with friends.
should offensive material be censored?
what about the adults?
i think people should have more ideas.
he should wear clean clothes.
well all of these websites are free.
the mood of this story is very happy because the author is describing his childhood memories and all the great times he had in his home.
when you video chat you can have a conversation with some on class on video!
only you know what is best for you.
for example if someone likes rap but not country that person has a choice to listen to rap and not country.
this is why computers are bad.
when surrounded by new digital age.
she thinks she can pass it next time.
once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public.
i feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely.
in basketball you should dribble and look ahead.
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph because she is giving herself hope on passing her test.
everywhere a person goes, there is always a media source.
secondly, all the music that are good and bad will be taken off the self.
parents do have the right to check and monitor what their child is reading.
the mature content in movies, books, and more should be kept in libraries because mature audiences enjoy watching and listening to them.
the last thing that affected the cyclist was the fish camp.
by marking movies with a rating, and marking books with a specific age group, it helps categorize them.
in the desert his water tasted like the flavor of battery acid.
now that you know that lets move on to the last reason.
everyone has their favorite music they listen to or their favorite book to read even if it does offend a certain group or type of people.
although there are some upsides to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are more bad aspects then good ones when it comes to computers.
i think that he loves his family, and love is definitely a happy word.
it shows this in the story when he say, there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
not to mention it has fun games for people to play when there bored, or have nothing to do.
here in , it is in our constitution that says anyone can have freedom of speech.
it would probably be a boring place.
in a recent survey, of kids felt their hand eye coordination improves after computer use.
they also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled.
the scenery was putting down his hope of ever getting out of the desert.
some even give computers to kids so they can use it to study.
otherwise, rust will settle on it.
libraries can not take the books away all together from readers who enjoy these kinds of books.
with this i can talk to people and get wacky emails.
some people might like rap music but other might like rock music.
the hibiscus in the story has symbolized her home and her grandmother, which symbolize happiness, so she will be happier when things get better.
when the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills, it reflects the turmoil in his head.
also students can play very soft music than not doing homework at all.
however, i would stop going to the library if that happened.
so to wrap this all up nice and sweet.
if a reader knows that this kind of reading offends them, then they should know better than to pick up the book in the first place.
however you do it the libraries will lose the little money they are getting from the people.
this contributes to how the mood of happiness exists among the memoirs content, and furthermore describes the mood that was created by the author.
also, the internet is helpful for work.
, these things are weighed down by the negative effects like the online dangers, increasing to reality, and the obesity problems we face.
now, it can also give you facts opinions, pictures, videos, and movies about faraway places.
this is why i think that people are spending to much time on their computer and it is having a effect on their life.
they help people in many ways.
dear readers many people use computers but, not so many people think benefits society.
please think about what i have said and thank you for taking your time out of your day to read this
this is a feeling of gratefulness because of the parents.
it keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn.
another thing that affected him because of the setting was that the desert had rocky roads and windy paths because he followed the old mans direction.
music on the radio, television shows, or the internet is all censored.
one example of being offensive in a good way is the book '.'
so we wait for the postman eagerly.
throughout rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
his mood was also very appreciative.
you even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend to much time on the computer.
it cause trouble but just set your mind to it and you can help and solve problems when you do set your mind to it
the weather was very hot making him very thirsty and due to the towns being abandoned, he could not stock up on water.
a house consists of roof, walls, doors, and windows.
back when we had slaves that is what they were called.
that is why, i honestly believe computers do not benefit my community.
you could learn how to do things or learn more information about a certain item.
another topic in the is the freedom of choice.
our bodies need to stay healthy and fit.
many of the religions have very conflicting points of views and some of their view points offend each other.
after she met the flower, she thought of her old country, her homeland she missed it.
they do not think that they are banning a perfectly good book for others.
these books can also be accessed by children.
with different books comes different readers.
a child of years old would not have developed the mature way of think of the book.
now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else.
artists are ones to take risks and so are writers.
so if one book can get taken off the shelves then this will just start a chain reaction until every book is gone.
humans have different taste in food, music, movies, and books.
they would pick the computer over someone who has been in their life forever.
many kids grow up to have a career in computer makings or program designing.
now after a couple yours of playing online my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved from playing online and practicing.
as you can tell, the tool of on the computer can benefit your school grades.
belongings can show a lot about a person just as much as actions or words.
lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children.
well, on the computer you can talk online to your friends.
she had to move on and be able to pass the driving test the next time around.
but what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books.
just like parents for example.
i would have very friendly relations with all the teachers.
sometimes the really good books are when they are offensive, because they are actually telling you what they really believe in.
it is also relating the drivers test to the hibiscus plant.
in school most of the time everyone learns the basic information that is required.
perhaps some day your child will get a job working in on office where they must use computers all day long.
my second reason is when people have nothing to do.
she she wants to try and take it again in the spring.
if the same item appears regularly on the list, remove the item.
so computers are not a waste.
no problem, you have a computer at home.
business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything?
if i am late to come home, it waits for me on the roadside.
for example, in the story it says, over one long crippling hill, a building came into view.
later in the story, she plants the hibiscus outside in the garden with her mother.
online games will still let you talk to your friends but you can have an avatar you can dress up and be creative with.
they both came to the and had to work in whatever job they could find, although they deserved much better ones.
it also shows the importance of the hibiscus.
not just about family and friends, but the world too.
that could be a good and a bad thing.
some people like to read stories with details so they can picture it in there mind.
the author uses symbolism when, he talks about the hibiscus because it is a strong plant just like the girl needs to be to pass the driving test.
when he pumped the water, no come out.
i think this because about millions of people use computers everyday!
i lived with them very happily.
it helps out in many ways for example, to keep in touch with relatives, to learn new information and to keep you safe and updated.
secondly, the towns around the way had been abandoned, leaving no place to get more water and no place to ask for directions.
it would not be fair at all for us to rob our kids of the chance to read and learn from books.
with bringing back memories of her old country.
secondly, computers help us complete our daily work.
the setting of the next land mark was similar to the last.
this would also help in a way to find your book if you know what type of book it is.
now, have you ever thought were this heat goes.
what is or not offensive to you compared to other varies on both ends.
i agree that students depend too much on a computer and not on books, but the computer has more information to offer than the average book.
there are various kinds of dogs, such as german shepherd, alsatian, and pomeranians etc.
they let us talk to friends and family around the world.
my third reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives online games to little kids.
as it is, adding a computer into the mix just makes it worse.
no child needs to be put under a bad influence.
since the main problem the cyclist is faced with is the lack of water, the dry, long hills seem to make him more weak and tired.
our country based on a freedom of press and speech, to deny that to deny our livelihood as a country.
computers have recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or .
i see people sometimes reading a book and listening to music.
she will take the test with a new out look on her life.
if you do not like people jump out of strange places and scare the crap out of you, then you are not going to watch '.'
media that show racism towards any ethnicity or religion should be banned.
is sort of cruel in one way but the topic the author is trying to get across is not.
it would be wrong to strip the kids of any learning tools.
of kids in my school own a computer.
libraries should censor some of the materials that they have available to the public.
if a person walks by and feels the book is offensive, they need realize that to someone else it might not be and walk away.
they would be able to read the whole thing with no problems.
the author did it to symbolize things.
in a library there are hundreds of materials that can be offensive to anyone.
it says,in the spring, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
those are just some of the major benefits that the kids do on their computer.
they help to clean the blood in our body.
they are important to everyone, whether they want to admit it or not.
it has golden fur on
had very fortunate times in his eyes.
also you can use excel to manage your finances!
some people import mangoes.
i bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures.
my father got up, and started calling me.
you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long.
musicians use artwork on the album sleeves to grab the attention of people.
he just sit in front of his computer and do nothing.
people learn from books; books with happy endings, and sad endings, and gruesome endings, are all able to provide lessons for the reader.
it also explains how crafted his parents were and how intelligent they were.
the level increased dramatically and so have the high pressure level!
a good example of censorship that has recently happened is rewriting all the books just because they use the 'n word' and some people find this offensive.
authors, directors, producers, and artists will all change their material if we show them that it is not what we want.
dear newspaper: you really think computers are that good?
just sometimes we all do not think a like or like the same stuff.
(ho, ??)
and because you can go on at all hours of the day, kids can get bullied at any time.
which helped him dehydrate faster.
dear who ever this concern, i think that people spend way too much time on computers.
i had even gotten some pictures too.
all the terrain changes not only changed the cyclists physical state, but his mood and determination as well.
they could even have stuff that the young minds should not read.
the setting in this story is very hard for the cyclist.
keep this all in mind.
it is airy.
i never got those books, but maybe someday they will look back on those requests and think of way they should have gotten them.
is a computer going to benefit society, or will they have catastrophic results.
but if you choose not to utilize the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning.
many people see many different things.
the setting affected the cyclist in several ways.
in the desert, the sun was beating down on him and he had a limited supply of water.
with a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture.
the censorship on the media depends.
the internet allows us to communicate with friends, family, and more people around the globe!
once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day.
i still get my exercise though, because i go out and play basketball then play on my computer.
if people think they are getting rid of the offensive books, magazines, etc.
but, if she falls again, the flowers will have bloomed to comfort her.
first, i highly agree with the people who think computers are useful.
last, but not least would be .
its like he forgot we were even the reason why i think computes should be in the state of .
i think it has affected me a lot today on who i am today.
i am not in agreement because young children should not be exposed to certain offensive books.
this is why all different forms of books, magazines, radio and music could be offensive to people.
because the author is showing that nature and the plant are valuable to her.
for example, in the story him riding through that terrain causes him to get tired and become even more dehydrated than he already is.
so the hibiscus is good for her, it is some think she can hold onto from her old home
the internet is also not a very safe place.
that is a good thing and could help people with everyday problems like , getting an answer to a problem, and , work.
you can look up a website that tells you about a word or a car that you need to learn about for school or work.
not only can i seek help from others on my computer but i can stay in touch with my friends and family.
many of the settings features affect the cyclist.
do you, the fair people our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe!
whether you are doing work or things for pleasure.
but materials be removed if it is sexual, racist, or life threatening offense.
the features of the setting in the story affected the cyclist a lot.
the only way my family can keep in touch with them not spending money is email.
if i think that something is offensive then yes, it should be removed from the bookshelves.
the first reason why believe computers are good is because many kids in school will need them.
people stop losing their focus on important, and start paying attention on other things like the, was a great person.
i am going to list a couple of ways that i think censorship is bad and also why it is good.
think about it if it was offensive why did they put it into the in the first place.
schools influence computer use to help us learn.
they can also help people get a better education.
i that i would feel a lot better if i went for a run instead of going on the computer.
whose to judge right and wrong for anyone?
in the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private.
many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared.
he was becoming tired and thirsty.
meet some people.
everything is in !
on the other hand they attract the readers attention.
after all, when everybody has a chance to say what is offensive there will be no books left.
they enjoy simple dress and adorn their houses with necessary furniture.
either get over .
then there is email which can send letters, photos and comments.
also, you can refrain from making a trip from the store by purchasing items online.
many young kids these days are watching , they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it .
also of students say that they usually go online to study or get the pages for homework.
i could not do my events for science so i got a on it.
phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets.
or, what if someone else had the choice to?
many people love to read stuff that other people might find offensive.
difference in opinion can be a big problem for some libraries if patrons do not like the message a book sends.
dear newspaper , are you aware that more than of families have ownership to a computer?
in my opinion it is but only to a certain extent.
can you picture person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the ?
you look shelf after shelf, not locating anywhere.
this also gives me the feeling of warmth and love.
it gives you a sense of how the family interacted and became one with the neighborhood.
the cyclist became very tired and the area he was in did not help at all.
i believe that censoring things such as books, movies and music in a library is not a good idea.
i believe the mood of the memoir is happy and enlightening.
while trying to please everyone, some people find some of the material offensive.
the second reason why computers are bad is because of what people past on the computer about other people.
as a child you have nothing but peace.
no parent wants their child coming home from school talking about sex, and drugs they saw in a book at school.
and that is bad enough.
it is alright to not agree with another person says but everyone does have the right to stand up and say what they think about the situation.
we all have poked fun at people, whether it is to hurt them or just give them a hard time, it can hurt people.
i remember in grade when a girl named got very upset because she thought a book was making fun of her skin color.
the last mood in the memoir is happiness.
dear , some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm.
everything in life is as rhythmical, as a wave upon wave on the seashore.
many kids who there homework on computers are very easily distracted.
also, certain materials that some people find offensive have little to no offensiveness to many other people who enjoy the book or movie.
first off, the cyclist was in the desert on a bicycle.
that takes away a lot of literature for the people that like that material.
the author concludes the last paragraph of the story because she already knew that she should not be afraid of trying a new life or new environment.
did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination.
for example paragraph rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which i am eternally grateful).
in libraries, there is usually an adult section and kids section.
computers will bring nothing but grief to humanity.
now i know everyone, kids and teens especially, love to talk to their friends so most people sign up for an online community website.
instead of being on the computer join a sports club.
they should censor what their children do.
we also live in a country where their are so many drivers and cars on the road.
i believe that the library was a right to keep whatever they want on the shelves.
he is a selfless person.
the internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world.
also there is the question of, what is offensive?
it smoothing up the vibe and if you be and a bad mood that music you like claim you down in put you and a better one.
younger kids could always just grab them not knowing what it is and go watch it in there room.
so the computer can save us from failing!
i believe when books, music, movies, and magazines publish offensive material that it is just a matter of opinion.
using computers helps society.
one of the many times i went to the library i was looking for a book i had read before but i could not find it.
so have a bad on people?
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
he is gracious towards his parents for being courageous and making them a home.
it read that sucking on stones help take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you have left to circulate.
without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in .
they can also be used to interact with people far away.
therefore it should be age appropriate.
removing a book from a library is like removing hundreds of pages of knowledge.
do computers society?
there is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see.
now that you know my personal views about the censorship in libraries understand that not everyone is the same.
another reason he has a happy mood is because he talks about his family coming to .
in conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people.
but, there begs the question if certain materials should be excluded if they deemed to be offensive.
how you know if the person on the computer is not looking for diet foods or fat free things?
i highly doubt it.
people might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out.
i am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities.
even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer.
we bought tickets and went in.
a negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able.
there are a variety of things to do rather than staying glued to the computer the whole day.
it is a hard choice to make.
in everyday life there are things that are said in movies, music, and magazines that kids should never watch, hear or read.
therefore, the setting was affecting to the cyclist.
first off you should not be taking books off of shelves for any means.
my first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on.
this led to many bake sales and fund raisers.
many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them.
a thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on.
dear newspaper, though computers have many benefits, they also have many faults too.
my favorite would have to be the computer programs.
if we removed books that offended even one person, then no books would remain.
the prides itself on that children are the future, well, why not put in the effort to prevent the from seeing what the see or read?
that means he is saying that he will always love his parents and his family.
they can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use for entertainment.
he is doing something that be lovers, is heading for a beautiful destination, and has found a short cut to save him hours of time.
instead of being on the computer learning hand eye.
censorship can be a good thing it could also be a bad thing.
i think that computer are a good benefit for people because those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
my sister lives in , and as a result i barely get to see her or even talk to her.
there was a survey taken to see which is used more often, books with a specific subject or computers for information or various subjects.
not any more.
she is saying that when the new season begins it will be her beginning and shell have a different outlook on her new life.
you can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go.
they make the most money off of them.
we can learn many things about the countries and also the sportsmen and women we meet.
it was dry and hot and he had no water.
they might start doing something else or get answers for something they can do without the computer.
they loved many people who they knew they could trust.
another thing is sex in books.
with this, kids and adults are communicating in high end ways that waste too much time.
after a while he started to come outside a lot mostly every day when it was nice.
the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time.
do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone?
there is a lot of bad music.
the man feels like their is nothing left and its the old men who caused this.
the cyclist is mostly affected by his lack of water.
many people have there own personal view on this subject.
he believes in discipline.
dear times, you think computers benefit society?
in addition, specially designed computers can tend to peoples specific needs.
if someone wants there opinion to be read they should have that right.
one person think a book is offensive but the next not.
the way he talks about his parents ends up making the reader thankful too.
they can also read classics by great authors.
another reason is that shes trying to tell us that there is a future for the hibiscus.
this is has the computer helps the world.
so who would have negative effects of the computer.
imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond.
she vows that in the spring, when the hibiscus is budding (restarting its growth cycle) she will restart too and retake the test.
those are some of the many features that effect the cyclist.
hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country.
computers and the have changed the way the world works today.
the first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot.
people are not always as they say they are.
going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet.
if you to type, then you a good job.
in my opinion there are some books that i could think of that are offensive to others for particular reasons.
then your friend said playing games.
after the breakfast, i go to the bus stop to catch my school bus.
its your choice what to get not theirs.
it made me sad to hear an innocent little talking about things that are way over his head.
innocence in the library was gone.
people are not leaving their house and not getting active.
it could also help save our planet by saving the energy.
let readers have their freedom.
just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer.
dear local newspaper, i think spending to much time on a computer is bad.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because it is what the whole story is about.
also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more.
see the world through their own eyes.
so if people do get mad they can report it or just walk away and ignore it.
no one deserves to be offered the damaging violence of uncensored books, and music
by the very dry climates
instead of spending hours on your feet go sit on your computer for ten minuets or less.
i believe if not all, the majority of the time we make the right choice.
however, we can prevent it!
you can use the internet to communicate with people all over the world.
it is very beautify place and i am very like to spend the evening in the home garden.
today, however, people use technology to find this information.
dear local newspaper, people are talking about computers and what it does to us.
the safety of children is also important.
the parents point of view makes things a lot worse.
second reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about places around the world the world.
so, we took our umbrellas and set out.
censorship in libraries should not be a big deal.
everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family.
the mood of the author in this memoir was happy, grateful, and gratitude.
censorship should by no means be allowed in our country today.
in plus the computer was getting boring.
they just ignore it, the world needs more people like that.
these games are a great to help people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation.
thank you very much for your time and effort that you put in to listen to me.
they deserve more attention than a machine.
in the end, the problem will be solved.
her daughter was not adjusting to her new atmosphere and even though she had spent a lot of money on a single flower she understood.
computers are progressing into our lives more and more.
would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish?
she can turn a negative attitude into a positive one when she says she will retake the test when the geese return and hibiscus is budding.
books give people another way to learn new things.
preventing a child from seeing a rated movie or reading a letter to is a separate issue from censorship.
they have libraries so you can pick out books (and other materials) that you like.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
see how much of a different a computer can make?
heat, dry, flat - all are features of the setting that effected the cyclist.
my first reason is playing games.
the intense heat, rough terrain, the animals and his isolation all contributed to his strain while completing his challenging task.
get up, get active and go outside.
i recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer.
well in this letter i am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society.
we came back home after a few hours.
the last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking.
every day, constantly, for about a year, i came home, to on the computer, and began my , as i .
he describes in exhaust how hard his journey is getting.
not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games!
we can borrow one book at a time from the school library.
i think that these website are dangers because somebody can hack in to your file and they can try to talk to you like their your friend.
dear of the , you know that computer have been around since the .
i believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong.
she is now more open minded about the situation.
books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
in conclusion, this is why the author concluded the story with that phrase.
another reason is that you can search anything you need to know.
they have kids, fiction, informational, and many more.
most of the time, when people go to a library, they go to get books.
keeping in mind that not everybody likes to read books, they just find reading magazines and watching movies interesting.
computers can help with countless things.
it takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to.
the five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call.
there are many different arguments about this subject.
libraries have books that spark interest in a reader.
i rely on my computer so much that i would be lost without it and i would get half as much done.
people will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong.
i believe that the effects on people negative.
you can also look at diet plans, find medicine for your health, or find new ways to exercise your body.
we use computers to keep us warm during winter.
the things they do to make some cash around here, do you agree with me?
however, many do not.
his mood is high and her has confidence.
there are certain ways to research information effectively.
the images from the film stayed in my head for a good month.
i will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is needed by stating these three reason.
is someone a trip to a country that they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
to remove such things from the library, would be like trying to keep a child from ever seeing a naked body, or hearing a curse word.
and talk to friends more easily.
there are many reasons why censorship is pointless and wrong.
the setting also affected the cyclist because there was no one around him to help.
they are also known to have a very good memory.
and exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise.
thus, the more vacations they go one which is profitable for airplane companies.
they provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment.
at times movies can be very interesting because of the actions and drama in the movies.
of students at say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet.
computers are one of the best technology invention yet to come that benefits society.
she never spends time with her family or friends.
it is either to keep them safe, pure, or happy.
and there are tons of more things you can do.
and how they turned their life into something like those movies when they go on or break.
i believe that sometimes magazines need to be censored because they are promoting bad habits for people all across the and other people around the world.
he setting of this short story affects the cyclist.
secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier.
all through out the story he ran into many problems or obstacles but overcame them very well.
removing material from libraries can cause many things; approval, disapproval, anger, and happiness.
they can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid.
young parents i do believe is one of the reasons kids know about these movies, books, music, and magazines.
if a school is allowed to take away one right of a group of people without punishment, then they might start taking away other rights.
therefore, computers are very positive, since of use them now positively, why stop?
dear local newspaper, computers have a positive effect on people.
computers have a positive effect on people of all ages.
, out of people surveyed in , agree that the use of computers benefits society.
lastly, the author ended the passage with that paragraph to end on a good note and show a positive outlook on life.
the movies in the movie store are locked up in a back room where you have to be or older to go back there and look.
as is normal throughout all deserts, the sun is blazing hot, as is the sand.
i think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because has bad things online.
then neither party is happy, because both of their books are gone.
the author had literally put himself into the memoir as i read.
the be gets home, boom he is on it until maybe or o'clock in the .
people these days though.
what kind of books can elevate our nature?
with the cyclist having limited amount of water effected him to.
and people have slowly began to deal with it.
the internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects.
computers hold the world at your finger lips.
the three main moods where grateful, loving, and happy
one day when i was younger just starting to read i came across a book.
people never want to lose relationships.
last but not least, you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day?
there are snakes that are not poisonous.
i would also have my own room devoted for music only.
i could not help but ask, why he was taking such pains.
to solve the problem, everything should not be censored.
this showed the warmth, love and selflessness of the family.
to the people at the i would like to tell you and your readers that there is something wrong with the .
like at the first town he still has confidence in what they told him.
reading is an important thing and whether or not the reader likes it, they will come across one that offends them.
online also helps because you can pay bills to gave bank and it overall saves a trip to the bank & a waste of gas.
it has opened employment exchanges in all cities.
i do not believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work.
one time i went to the library and i was looking for a romantic book to read and i could not find it.
the libraries needs more than one copy of a book, so they will not fight over it.
teachers are beginning to require that school work is typed on a computer and printed.
if you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book.
it will benefit both sides of this argument.
this in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader.
whether it is books, movies or music, a person always has the choice of whether or not they want to be in contact with that item.
i know what is out there and some of the books or movies are not always kid rated.
there are not as many people taking care of our planet.
that is why there should be censorship of certain materials, to a certain degree.
in conclusion, books, movies or anything of that matter should not be took off the shelf because it offended someone.
i believe they will be in all of our homes.
i then go and brush my teeth.
with different cultural beliefs comes different beliefs and views of everyday things.
most children from ages to draw a curious mind to the very adult world and seek to find answers.
people ask, ' much should be censored?'
computers give people a place to interact with others.
there was a large snack in the middle of the road, as the tumble weed blew by.
once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop.
people use it sometimes for entertainment not research.
then they will love me.
the setting affected the cyclist because the terrain you ride on can determine how you ride.
changed our way of life and have made things easier.
all the members of his family are good.
he thinks they have gone up because, instead students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet.
if your not going to find a book there, why go to the library anymore?
i think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron.
with out any doubt, there is offensive material printed on numerous pages spread through out the thousands of books and magazines a library holds.
there were many different conditions that effected the cyclist.
the features of the setting including vast emptiness, hills, heat, and no water all create obstacles for the cyclist in do not exceed posted speed limit.
it was the bow of indra, the king of gods.
yes, media is everywhere.
she said shell retake her driving test when her plant buds and is brave, so she will do the same.
certain material such at rated movies and romance novels are not inappropriate or unacceptable.
this quote shows that the cyclist is in complete despair as he looks at the photo and hangs his head.
everybody should be able to decide for themselves is right or wrong to; watch, read, or hear.
small things like such as language should not cause the material to be taken off of shelves where people who appreciate it cannot obtain it.
we should have an understanding of the bad things in life.
here is evidence from the article.
in conclusion, libraries are nothing without all the history, stories, news, and music that is inside of it.
my hobby is gardening.
yes you can talk to other people online get friends.
to a doctor at .
also, living this secluded lifestyle can cut off ties with your friends and family.
by ending the story with this quote, it suggest that the author still has hope of adapting to her new home.
second you do projects on them or homework if you need to.
i love the piano.
also, it is the best time to study and play.
throughout history their have always been those who have refuted the beliefs and ideals of others.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making it more difficult to ride.
teachers can even post notes on school websites of homework, when projects are , ext.
last week i had my final examinations.
there are , , , reading, book sites all on the web!
we should be aware to prevent another event like that from happening.
to me computers are positive.
so, as can be seen.
rated movies they should be allowed in the library.
there are two books that i read called the and .
the author concluded this story with this paragraph because she wanted show how the flower gave the little girl strength.
when communicating with people on the computer the writer tends to short hand things.
since she tries to make a???
but even more importantly, what good is hiding the truth?
after reading all the facts surely one would agree that a is a great tool that should be used.
in conclusion i think that people would be more from using computers this is because it is easier to work with.
if not, then it should be a recommendation and obligation to have an age limit.
this proves that certain items, like books, movies, and music, should not be taken off the shelf.
have you ever wanted to know what the capital of is, or what the weather is in ?
second, you can get misspell words using instant messenger.
i thought i had secured her in her bedroom, to go to sleep but to my surprise she was still woke!
and you could also do like to the and you see people.
the importance of computers in the modern world.
conversations over a chat system are fast and effective.
reading should not be restricted by any means.
yes, i think what some people put in their music is not appropriate but we can always change the station on the radio.
should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found offensive?
the setting is the reason his mood changes through out the story.
the last reason i think people should use computers is that you can keep pictures, videos, document and contacts on your hard time.
in conclusion these are some things that made his trip hard.
the sun is beating down on him and is making it harder for him to reach his destination.
thank you for your time.
finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people.
he teases the young boys and girls of the locality.
music is one of the biggest part of our society today.
to him, the sight was troubling.
when they ended the story i thought to myself how nice it ended.
i think this because there can be somethings that you not want your children to read.
so then there would be no books left.
throughout his adventure everything kept this young man from getting water and to whenever there was water any faster.
the book only be offensive to one race or religion.
computers are essential to our way of life.
some people have different opinions of the book or it means something different to them.
while we are on the computer we spend a lot of time and sometimes causes us to even forget to exercise.
they started this home with three children in their small house.
not one person is the same so not everybody will take offense to the same thing.
i like my house very much.
this story makes me think about why they should put books on a different shelf or higher up.
a good neighbor is a blessing.
it brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other.
allowing the reader, watcher, or listener to expect more and want more.
there is games you can play, quizzes you can take and you can chat with your friends.
the content of a library should be full of various material even if one find certain materials offensive.
virtual tours are becoming more and more common today.
censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong.
computers educate people about places all over the world.
the decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system put in place for all media.
there are websites on the internet and among them there are game sites.
most young adults read about books that are about adventure, mystery, or love.
they are utilizing their free speech by means of press.
as a result, that book was banned from libraries and schools.
censorship is a two sided question.
despite the different customs elsewhere, all of these cultures were united as one family.
sometimes, the cat spends hours and hours at the rat-holes in searching of tats.
there is all different kinds of stuff in there.
it;s a completely different story now.
censorship in libraries?
going to the library is one of the best ways to explore new things.
people view offensive writing and actions differently from one another.
computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost.
dear local newspaper , show that of humans in the alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop.
these books should be locked up so children cant get them.
today, computers allow us to communicate with one another, access the millions of websites on the internet and help with school work.
as you can see the setting was an area with no people, and it was very hot.
lastly, the author created the mood modesty.
there are countless sites and to name a few, , , , the list goes on and on.
the computer is one of the greatest inventions created.
he has one son and one daughter.
one person could want to rent out their favorite horror movie and suddenly it would not be there because a couple of people thought it was offensive.
when they do they go on the internet to find out how to lose weight, but they never do it.
first of all computers have caused to not exercise and become unhealthy.
people need to stop complaining about everything and just do something.
these are all the reasons why computers are bad.
the location of a cyclists ride affects the persons attitude and strength.
the dog has a long history and it may be the long living animal on the earth.
they can make you uncomfortable.
they have no time to study at night because they spend all their extra time on the internet.
but books cannot shout their values.
instead of going on computers.
yes, the computer can be very addicting but once in a while you need to get off and maybe get some fresh air.
when you type a paper for school, you go to spell check and then you know everything is correct.
the is an example of a controversial book that many people believed to be offensive to their religious beliefs.
such working, or for most teens, doing homework.
the author is describing these warm, comforting memories to help clash with the cold, bitter day the girl is having.
also, is another website that helps us study for vocab.
you can in with a friend that is out of state, or you can talk with a person out of this country!
in order for more people to maintain healthy, there needs to be a lot of .
magazines just are a new thing that people are trying out.
dear newspaper, have you ever wanted to see your that lives across the country?
three, they can develop a sense of typing.
this is why i think that the author finished with that paragraph to get his message across.
music, movies, magazines, and books can be such a big part of peoples lives and taking these things from them is not right
the answer in the question world war .
not the books that will talk about sexual things or even make you wonder about sex.
i remember when she moved to .
parents will eventually find out what you doing behind close doors, they been through everything you doing or trying to do now.
i think that computers have a good effect on people.
i believe that books that have something offensive in them should not be censored.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
the second master loved pets.
the talks about his parents immigrated to so that he can have a better education.
it is important to be aware of what is going on around you.
if someone of a certain belief sees something offensive to them or their religion, then they have an option to not read or look at it.
a hobby is the best form of recreation to mind and body.
denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson.
all the features of the setting put together can lead to major trouble.
with all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world.
as long as the computers are plugged, they emit invisible wares of electromagnetic radiation.
secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate.
how would the library know which books to take off the shelf because all parents have different ideas of what is right and wrong.
in this memoir, there are moods created by the author in the memoir.
movies tell different stories such as life stories.
so if anything, the books that be offensive to people only show you that you will not like everything that someone writes or says.
for example, last week in social students i researched the amendments to the constitution.
first of all, i think that computers benefit our society because lets people in contract with family and friends in other states.
authors are artists.
our society is maturing too fast for young children, why should the library take part in that?
children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers and feel the breeze brush against their cheeks.
did you ever think about why students read what they are ready now?
there are numerous ways in which the increasing rate of computer use does not benefit society.
she also buys the plant so that it motivates her to take the test she failed again in the spring when the flower is budding.
his family always helped their friends and when family visited they always had a place to .
but thanks to computers life is one step easier if someone had a science project.
it involves the sacrifice of time and thoughts.
then we can learn fast without a book.
i had studied the whole day.
we want to know the welfare of the person.
censorship in libraries is not as needed as most people think.
dear , computers are a sought after item in this day in age, and we are making advances in technology every single day.
the messages are all the same in each type of media: sex, drugs, and violence.
is a huge thing to worry about kids all over are on their computer than outside.
this can teach the next generation that it was a bad idea and should not have happened in the first place, so they will not do it.
in the evening, we went for a walk on the mall road.
but some do not think that the libraries should be putting stuff there if they are not going to let any one touch it or check it out.
thank you for reading this and have a nice day
libraries have so many books, and books that talk about everything so what would be the point of having a book taken off the shelves.
people like things no matter what, because there will always be flaws with some objects such as books, music, and movies.
that is the problem.
also for chatting.
he should talk less and work more.
there are many educational websites on computers.
with over the population being obese, something needs to be changed.
please listen to my reason why the computer effect people lives!
if a person wants to check out a book that is offensive, they should be allowed to check it out and read it.
i would be grateful also.
the feature of the setting including the conditions, weather, and amount of water can possibly decide the life or death of the cyclist.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society.
then we came to the cages of birds.
if i am listening to music, i listen to the beat and the words at first.
in do not exceed posted speed limit the cyclist is affected by the features of the setting by making him feel worse than he does.
people sit inside all day instead of going outside to enjoy nature.
it is an efficient way to study or find information for school.
you need a computer if your teacher require you to type things.
a video camera used on your computer.
by typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat.
its proven that students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well.
personally i have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers.
when the animals cry and flee in pain in pain, the boy
censorship is important, but the entire banning of a certain piece of material is unjust.
being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better.
you can even go in chat room.
depending on where you are, the restrictions be more or less harsh.
the setting of a desert in the uncultured.
what look vulgar to someone, might not look so offensive to another individual.
now since i am older my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored things.
people use the computer for school work.
, out people are obese.
the author just creates a calm and grateful mood to this memoir.
i would not, so you should not do that to other people.
also for the rated x magazines, movies, etc.
computers are great.
instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends.
with entertainment it is hard to please everyone.
computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society.
the authors should not be punished just because someone is offended by what he or she wrote.
the music you listen to has a huge impact on your life.
he or she was just probable writing a book that they though was a good book.
his gratitude is being showed towards his parents.
they should not be removed if found offensive to someone but not offensive to another.
is just of several quotes from a book that i am reading that some people could take offense to.
computers are good for learning about people and places.
the whole house was reduced to ashes.
there were some policemen who were maintaining law and order in the fair.
the material that is offensive should not be on the shelves for children sake.
some like to go to movies.
in it talks about how his parent welcome refugees to celebrate their arrival to .
the snake in the story made the journey for this guy perilous and deadly.
she took offense to that?
and weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about.
whenever you go to the store you always see magazines on the shelves or somewhere else.
he is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house.
it all depends on where you are cycling.
i want to play my computer.
i think people should not spend so much time on the computer.
in my opinion, these types of materials should stay on the shelves.
they believe that the words of the artists and authors shows feelings and have messages hidden within words of vulgarity, which is where i stand on the situation.
they can be amazing for a while but only for a while.
also the conclusion paragraph shows comfort at a time of disappointment.
using a computer helped hand eye coordination.
parents will worry about their children and adults can worry about themselves.
fortunately, there was no loss of life.
but, they were still happy and determined to be, so they all work together happily and in unity.
people should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect.
this is the effect of library censorship.
if students go to school and they are in high school they pretty much already know what is going on around the world.
one of my friends is really bad at getting what she wants.
what if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war.
recently i had to do a project in about a place in .
use the internet!
learning about things you have never dreamed about learning.
everyone has a different opinion on what books they like to read.
also it could help you get a job.
surprisingly it is true that all of the reasons are good for the time being on the computer.
this is why the story ends like that.
also you can go on website , or other places to talk to your friends.
you can learn from the computer.
just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number.
whether they are considered monsters or maybe even the devils offspring; our youth need influences.
censorship should be a matter of the private, not public sphere.
a lot of people use computers in present day.
most people think you can use your brain for knowledge and call it exercise.
simply follow the rating rules.
it could also help people find their .
in the future, we will require computers in most of our daily work.
the setting affected the cyclist a lot in this essay.
dear , opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons.
this is a good way to conclude a story.
people nowadays are becoming smarter and smarter.
making dinner, riding a bike, driving a car etc.
he can feel angry, happy, sad or scared and he can start to think about his own death.
computers be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends.
you can go on game sites and play thousands of different games.
dear the , computers do not benefit society.
milch cows have shown better yield of milk due to music i like michael jackson the most.
also, you are pushing your loved ones away by being on .
nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours.
so how is it inappropriate for them to read fictional books that include the topic?
some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views, opinions, and morals.
when its bright out again and things start looking out again and things starts looking good shell feel good about taking the test over again.
do you know where your family comes from?
there are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people.
adding to his weakness, and the extreme heat, he also ran out of water, causing him to become dehydrated.
in some movies, for example, the rating is just not right because some movies have so much violence or language.
nature is very important and can be extremely fun, so this is a shame.
at the computer?
and many other reasons why should have for .
censorship in libraries?
we should keep profanity but limit it from kids.
next is the hills.
not up to me, it takes more than one person to do that.
he often mentions fears of dropping dead, being eaten by vultures, and, at one point, even wishing death upon himself via choking albeit jokingly.
the setting is an excellent way to portray his feelings of hopelessness, despair, and fatigue.
he has many instruments for his work.
what be offensive to one parent not be to another.
the settings also made the cyclist a little frightened for instance, the cyclist came across a snake that he was terrified of.
i hate violence.
family is very important to most families now a days.
its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school.
this is due to the fact that it is a public library and there should be many many different kinds of books.
it gives people a chance to understand how the real world .
you are sort of in a way trying to hide away reality when taking away certain books.
also it is just flat out a waste time when you could be outside playing a game.
this is a very difficult topic to argue with.
in the story he told the many sacrifices his parents made to give him a better life than the one they had.
the sentence is able to wrap up the story and demonstrates the importance of the hibiscus.
not only is it a punishment for them, but it is also to keep them away from other people.
what if we took you computer away?
she has set a goal to accept it.
the influences one encounters can be either positive or negative.
this brings me to my conclusion.
in the memoir the author creates many moods with in it.
without this valuable exercise more people are .
if certain items become restricted; it would mean that people over a certain age are allowed to read them.
rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
in my opinion i think computers have a positive effect on people.
when i went to for a vacation, i learned about the differences in traditions and culture.
computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier.
the books at the library are on a shelf and little kids grab them everyday so why cant they read them if there in their sight.
we know them well.
this affected him a lot because the desert is very hot.
computers have made things a lot impact on children but we all new things i when we use computers.
many books would be gone?
most children are addicted to computer games.
people just really need to mind their own business and not worry about what other people find enjoyable.
finally, many families today never see each other because kids and their parents are too busy on the computer.
man does not live by bread alone.
with computers kids are rarely going outside.
now the kids know how to say them.
i really think that anyone should be able to read the kind of books that they like.
this is where computers come in.
so, speak up and talk to someone about the idea.
books, movies, and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion, and it should remain that way.
i believe they are already censored enough.
they can help tourist learn about a location they wish to travel to.
in the old days if you did not about something or someone, like a movie, you never find any info about them.
is expressed by the family gathering a the dinner table more times that not.
and this will make them get more weight.
google something like trees.
songs that really mean something or about someone.
it really does work on your hand and eye coordination.
burn the average person between the ages of and spend more then hours on a computer.
this quot was found in , this quot also shows that his family was kind and generous.
i can see how censorship is very useful and important.
mindless spewing of words linked together with curses and other garbage.
when people come and search for a book to read, they search for what they think they will enjoy.
but i know this because its says then i will take that test again her saying that is her saying she will thrive again just like the hibiscus plant.
if only certain people are going to complain about it its not really a big deal.
not even books that will influence bad things.
not having enough water can cause someone to dehydrate, which does happen to the cyclist in the essay.
sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery.
she is determined to pass the test when spring arrives, and blossom again.
i love to read during the day.
the memoir also makes one feel very grateful for what they have, which, is another mood.
children should be kept away from these books but they should not be completely removed from the shelves.
it landed at jaipur airport.
for example, you can find out about other countries in the world.
people are busy in earning money or solving their problems.
but that same book i have read might be interesting to other people.
he also cares that his parents do so much for other people.
if you do, then you are wrong.
it is not supposed to be just one genre that only one person likes.
computers are also fun.
the computer is an great place to look at updated pictures, and learn about your new hometown.
this conclusion helps the reader understand what reminds her of home.
they also have maps to guide you through the way.
i am a science student but unlike my other classmates, i have opted for elective english.
when we find materials, like those listed before offensive outside of school, we stay away from them.
people need them for communication, telephone numbers, or facts about anything.
books now have a lot of crude text and humor.
she said that if she has the right to take books off the shelf, then so does everyone else.
i can say that books and songs have saved lives.
the first and most dominant mood is a sense of family or friendship.
am i right?
computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family.
if you think about it, each and every one of those billion minds thinks differently.
this is just one reason why i think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of the .
one is on a rainy day.
so for now, i stand by the opinion that computers are great, and extremely useful to everyone.
before he got to the fish camp the cyclist saw no one and was becoming dehydrated.
whether those reasons are for education or for recreation, the libraries have reasons for them.
we walked out the front doors and we were on our way home.
he should know how to preserve his ancient glories and treasure them as national pride.
the features is old abandon towns and hot temperatures.
everyone in a library has the right to take or read what they want.
so parents can pick what they can read.
this was because all information was found in books.
winding hills limited water and poor directions are the troubles of this cyclist.
but this is why people become overweight and obese.
also the computer can teach you lots of thing.
i see the little plants grow.
one day someone came over and they started talking outside.
this will help us later on in life also.
as the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers.
with all of the details, the author creates a loving, cultural affect can only be found with great family and friends.
books, movies, plays, games, magazines, all things of that sort are for our entertainment.
about what society would be like.
in school libraries the majority if not all of the library is devoted to children or teenagers.
any article, song, or film could be offensive.
so she had to take it off.
children, and adults have very different views on what to read.
i like the freedom and easiness of a computer.
it is important for a student to read , and the works and .
how much of your free time daily to you spend on the computer?
she is content for the moment but is planning to please herself and her mother again in the spring.
all the good music, books, and movies well go away and the people who like them well get mad.
however there are many different beliefs on this subject.
you can just login and talk to anyone in the world.
lastly, you can see pictures of your family.
now if a gory or a book with lots of blood in it, then it should stay on the shelves.
so i believe instead of wasting time on the computer we should go and interact with family and friends.
people who grow up free to read and watch generally what they wish can turn out differently.
they would start a conversation with you like they would ask you for your name and where you live.
this increased his thirst and gave him a feeling of spite towards the old men who had given him advice.
dear local newspaper, i think people using a computer has a effect.
for example, people offend other people all the time by words they say.
the following day he was allowed to work on the computer and got three pages notes.
often music uses swearing language or states certain views on politics.
same with the magazines, movies and books they should all be in a room together away from all the rest of the items in the library.
if you get rid of those materials you should probably get rid of your internet too.
censorship is wrong because it violates at least two of the five basic freedoms granted to all citizens.
the gives all citizens the freedom of the press.
you can even get to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you not have knew how to sound out.
the worst thing of all you were not able to spend time with the family member that you love the most.
i feel that censorship in libraries is not needed.
we should give alms only to the disables beggars.
also, children should be protected, and that is not censorship.
he wakes up again early in the morning and gets ready for school.
students have to learn them when they study mathematics in higher classes.
we used to have about .
on the other hand, somebody else could be perfectly fine with it.
a computer grabs attention to a lot of teenager.
i think the internet is a great thing, and it puts a effect on many people.
then he takes rest for some time under a shady tree.
there are many ways to approach this question.
they write it because it shows emotions and feelings.
everything would be off the shelf if we were to pull offensive materials off the shelf.
in the every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to.
in some countries, people distill seawater and get fresh water.
the mood of this story is happy.
big cabinets are kept all around the library.
i was so sad.
seeing this brought back all the memories of her life back home [] that kept her going.
parents need to watch what there kids read and watch on a daily basis.
i think everyone should have at least one or two computers in their house, they were invented for a reason.
there are too many people in this world to try and censor the materials libraries display.
could you live a day without a computer?
i was mortified that the little girl had to hear those words at such a young age.
i believe that slavery is a hard subject to come to grips with.
libraries should not have those kind of books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
i ask you this, how would you feel?
also he was upset that the old timers gave bad directions.
the computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more of people around the world.
i myself have talked with my sister in a different room while using the computer so the computer lets you interact with friends and family too!
if there were hills the cyclist would be tired as well as thirsty.
we as take it very offensive when they are called someone in our own race a .
hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is.
two more things affected the cyclist.
farmers became slaves became very rich and i kid even grad collage at age .
social activity is good for everyone.
couple that with him biking, and you have yourself a dehydrated man in the desert!
firstly, they would check out sites to go to in .
i hope you agree with me.
when i am on the computer to long i know.
that law still exists and has been used many times to defend people arguing to keep their work, their words, and their ideas out in the world.
to simply write a book or a magazine, or make a movie just to offend someone or something is wrong.
around the world many people sell their computers to get money to different stuff like, shoes, clothes or games.
this is something that cannot be allowed in our libraries.
the time has come to decide.
in conclusion just go outside and have fun!
i think that it is bad enough that a lot of teenagers have been exposed to a lot of these things already.
there are tons of books that have bad language and perverse ideas.
second it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you get a hold of family and friends.
after the rider gets home he says he is going to do it again.
or your daughter from looking at porn.
therefore, if the setting had taken place in a cooler setting with lots of people, the cyclist would have found water.
this hurt me because that book was one of my favorite books to read.
these books are classics and should not be changed, or removed from the shelves.
computers made communication easy for anyone.
this will come off offensive to many men and women.
after all they are just words on a piece of paper.
today, a lot of children and teenagers are getting bullied.
but the hibiscus plant helped her realize she has another chance.
all in all, library censorship is very weak.
that mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping.
my opinion on movies however are a little different.
a student write a research paper on the effects a certain drug has on an individual.
the past is the best teacher and when the past is gone there is no way for those students to learn about the past.
from the flower shop to the house, she is comparing her home land to the flower which shows how she relates to it.
there are numerous books and movies which are deemed not appropriate for younger audiences.
the people spend all there time siting in a chair they could have a chance of gaining wait.
with that said, magazines can also be bad for public libraries due to some of the explicit content.
another reason why a computer is not needed is many people neglect pure nature.
in conclusion however, bad censorship causes people to become uneducated, at the end resulting in pure ignorance.
the internet just does it right on the spot.
instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park.
she is going to keep trying to adjust to her new home.
everyone has found something offensive throughout their life.
some features of the setting affect the cyclist.
one of these moods were appreciative, he was appreciative that his parents made a house into a home.
that family has made that their home forever.
should they or should they ?
so think are you for or against censorship.
we can learn about the climate.
no matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it
strikes and balls is your count.
most books have ideas and topics that are offensive to one person or another.
think about that next time that you think a book could arise tension between people and think are you taking away rights of other
just playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves.
these are all great uses for computers.
i do not think so.
we also go to the library to read the newest book of a series.
i also think that many people have been complaining about the violence in the community due to several disturbing books, music, and so on.
what do you do when you have no book for a specific subject?
the cyclist in this story is very a ware to how his body is and acknowledges his dehydration.
we shouted at the top of our voices.
our state does put in each year for our parks just so we can ignore them.
book burning is a horrible action by any person.
people use them to talk to friends and family online.
had he been in a city or in rolling farmland he might not have been as terrified.
they can submerge themselves into obesity.
there is only one reason why we should keep certain materials out of the library.
this would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world.
did you ever need to know something about another place, or maybe want to see your baby cousin who is not a baby anymore?
from different websites.
this creates a full understanding of the test and hibiscus.
think about what would happen if u brought down books off the shelves.
to further help the public, there are ways to gain college degrees online.
one feature is the desert he is biking through.
more than that is kids.
this is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
they have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses, without regard to what other people find offensive.
another feature of the setting was the multitude of hills.
i think they should not remove these things from the shelves.
this is because not only is quicker, but simpler as well.
and then it talks about his gratefulness, to truly show the contrast between sacrifice and the state of being grateful.
dear , name is and i am here to give you opinions about computers.
studies done by , doctor at stated that of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not.
the story is mostly about how much the author appreciates his family and what his parents have done for him.
also to play games on.
finally the last reason i believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet.
thank you for reading this and i hope i persuaded you enough with my reasoning.
() shows how her attitude changes from cynical to hopeful.
say no cause you computer.
a journey boat is always very pleasant.
most teacher prefer the essay typed and not written.
what do you do?
then because of the old towns he went through he was unable to get water.
its amazing what technology does.
the passage that supports this is,.
well now this is more than possible through the advances in technology.
lastly, if you really want something or need it just shop online.
in the end i think that computers are a real waste of time.
but another reason is that begging has become quite a paying profession.
events such as that are the exact reason why i think that almost any book belongs on the shelf.
but, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy.
but these days, he can find out anything.
with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project!
this technology has resulted in very poor eyesight in the general public.
no one is perfect and we all make mistakes.
some were reading newspapers.
sent over the , faster than any service.
through reading the book ' ' by , i have observed that parents need to have some involvement in their children are reading, listening to, and watching.
i did all my research on the computer.
with a computer everyone can learn about people all over.
for those people who love sports, you can look up you favorite team and see if they won that weeks game.
did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already.
the creator of each song, movie, song, magazine, or any other publication has made their product for a specific customer.
i believe these people reserve the right to view and listen to what they would like but they should be censored in a public library.
she needs to stop thinking about where she used to live and begin her new life in a new country.
they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
would you want them to come into your business and start complaining and then you are forced to get rid of that item because of them.
you should not interacted with friends on the internet for that reason.
another story that fits quite well into this topic is .
primarily, i would like to say that computer are a fantastic source of information.
so the way i see it everyone should be entitled on what books they can choose.
along with having to bike up the hills he almost ran into a snake.
new friends can be made everyday.
books could be a way people escape the real world.
this shows that people on computers are not only young, but they want to be on the computer more than be outside.
but those books, movies, and music are not at fault like parents try to make it seem.
saying that she is getting used to where she is now and wants and is willing to give it a chance.
surely, read on to see why computers are very important to us all.
that shows that the house had to be comfortable to him if he calls at home, because a home is a place for someone fells safe and comfortable.
computer saved people from losing their house because of the money they made with the help of computers, computers are a good idea to conclude.
libraries are really for learning and not to offense anybody in any manner.
do you want that or slow information found in a boring book?
the future is coming!
you can go in the computer in and the you see the pieces of your car.
dear newspaper, computers today have a negative effect on people.
there is a small garden around the home and one side is facing a paddy field.
lastly, having computers can help you meet new people.
for example, if someone found the interesting they want to just do some research to learn more about it.
my first reason being socialization.
the things that remind her of home.
begging brings a bad name to the society and country.
she felt a sense of security in conclusion the author ended with that sentence because its a new beginning for her and that hibiscus means a new start.
the library is all about learning.
i think the author concludes the story with that paragraph to show a new beginning.
i also remember when i was in seventh grade the whole class went on .
they see an older kid fighting and they want to try it out.
they be helpful but more hazardous.
i would have to say yes to that question.
censorship in has been around for as long as their has been the various mediums of art.
not quite an optimistic one is he?
hey, a small window pops up you screen.
i people spend too much time on the computer.
of all, she can have the right to do that but there is people who have a say in this.
some movies for children even have inappropriate things; they might be hidden and the child not understand, but it is still there.
it is a place to get away from it all, i think they should leave them just how they are.
also, computers' prices are constantly rising.
so they check online and find about it there.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very relaxed and happy.
i personally think certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
but at the same time, they fight for the right to raise their child the way they want to.
when your on your computer you can not go on an hike in the woods.
however, i believe that books should not be removed or censored in the libraries.
in my mind we should all have computers because there fun and you can learn about everything you could think of so we should all have them.
help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others.
she knows that with the help of the hibiscus plant, that she will pass the test.
every day people i know go home and jump on for the rest of the day.
after eating to the fill and filling my pockets with mangoes.
it could be a section that kids could not enter.
computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake.
this indicates that the mom is trying to tell her that she will get a second chance.
i believe kids like me these day want to keep in touch with their friends.
next, computers also allow people to learn about other faraway places and people.
it showed her getting used to her environment.
another example is when he has to ride on rolling hills, and then comes across a rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit sign.
those who pursue a true wanting to gain knowledge will look at many different kinds of informational items, no matter the subject.
all in all , having computers is a great investment.
do people take offensive books serious.
because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising!
secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education.
in conclusion, computers hours, you must think about what can be done for nature, for your health, and for your family and friends.
florence worked day and night and put everything right within a few weeks.
it is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world.
the reason i think censorship is wrong, is because no one should be able to tell people what they should read or watch.
just think of all of the things we rely on this device to do.
if you are doing a project on fashion a would be excellent to help them find out some tips.
some people that go online to research stuff are probable being lied to maybe someones just messing with them.
how can one person say if something is wrong?
president even says the computer is where of the world gets info.
at the end of the day you still get to teach them not to lesson or do that kind of stuff in the books.
they are a tool of knowledge.
that is why i think the author used such a powerful statement at the end.
so, try books.
sometimes he carries heavy loads on his back.
well, i sure think using a computer has a great effect on people.
anything about a family coming together is loving.
the objects we are talking about are our entertainment it brings us joy and many smiles.
dear readers, i think that its good and bad to use the computer to much
setting was the main factor in deciding upon the cyclists physical and mental state.
he braved the elements and forced himself on, with hopes that any source of water would reveal itself to him.
this feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today.
(paragraph ).
, , and are great ways to keep in touch with other people!
a life lesson of courage.
that is completely understandable.
each person has their own type of information and genres that they like.
here lies the problem.
that could easily go wrong if children, teens, etc take it more than just a movie.
the author is being grateful here when she recognizes the house she has lived in, the house her parents have worked so hard to get to.
people learn the most information out of a book or magazine.
the censorship should be used only to help the kids.
the soldier may be in the army, navy or air force.
that is just a few way that setting could harm you.
dear, opinion is getting out of mind.
the hibiscus reminded her of her grandmother.
is is that easy.
the content has a right to be there.
this is when someone gets bullied online.
the movie helped us to get a real life picture of how things were back then.
also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet.
obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world.
the computer helps the world everyday.
we need books, music, movies, and even magazines, but we need them all together.
just too sit in the house and go to websites.
you just have time for friends and family.
yes computers are a great way to learn about things all over the world, but people have to worry about what is right in front of them.
this is terrible and should stop going on.
the eldest son is a spoilt child.
i agree that this benefits society.
i told you what i thought should go on in the library.
so why should a book be taken out of a library when all you have to do is set it down and leave it?
if someone has the right and the authority to take books off the shelf that bothers them, then i have the exact same right as them.
million of information is found on the internet.
in the memoir, the author also tells about his extreme thankfulness towards his parents.
the article was about the negative effects computers have on the community.
scary movies are not real and some books too.
is clear that if you want to stay healthy, computer usage should be limited.
do not remove the books from the shelf only because it is offensive to one person.
another example is this.
if libraries took any material that anyone found offensive in any way off the shelves, there would be no material left.
the flower was too much of a memory.
no one is a robot that repeats what they do over and over again.
the more you chat on chat room to strangers, the less you will talk to your family.
going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy.
i think it would be best if you unplugged those computers for a day and just went outside and got some fresh air!
i never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, i want them to be responsible and not listen to terrible songs.
just be open and honest at the right time but in a mature clean matter.
there are so many forms of chat on the internet; , , etc.
therefore, my opinion is that is be one of the greatest inventions.
the feature of rolling hills also affects the cyclist.
anything could happen, and your children need to be prepared.
now tell me, who would want to be the unreasonable person and take that away from anyone who is interested?
if this is true i certainly thing we should censor we out out in our public libraries and be careful if we take our children to the library.
it is a mixture of many gases.
this is not because we want it there, but because these things are a part of life.
anything you need you can find it on the computer.
many people believe that some material is unsuitable.
this quote means like before they came to the united states they had courage and now they were going to make it and be successful.
so eat carefully, take exercise for health and cultivate mental energy for a better life.
no matter what your favorite classic piece of literature was, you recall the wonderful feeling you felt when reading it.
this idea relates to my first idea, but i will speak some of it again.
everyone knows that family comes before everything!
lastly, more time on computers means less exercise.
many people world complain about it.
in this paragraph i am going to explain to you why i think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer.
please consider my reasons when making your decision.
so in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things.
some of the movies that a kid can get at a library has the actors doing illegal things in it.
the budding of the hibiscus represents the time when shell be prepared to take the test.
we were trying to buy a new pair of jeans for me.
this shows that he was very thirsty from lack of water.
it started off innocent enough.
owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too.
there is little water and it is boiling hot.
i believe had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation.
but he always helps the needy persons.
the computer be fun but its always important to get outside and enjoy nature.
one incident of my childhood is indelibly printed in my mind.
what if i was to say offensive books?
another feature is that he is in the desert and running low on water.
even if they are concerned about the minds of their children when they go inside a library, they can filter what a child looks at and reads about.
also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by.
its not so hard to decide to censor something when its only your opinion.
in the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society.
also money will always be less when computers come along!
a child enjoys perfect freedom.
as you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life.
so no, there should absolutely not be any censorship in a library.
he has a high moral character.
therefore i do not think that materials that are offensive should be taken off of shelves.
finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them.
so why begin censorship in an area that promotes freedom?
while can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree.
is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their .
if we eliminated books from this section because they are being censored, we will end up with even less teens that read.
when he reached the ghost town and was out of water he was upset and frustrated.
also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome.
in the beginning of his ride the cyclist is confident and is striving to reach the joys of .
so finally, i have a request.
you can look up almost anything on the computer, prices, places, facts, anything!
these machines help our world become an easier place to do.
the road had been abandoned along with the town he had passed through, hoping to get water.
magazines should be available but on the other hand you have to take a more careful approach to music.
put books and movies together, books and movies together, books and movies together, and so on.
being social is an important quality in life.
initially, when the cyclist went through the road with the big snake in the middle of it made him keep cations and very unease.
the author in the memoir tried to create a specific mood.
and in any case, you have to know what to do for example.
the only way i would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts are not right.
he is also admiring the things they went through such as leaving behind their families, and careers in the country they loved.
it gives me great pleasure.
when a book from that section is being checked out merely ask for an from the person checking that book out to make sure that they are of age.
when riding a bike it not seem to hard.
dear editor, do you do all day?
one way is to get the local libraries to participate in putting restrictions on the cards of young children.
people are not getting enough exercise, .
we now live in a world where everyone voices their opinion freely and you can not be punished for doing so.
censorship should only be used if a person is too young to understand why or what is happening when they say a bad word or do something confusing.
my older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away.
they are young and should not be expecting the fact that there people that use these words to express feeling or name calling.
do you know how many people use the computer?
they read books about sex , guns , and many more because they think its exciting well guess what its not!
so they are good
dear , out of ten people spend their time on the computers.
everyone likes different things and has different views.
it is unfair to prevent someone from learning about a certain subject simply because one or two other people oppose the content.
in truth, the author was just trying to convey how the teenage girl feels and what happens when you go through with something like that.
soon the geese will come back and the snow will melt, and she will return to take her test and will be determined to pass.
, there were hills that required more energy to get up.
his job is very tough.
how mad would your parents be?
you can go there to learn and to do research if you have to write a paper.
by typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination.
once again i would like to tell you that always being on the internet is not good.
my final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress.
in this wasted time you could be out going for a jog or walking the day.
in conclusion, i believe the computer is great need for our society.
maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book.
that is to help you spell the words out correctly.
on the phone, she was frantic because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type diabetes.
people who use computers for many hours are just sitting still.
nature helps save the brain.
you can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting.
finally, people go online to chat rooms to talk and met new people.
but what about theaters you ask?
many jobs use computers.
in conclusion the author sets a calm and kind mood by using words and subject matter that i feel are calming.
political correctness can not always be followed when writing a story.
the cyclist took advice from some old men that led him to difficult places to get out of.
this would not be true if certain portions of information began to be removed.
is keeping these things from our children lying to them?
but his determination led to success and arrived into a town
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
she was very upset.
ducks were swimming in the ponds.
the author was grateful, thankful, and never forgot his home.
during the april holiday, our family went on a trip to hond-kong.
the reason why i say is because at that age you should know whats right or wrong and you can handle it if is wrong.
the last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause.
certain material such as books, movies, and magazines should not be removed from libraries.
in my opinion, books that seem offensive to someone should be kept on the shelf.
what is your vision on computers today?
the kid then starts using these words because they think they are cool if and use them.
in spite of being rich, he is not arrogant.
though certain books or magazines have offensive subjects or materials in them, if they were to be removed, how would we learn?
they do not stop playing it because someone having different feelings about the movie.
my first reason is when people get on the computer they find websites that others use.
those are the major social networking tools we use to talk to people around the world.
in life, we cannot shut our eyes and pretend that there are not harsh concepts out there in the world that we have to face.
these are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers.
opposing ideas should be presented.
and even in construction business.
when you could simply go online and look it up on the computer?
dear, town.
people spend too much time on their computers.
the postman brings us news from our friends and relatives.
i believe that it is the job of parents and other adults to teach a child morals and what is right and wrong.
he mounted on his faithful horse kanthaka and reached the bank of the river yamuna.
clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos.
people get distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else.
books come in all different genres and so do music and movies.
this last paragraph is written for several reasons.
firstly, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that the development and manufacturing computers creates thousands jobs!
when you have a choice and you have to make it and hope you make the right one
is in the highest reading level you can be in, in first grade.
they even offered us tea.
this is not good because they should be out having fun, not on the computer all day.
overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.
this flower represented hope.
many people have there own taste in what they like to read, write and do.
if you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have.
the material that would have to be removed are books meant for people of the appropriate age group to inform and tell good stories.
instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you saw online that looks just as exciting.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
the positive effect and negative effect that computers have on people.
this website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on.
he was grateful for his parents caring and selflessness.
the own affected the cyclist by dehydrating him so much, which bring me to the next point.
with censorship, there would not be any books on the library shelves for children to read.
anybody with a teen at home knows that.
if computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age.
think twice about how close you sit from the computer.
teenagers especially, they get ideas of the language and scenes from these sort of stuff.
when people are of age they are allowed to enter the areas, not any younger.
he states in the story, the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
using a computer you have to look at the screen and type at the same time.
dear local newspaper, i would like to speak upon the topic of the effects that computers have on people.
he gets up early and goes to his field he ploughs and
one song that i just saw was called .
people have their own opinions in everything!
some use it to stay connected with family or to reconnect with old friends.
this is how happiness, gratefulness, and unity created a mood in this memoir.
they can even make you sick or angry, but they do not harm anyone.
i think maybe that is one reason i am not religious.
yes that is true!
a specific rating would warn viewers or readers from checking out an item that is offensive or inappropriate.
when i was a young girl in elementary school, i remember doing a whole unit on slavery and the underground railroad.
computers can find every answer to your questions.
further sites like , or where you have you own page post your own opinions.
i think that no books should be taken away.
need new toys for kids?
i am against the removal of offensive entertainment because it is not fair to everyone else that is a member of the library.
books that some find offensive have already been printed and sold to others.
the cyclist is in the desert in the summer time with hardly any water.
are some examples why the cyclist was bike riding down a windy road.
computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation.
you should not ban books because it desecrates our individuality , we have the freedom of press, and because it would ruin the future.
yes, books, magazines, movies and music should be left off the shelf if offensive.
music is a very great art, but when certain people abuse it, it no longer has a good image.
he is also enjoying having his family always at their home.
it can warn man of a possible storm.
one of these is the feature of setting.
this shows she is determined because geese migrate every year and flowers always bud every year.
remembering the names of the books are not going to come to me, but i know i was so upset by how the book was.
i spend at least half my day staring at a screen when i could be outside walking my dog with friends.
dear local newspaper, are computers a bad thing?
the answer is simple, it makes us feel connected.
it is changing the way people are and the way they feel they can act around others.
this crazy computing must end!
i also think that there are some things that can be done to help appease the argument.
if you do not have anything what i just said, there is also texting.
the entire library is split up into different sections.
the author is explaining how their house was always open to anyone that ever needed, all wanted to come, which is a very welcoming feeling.
if you feel like a book, a song, a movie, is offensive, then stop reading, listening, or watching.
however, many people find different things offensive than others.
books might have something things that you find offensive but, if you like the book so much you might as well finish it.
he often told them of his admiration for their strength and perseverance, and he thanked them repeatedly.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
designed with distinctly different minds, people want to read distinctly different books, written by distinctly different authors.
clearly, the ability to contact is a great reason why computers need to be kept.
for example, my cousin is in a sometimes we will go on the computer and talk to on video chat.
in the , everyone is given the right of free speech.
the thing about these is they are displayed in different ways such as music.
for every people when join a social page, get worse grades do to this issue.
this leads into eating unhealthy foods.
from this quote, you can tell that he has a very close relationship with all the people.
if you find something to be offensive, all that you have to do is not check the book or other material out.
so go explore!
if we had all of this then there would not be any more problems.
he used several books to get information on the topic and i used the computer.
you could play talk to people like your friends.
oh, and one last thing, too much time makes you less active.
another student might have loved to read that book.
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive.
the author of this memoir creates a very calm mood.
the author concludes with this paragraph, to give a sense at hope and growth.
a song, book, or movie about slavery can cause some people to be offended.
the goat and the lion lived in peace together.
if there was a book that they read about a person being bullied, maybe it would encourage them to tell a teacher.
the plant is symbolic of her progress because her growth is like the plant.
she encounters no buildings for a long time when she does encounter a building, it is abandoned and suggests that people left because of the landscape.
very soon he anger goes with the wind and sprang up to her usual kindness.
so we say, a stitch in time saves us from having none stitches later on.
today the world works by , as grow!
there are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people who watch them.
this is how websites like make billions from the words being typed into the search engine.
right now, more than of the people have at least one or more computers at home.
the mood that the author created in the memoir was grateful and happy for what he had.
that someone could be an educated person or a high school dropout.
basically, i think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs.
for example, you can communicate with people, conduct business, and you can use it to learn.
and by doing this it will help me on my project or essay.
to this day, his family is still united and they all still love each other.
we know this because when he was at the water pump, he stated, blackish water feeling somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
there was a priest present and everything.
we are all entitled to our own opinion.
the bactrian camels have two humps.
we see that it is already hard for her by the way she breaks down crying.
so instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper.
although it made me very frightened, it taught me a very good lesson.
many people believe that it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it.
there are many games and other types of games out on the internet.
imagine how angry the parents of the child would be.
i believe that this quote concluded the story because it ashamed a tone and feeling of hope.
dear newspaper, you have a computer?
the main idea here is that all books that are in the library should stay in the library.
but, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people.
some movies even show people having sex.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit has a great effect on the main character in the story.
i agree with the statement of in some degree.
lastly, i will talk about how you could do homework.
no one is making you watch or read any of that.
others might think of it as being rebellious or conspiracy.
as well as using the the online book instead taking it home.
music is the same way.
to late it already has.
how unhealthy it is, to many people.
she is on her way home from her drivers test, which she just failed, and on the way she sports a hibiscus in a flower shop.
to begin, computers help you learn new things.
or you can find out facts.
these words and actions we try to censor are not going away.
that mood was replaced by short, moving hills.
this shows the author is grateful for his parents showing him to love cooking.
i think it would be fair to put a restriction on books, about age limits.
computers change all that.
the computer also has various pictures which is also good.
so when she sees the geese, and this symbolizes change.
what if somebody thought what you liked was inappropriate?
dear fellow citizens, think if you had to get a book for every question you had.
how can you stop your children or the younger generation from watching these things?
when the geese return back north, it is to show that they are ready to start over again or to try again.
some people games and play.
our school library is having books which i like very much.
lastly, i think the mood set by the author was happiness because had a lot of her family or close friends living either above or below them.
this was very special to me and could not have been done without computers.
lastly, a computer is another resort to go to when trying to accomplish something, because there is always something on the internet that will help you.
they let people talk online.
if they have a complaint then they should just keep it to themselves and not ruin the chance for others to check them out.
almost everyone has one that they use.
with the magazines, some argue that children will be exposed to suggestive material sometime, so why not now?
constant vigilance is the price of democracy.
computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society.
the setting could have killed him if it was not for the fish camp.
in magazines; it depends on the type of magazine the consumer is reading.
babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking.
however, the novels that i have read are not always novels i have chosen for my personal gain.
after the third day of reading this book, we all sat down like usual ready to finish the book.
did you know what they are over one million of these kinds of websites?
since are than our cable provider, we were able to look up.
they can the wanted with one click.
so therefore he knew he was in trouble.
though he was in a ghost town.
i remember when my friend was over and i was on a computer.
the cyclist found a deserted building, he lost more and more hope.
lastly, i think that the computer offers no physical gain, this nation is in a severe heath crisis.
then he went to south africa.
that can easily offend a person, but those are brilliant pieces of work.
he does grate in school too.
in movies, books, and music, this is a form of expression.
i chose this mood because in the memoir he describes how nice it was to live in a town where people cared for him.
that quote showed me how satisfied with how his life is now and how much the author is appreciative for what his parents did for him.
that certainly does not benefit society.
this makes the ride seem larges so it also makes it harder to ride.
libraries do you go to libraries?
there are just way too many people that get offended while reading the books they want to read.
i know your thinking that computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun over anything else and i hoped this helped you realized that.
computers have helped us write essays more efficiently & complete research assignments.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
computers keep photos saved that can be edited and even just saved to be admired.
however, some movies are okay for some people and their age.
nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world!
but we always want to know about their welfare.
to the vast emptiness of the area in which he was traveling he could not stop somewhere to ask for help or to take a rest.
electricity helps to light up the streets at night.
get this need of life, invest in a computer!
newspapers give us information about our country.
that situation could go both ways though.
what my family believes not be what other families believe in.
music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands.
all of us have our likes and dislikes.
the author says vowed to express positive connotation in the paragraph.
computers have a positive effect on people.
i should be free to go to the movie store and find and rent any movie a choose from the shelf.
not everyone likes the same books but every book in a library is there for a reason.
believe it or not, using a computers is unhealthy, and not beneficial, in more than one way.
thanks for your time on reading why i think computers are a big problem here in the .
if so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability.
also along his journey the cyclist encounters hills.
if you get it from a it might not have what you are looking for your project.
she had lost a lot of hope with the big move to another country.
everyone will just keep protecting these companies to get what they want to satisfy the craving for more computers.
of hope to ???
there will be movies and material specifically designed for a mature an older age group.
back to the point if people thinks a book is offensive to them then they don' need to pick it up!
the hibiscus reminds her of home because at her home there are similar plants.
if you keep complaining there will be numerous amounts of complaints right back at you.
we must always practice good habits because they are essential to living in society.
having family all around you.
so when he tries to memorize a part of the , he cannot retain what he has been reading.
we cannot take away our aspiration to learn more about the world.
censorship is kind of out of the way.
communication has evolved so much in the past years.
can books, music, movies, and other materials be perfect for everyone?
having a or allows you to do a video chat with someone.
it will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about.
they are teaching us something.
yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc, should be voted upon the citizens to be removed from shelves.
did you know people can loose weight by exercising?
everyone will have very good points on either using, or not using censorship in the library.
we all at some point have seen or learned of naughty magazines like playboy.
the cyclist knows the dangers of the setting around him.
last but not least he is happy because he lives with everyone he loves.
the reviews that the other callers had made sort of disturbed me.
my conclusion is that they should not censor material because it offends someone.
i disagree with this statement.
we remove material from our shelves at a risk to ourselves as individuals and as a society as a whole.
just one computer can enlighten you with so much.
some people believe removing items at a library should be allowed, but i strongly disagree.
lastly, humans' health is being affected drastically by the use or computers.
would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen?
it is very caring of them because when they moved to not only did they look after their baby, but other people that needed help as well.
argue that the glass is half empty while others argue it is half full.'
they cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly!
it was extremely not out in the setting he was in.
it is important that people are aware of what their children are seeing.
the parents were determined to make it to the united states because that was hard to do.
for example, if you have something really big to say to someone you might want to write on email.
in fact, a study done by the board of ed.
the setting also affected him by draining his confidence and making him seek out water.
if we start restricting that freedom, what are we then?
we should be grateful for friendships.
speech about:   parents are the visible god
i wish everyone a merry christmas.
there are many books that are offensive to people.
so far, all of the towns have been deserted.
it is the most efficient way to talk to friends.
is a good place to get computers so is &t.
so in theory, libraries should not have to take their materials off of their shelves just to satisfy parents.
ears and two beads for his eyes.
furthermore, people are wasting their important attention.
over all, books are a good thing.
then the snow will melt and geese return and this hibiscus is budding, then i will return to take the test again.
i personally concern with these people, computers have a positive effect on people.
you will know that computers are good for our society!
he reacted to the features of this setting with humor and hope.
he was hot, sweaty and thirsty.
the features of the setting have a major affect on the cyclist.
should this movie be taken of the shelves because it does use alcohol and drugs?
floods also bring out the worst in men to the fore.
so why would you remove valuable information.
talking to real people is important, but cant be done all the time!
they could play a variety of games.
sometimes we relate to them or in my case art such as music is what makes me feel better when i am hurt.
it is a word that can ban music from stores, books from shelves, and movies from theaters.
when all hope is seemingly lost, he finally comes across water, and his unique (but very important) lesson is learned.
you can tell, thanks to the computer we talk more to his parents than he used to!
from their she was taken to and held from ransom.
the clown in a circus show plays an important role.
the next time it blooms the girl will be ready for the test and will take it again and will pass.
a conducting experiment that are rigged.
i would like to thank you for your time.
now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people.
can we live without the computer?
you not want kids or others to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming.
since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the .
have the right to freedom of speech.
when the hibiscus will budding she will take the test again.
an then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
is it really that big of a deal for kids to see some bad things in books?
the slave trade is a major part in history that helped shape the country it is today.
i understand that leaving these types of books out for children to read could cause a problem, but libraries are usually set up in sections.
this be one of the biggest causes of obesity in !
this is what i think the mood of the article is about in the memoir.
all teaching them is how to kill people or animals, or do dangerous things were they would hurt themselves.
they suggest another reading, or offer other ideas, but to go as far as getting the book completely removed is not right.
i, however, do not believe that these things should be removed.
children learn by watching and observing.
their mother keeps on shouting with them.
this will be used through out people lives.
it will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end.
i have not found one thing in our library offensive to me.
the books could be a school assignment.
it also helps you connect with old school friends and relatives that are far away.
if you removed everything that offended anyone, it would be harder to teach younger generations to decided what is right and wrong by themselves.
among all other ties, friendship brings immense joy to our life.
he should devote time to every subject.
this is how the setting affected him.
no one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games.
another danger computers have, is anything posted on the internet can be accessed by almost anyone.
well, here is what i think of certain books or anything else that contains reading that are being taking off the shelves.
some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time.
here are my reasons on the effect on computers.
the first reason why computers are bad because cause addition to your child.
do i think that books, movies, music or magazines should be removed from the library?
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
they can stick through it together.
you can also customize your computer to your liking.
this essay proposed solutions to this problem without taking the public reading right away from everyone
if libraries censored books better, then children and teens not be reading things not age appropriate to them.
second, we can learn about faraway places.
it brings a very warm feeling about you.
we depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few.
and the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff.
this is what could happen if people are using them.
show that you don' like, don' watch it.
computers allow you to go on game sites, watch videos or movies or play on online game on just a regular game.
little kids see stuff that their peers are doing and want to be just like them so they do the same stuff.
computers are an important communication technology.
basically she did as the geese by lifting her head watching as their distinctive v was etched against the evening sky, slowly facing into the distance.
it seems that the time of research is diminishing.
when parents send or take their children to a library, they do not expect their child to be able to pick up something that is not appropriate.
some parents use the computer as a way to keep their kids quite, instead of taking the time to go outside.
but that can be changed easily by limiting kids, see who they talk to and get them in a sport.
with each passing day, computers help advance the future and help make the world a better place.
he describes in good detail all the sacrifices his parents made for him.
her mother has a garden, and she relates to it in that she has a different past, preferring natural foods like bitter melons over .
so now lets get to the movies that are playing in some of these shows.
they should be able to go in a place and buy something that they want to watch and not get questioned about it.
it is a great thing to have some people say but others think it is a hazard to health.
not seeing anyone was probably extremely discouraging, so the setting really affected him.
some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager.
i know that as a student of , other students and i need to type our homework at least three times a week!
in my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people.
another health risk is having bad eyes.
we are miles away from our friends and relatives.
after passing this road he approaches a picture of a boy drinking juice that is posted on a juice factory.
for example, there is .
secondly, i want you to close your eyes.
another example is mail sent to different countries.
once again computers have played a part in this too.
some of you ask, ' about at school?'
some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate.
in the follow paragraphs i will continue to support more of my answer.
another thing that has been a problem is magazines.
therefore it is their responsibility to put books into the library and take books out.
because you can get it on the go.
computers have positive affects in this way.
even though i think everyone should have the freedom to read, watch, listen, and hear about what they want.
i believe that everyone should have the option of finding the book or movie of their choice.
the features of the setting had greatly impacted the cyclist.
do you use it every day?
a very great author said that children should not be exposed to adult content in the media.
so we decided to go to the zoo.
new technology such as computers, can help us with that skill, we should use it.
computers take away peoples' free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness.
people think that friends and family important and should stay with them every and a while.
the computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an society.
the mood created in this article is a joyful mood.
they need to get outside get some exercise.
so these one some of the main reasons why i say that the computer is not always a good because people spend a much time on them.
you think the author needed to address a certain point more than he or she did.
and hope they would do the same for you.
without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done.
kid just sit at home & play computer games such as sims & video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them.
were teens go online and go live on a webcam were anyone can watch them.
jim also get his freedom with finn’s help.
one of the books we had to find was the .
the cyclist is in the worst mental state in this place.
if you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles.
i believe we should still use computers.
you probably used a computer.
he had to deal with a diamond back.
each person should be able to make a decision depending on what they believe.
people know what they want.
men in their sunday best and women and children in all colors of rainbow added to the dreamland atmosphere.
now that hes drinking more water his running out of it faster and wanting more and more of it.
is very grateful for everything his parents have ever done for him and he loves them with all his heart.
awarded by the president .
people from ages of school kids, to adults who have a job so highly appreciated as a chemist, use computers!
i believe that computers benefit society.
you could pick up an educational video that talks about animals that most everyone could watch.
that is how computers are good.
internet helps people make the world a safer place.
sitting in your room, bored?
what one person might not like the next person might love.
now, we can learn about anything we want, talk with people on the other side of the world, and even advance in other areas of technology.
i think that they should have to be of age to get the books in that section.
also, what you are in a band or a group, and need to contact them while you are out of town?
if they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child.
computers can be very helpful, when trying to find information on a topic, but some people take it too far.
second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework.
computers play a large part in the of the world.
my family has gone to many different areas around the world.
some reasons why i think this are school work and business stuff.
she was talking about the flowers smell compares to her grand mothers shell, it was the same.
i believe that offensive materials and other stuff should stay on the shelves of library.
using my own observations, reading, and my own experience i will prove to you that we need those books on our shelves.
also dreams can some true for people that never have the chance to follow .
most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people.
the sun is boiling down & water is running low.
i think the mood that is created by the author in this memoir is cheerful and welcoming.
during the rainy season flower plants grow rapidly.
the features of the setting in, rough road ahead affect the cyclist.
i think library censorship is not a good idea.
censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems.
it is hard to believe that we ever had a peaceful day without any violence.
finally, it would not matter to me if i got ten books or movies from the library i would not care.
this shows the hospitality of the neighborhood and how caring it was.
friends more and go away but you can always chat it you need them.
some people go to the library just to see them kind of books.
computers let us look up valuable info.
but, she begins to realize that not everything has changed, same things are still familiar.
reading information like this, creates a move advanced society.
books are now viewed with skepticism and once harmless movies and magazines are full of material no one should be reading or watching.
they can bring people together.
artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with or .
books on the other hand are similar.
but, now she is moving away from her beloved home and it makes her sad.
i have a number of cousins in who i only talk to if i go to visit which is very rare.
, , click, clack that the sound computer keys being hit right now.
he told us he learned to love.
of the people in school say their addicted to the computer, and of the people in community say their addicted to the computer too.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
the setting also made the cyclist thirsty because of the extreme heat.
she wants her students to be tidy and well disciplined.
he called it a substance it had a flavor of battery acid.
in conclusion, computers are a necessity to our living.
i think that learning how to type is an excellent thing.
also, you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them.
letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right, plain and simple.
i loved to listen to music from artists like , , , , , , and so on.
the features of the setting really affected the cyclist.
people should not have the complete say in the removal of books.
there is no problem if you go on for an hour a day maybe more, but to long is not good.
that is a simple aspect of logic that with time comes chase.
i do think that some materials should be banned from people under age, some from kids, and some from everyone.
sale of ice creams and soft drinks becomes a regular feature during scorching summers.
in all libraries you are offered a choice on which book you would like to choose.
what if someone of a different religion found it highly offensive?
computers have a negative effect on people and i say we should find a way to cut down computer time.
i often borrow books from my friends and my school library.
she was disappointed in failing the test so she took comfort in memories of her homeland.
so next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard of the bookshelf!
another health risk is obesity.
why would you choose the computer?
first, if we took away all the offensive materials off the shelves they would be empty.
computers not only let students write reports; they also allows them to save them for future uses.
she was lazy and never wanted to exercise.
computers can help you so much if you need an answer.
here the snow is symbolic to the sorrow she has been facing because she left home.
looking for some place to enjoy nature & it.
sometimes the biggest land animal, the elephant to runs away from it.
have fun, but be careful
families separated by thousands of miles now have the ability to email, chat or even video chat with far away relatives and friends.
second, it helps us connect with, and meet new friend.
online there is much more which often break up friendship.
should we not be able to borrow or rent this movies?
being able to play games, store thing, and chat with other people is pretty amazing.
read on and i am sure you will agree.
you can use a computer to look up what ever you want to look for example: the teacher ask to look up a giraffe.
and a lot has to do with the kidnapping.
books console us in our sorrows.
and with out them knowing their book contained it and they read it, they would be greatly offended and very upset.
when adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors being naughty on television, it makes it seem right.
dear , computers tend to have more negative effects on people, rather than positive.
the hope he got from this gave him strength to move on.
the author is trying to get their message across about how much a family is bonded together and how much there is to be thankful for.
the hibiscus is a reminder to hers of starting a new and adapting to society.
that book is public property.
it would also help them on their reports.
this comes with one exception: parents and children.
to the narrator with his dwindling water supply, this billboard was especially daunting to him on his journey.
books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas.
if they decide to take books off the shelves, why not just have an adult section in the library?
everyone should retain their right to read what they would like to.
our country has problems with being overweight.
they do not have to take it out on certain authors just because they did not enjoy what other people might.
people say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives.
computers help us to find information we needed.
censorship, given by the parents or guardians, is the best way to view censorship.
in many cases censorship is a great thing.
he made an attempt to get the water from the pumps and it was hot and tested like battery acid.
they just try to make the day harder on you and all you have to do is ignore them or report it and hopefully it is taken care of
also if we can make something like computers imagine all the other possibilities of technology advancements.
because ever book in there is going to hurt some if u made them read it.
some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them.
having friends so close by you can really make every life great.
lastly, school was computers .
you could lose them with snap of you fingers by spending more time focused no the computer, rather than your friends and family.
to be continued, computers have a positive effect on people.
it’s popularity gives it immense power in molding public opinion.
my first reason is natural disasters.
in the story rough road ahead the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
but there is so man things that you can do online and on computers.
so next time anything else just think the other options.
they should have talked to the girl and said it was unfair to ask that when everybody reads it.
everyone has a different interest in the things that he or she likes.
now you are being asked to spread the word about how great computers are and how vital they are to ensuring a better future.
i use various and .
with reluctance she agreed and stayed at home.
in the library i have noticed that there are a few literature materials that are not suitable for a younger age group.
does computers have an effect on people?
if we see a book with a title that sounds like might be offensive, then we should just walk past .
obviously it was difficult for the author to adjust to her new country.
plants and replant them in the field.
there are way to many ways around having to take the books completely off the selves.
first, books can be used as monumental learning sources for kids, teenagers, and adults.
this can prevent many problems.
movies and music are a great way to kick back and relax after a long day, unless your kids are around.
dear , , some people do spend most of the day on the computers, but not everyone.
i am in grade at mystic middle school.
other books are not, some more than others.
she needs the motivation of her surroundings to push her.
that if you do something that make them feel better that would be really good to them.
in hibiscus by , the author choose the last paragraph because it matched the tone, the hope and the representation of the essay.
they could throw the music out.
authors have the right to put profane language in their books, and even dirty ideas.
it is one of the amendments in the ' of ', known as freedom of speech.
this communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future.
also it is a great way to play games.
in conclusion, this is how the features of the setting affects the cyclist.
this was a horrible action because the religion is an extremely interesting one and now many people will never know anything about it.
third, he describes his friends and family who visited often.
buy a whole , a couch, and even your groceries in only ten minutes.
if one mother thinks a book that talks about something she believes to be inappropriate to her children should be removed, another mother not.
nothing has stopped them from living life how they chose.
also, the beating sun affected him in a different way.
but his attitude changes as soon as he sees the store.
we watch movie to also relax and have a good laugh every once in a while.
last and furthermore is movies, where would we be without movies?
computers also give people the ability to easily learn about far away places, people, etc.
it all really depends on the reader.
computer seem helpful but of they are a great way to research for reasons.
sometimes what children read, they will say it or they will do it.
this is a amazing thing to be able to do.
they just need to have learning and for fun magazines.
are you worried you do not get enough exercise?
its your choice decide.
the public is open for anybody to read a book.
are they blaming it on computers?
it would also be braking the law, because it would not be giving the artist their freedom of speech.
computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job.
my last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running.
that does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though.
this affected him because it slowed him down, i know this because in the story it said rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit.
that is why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
lack was not a factor in this story.
these are all good examples of why computers have a positive impact on the human race.
i hope that you will take these reasons to heart.
and i would like to let you know what i think about the whole situation.
he is very helpful to all.
another reason for why computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online.
one thing is the water.
they could us that money and buy better books and at a lower price.
dear readers' the local newspaper, i am almost certain you interact daily with computer.
researching topics is not the only way to get false information.
i got up and got all the materials and sit back down.
this is not a good idea for spending the holidays.
all my friends were also invited.i was very happy to see them.
the terrain begins to feel like more of a hill, which makes the struggle even worse.
to me, computers are helpful, yet extremely vile.
he takes pains to explain the lessons.
if you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in.
even at his first ghost town he just chuckled, checked my water supply, and moved on.
the author says, almost reluctantly, she realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become familiar.
imagination can scare people.
another thing is that the library has certain book for a reason.
that means you could use it for your home work if you need help.
prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and cam impact lives in a bad way.
so please read this carefully and i hope what i have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things.
there are many things that can happen in magazines like porn.
people can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them.
in , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require.
the computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history.
you learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town.
not only do the alternatives that i stated before keep people safe, they also practice a healthier way of living.
i love saving time, and computers help me do that.
i do believe we are lucky to have this freedom of opinion and speech.
to wrap up his memoir he mentions that he will never forget how his parents turned a simple house into a home.
instead, libraries should be divided into sections based on topics.
we have different varieties of rose and orchids in our garden.
because you have to start your whole life over so you can get a job and provide for your family.
i understand the fact that some people take things offensively.
she wont give up but try again later on in the year.
if i had a library i would sell just about anything i could.
well when you go into a library, you can not get a book if you are under age.
that when i have issues seeing where they think they have the right.
you are exercising your fingers.
just picture lazy, obese.
it could maybe mean that you want to learn about it so you can understand it more.
because she reason is.
it also can help children with school homework.
you could do by a click of a button.
those are some examples on how they create the mood.
computers are used from leaning or for fun.
people take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt.
another element of the setting that affected the cyclist was the terrain.
there is beautiful nature outside.
in my opinion computers do not have a good effect.
i also think it good research to browse people.
that is why i think computers are a great exercise for your well being and personality.
if they have a problem with what their children are reading, then they should deal with that personally.
my father is favorite is the financial deal.
that is just what i thank.
if i was a parent i would be concerned myself.
children read for many reasons, like to expand there minds and to enter a world where the book takes place.
computer link the world together and greatly advance communication positively.
going on picnics, taking long walks, reading useful books are good leisure time activities.
now-a-days we do not come across a snake charmer so often in delhi.
computers have a positive effect on people.
the most popular right now is .
the situation is different for each person.
it is obvious that more & more people are having problems with eyes everyday.
did you know that computers are the number selling electronic device in the world?
so the past no longer haunts them.
who had the right to tell me i could read?
i have known that i wanted to be a lawyer since i was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals.
even if bad books or magazines are on the shelve, children have the choice to pick them up.
exercise, hike, swim and bike.
now you know that computers make life efficient.
this computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue.
she appears to think she is misunderstood an no one likes her, but just as the plant will adapt to this new life so will she.
to explain the offensive, and the none offensive books that are out there.
everyone has their own personal opinion on what they think is offensive.
they have to stay within their appropriate rated material selection.
i hope you are for the mind, tips and family.
we are all different, and interpret things in different ways.
i i do.
over all i think the mood is happy.
they begin wearing shorter skirts, dieting, and tanning all because of an ad they saw in their magazine.
the scorching dessert and plant life gives him a sense of seclusion and scares him.
how much could ?
but it didn’t seem of many challenges to the man in front.
on a computer you can do many things to never get bored.
the cyclist mood seems to change as the road and setting does.
i think that it would really suck and tons would agree with me.
therefore the market place is an important centre in the town.
this topic is just too abstract to be regulated.
being hot in , it has cyclist is around deserts, causing more heat.
the success of democracy largely depends on its power to produce the right type of leadership.
keep playing the some music.
the author creates many moods in the story.
dear , computers have helped us in many ways.
the internet allows a more elaborate final draft.
in the end, he turned out satisfied as the setting seemed more hopeful.
you might need it for typing a paper for school or work, and you can use the internet.
the sex, drugs, and violence used to create a story, have destroyed the minds of our youth.
censoring does not always allow the author to thoroughly convey his or her ideas as they were originally intended to.
we are all special; and we all think differently.
i would like for you to appreciate my concern on how society should have computers.
what you can find online still amazes me.
books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by parents.
most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you.
like if you have to do research on a certain project or subject the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need.
this provides us of offensive material back in the old days.
but not the kind i was used to.
although these are all underlying problems in the censorship system, it seems to all lead back to the parents.
when the reminders of home come and give her strength, she will have the power to take the test.
these encounters create an interesting meal.
for example, my neighbor, , comes home after school by herself.
these books, magazines, and movies are not good for anybody and should not be anywhere near libraries.
these are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
people try and do the littlest things, and they try and make a difference in the world.
whenever there is a test coming up, my teacher, would have links on her go to help use study.
this adds to the cyclist thirst and dehydration.
he is an obedient boy.
which is good because you can use them at your own convince.
horse or the mule is yet another animal who helps mankind in more than one way.
no matter what the book talks about a student can learn from that book.
obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the and it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day!
this can be viewed as metaphorical also.
you get most of your vitamins.
i, for one, do not approve.
doing such the phone would be very expensive.
from my point of view, computers don' benefit society.
i agree with removing certain materials that contain offensive things, from all libraries.
computers are positive because of the new technology!
the she means that she is determined to live up to her past, and get through it.
many people have been very thankful for this system.
everyone has the right to these materials.
in the end, i think computers benefit people around the world.
many people fear once we start removing certain books from libraries, more and more books will be taken from the public until almost all our libraries are empty.
people are not less active.
yes computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you you things while you are getting fit.
in conclusion, the cyclist, in the end, found a little store by all the determination and effort he put in.
computers have severely cut down on the admiration of nature.
confidence was a factory for the beautiful weather as well as he knew a short cut.
the opposite situation for books: we have them now, but when they are taken, we will want them even more.
i probably enjoyed that book more than i have any other book that i have ever read in my entire life.
in a situation like this, computers became essential to everyone.
i think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising.
why get rid of you'r history?
the purpose of the music is not to bring the attention of offensive material to the listeners.
he also creates a mood of having no where to turn when it came to his parents getting jobs in the united states.
that is called being selfless.
maybe you read books, go to school or even watch .
to like or hate what ever is on the shelves.
by banning a book in a school library, a parent is also keeping their child from thinking what they do not want them to think.
people will be amazed.
we should have them every day.
the answer to this problem is strict censorship.
he should attend school regularly.
have the internet and computers you can know about what you want when you type in the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo.
you can also feel lighter and better about yourself, you will be more active.
has brought them closer together and made them better friends.
the positive effect makes the cyclist healthy and safe once again.
so a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat the computer will write the project neatly.
whether that means faster internet better, researching book or more websites, a computer has it all.
it is understood that there is both bad and good in the world, and pulling materials from the shelves of libraries will not change that.
when a student forgets the homework, they can just go on their teachers online page and check what he assignment was for that night.
this young girl, once pure and simple, now knew things no one at that age should know.
a doctor’s life is hard.
because shes learning more about it + will be ready for the test next spring.
all you have to do is search online and you could find a picture of your front yard.
i believe that only by reading the literature on past situations and struggles can you avoid or overcome struggles you face or will face in your lifetime
of kids are overweight and that is unhealthy.
forgot to write down your homework?
no i do not think that books and other materials should be taken off the shelves of a library if someone thinks its offensive.
some enjoy things that others not.
they should take them off because they can teach young children the wrong things.
when plants bud they are born.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
in my school there are several students with special needs.
because more they age the more there going to know whats going on in life.
she went in the old cottage to find her father lying on the bed writing her.
should certain material found to be offensive be removed from the shelves of our library?
online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen.
friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is being grateful.
everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time.
his father worked in a laboratory and his mother studied chemical engineering.
street beggars are a common sight in big cities.
one for , child, family, activity, romance, etc.
that make me desire to read it even more than before.
no one should ever walk out a library with the feeling of being offended.
he had a positive attitude as it states with strong legs and a smile on my face.
also, he shows how members of the community treat each other as family regardless of race or ethnicity.
i told you why i thought they did and how.
you can have a job in the computer business.
first of all when a person goes to the library they should know that the books that are in there were selected by the owner of the library.
that right should remain with every single person, so they can decide whats right for them.
to go along with that, adults and children use the computer to type something on word if its for a report for work or an essay in school.
i believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you.
not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well.
the cyclist has a limited amount of water, and it was a very humid day for traveling.
you should always think things out before you take action, just to be safe.
there would be chaos and nobody would be able to live or even exist peacefully.
flying high, i can enjoy the fresh breeze and watch the beautiful sunset from the top.
write a letter!
they provide a wide arrow of games, educational can just plain fun.
you might , but maybe a neighbor, or even a relative, be offended by it and might read it.
the train stated.
computers can help you with as well.
people just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter.
computers are fun.
the point of a library is to carry items which will benefit the public.
this feeling is without words.
by using computers rather than interacting with them, you are the connections you have.
i have to earn to get a new phone or a laptop.
it is something that adds to the song or movie.
there are no friendships or communication with other countries.
books can be a way of learning how to deal with thing in a better way.
thank you for your time.
even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past.
this is why i think that people are spending ton much time on computers.
it is your choice in what you want to read, listen to, or watch.
games keep us physically fit.
at least when you research using a book or encyclopedia, you can trust those sources.
all you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up.
the road made traveling even harder to do and caused the cyclist to have a very rough time.
a while it will eventually take a toll on the body.
now that you have read my reasons, i hope you like them.
true, there are books out there that are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people.
so when taking a younger child ta a library go in with and walk with them.
some people might not like action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of those movies.
authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, people make movies and magazines for a reason.
last he proposed.
just be safe in doing it.
i let them tell me what they think would look better or would give more points.
he tells how people always came over to house for dinner and there were many celebrations.
everyone has a right to discover the thoughts of others as long as they keep in mind they not always be pleased with the outcome.
some people have trouble talking to people in person and more comfortable chatting over the computer.
pride, determination, relief all are things that the cyclist felt during his long bike ride.
luckily, i was able to go on the card catalog on the computer and find many books on my topic, just by typing the keyword!
these different optical affected his mood and how determined he was.
thank you for reading my opinion.
some movies have sexual content that our youth should not see.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
next he rides past a rough road ahead sign; not the most encouraging thing on his journey.
people just need to learn to get over the fact that many offensive things are found in many different reading materials.
computers are the next best thing since sliced bread.
but shell be a different person also.
in conclusion, no, i do not think libraries should be censored.
changing the offensive language in this book would totally ruin it.
libraries should have books that will help you increase your vocabulary as well as educate you.
finally computers help use get information.
when one conceals information, that person is stealing the right of knowledge.
first of all computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
back then before computers if you wanted to talk to your friend you would have had to send a letter.
i think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways.
my favorite part about the computer are applications like , , , and so many more.
without computers you would not have and places online that give you directions.
this can be causes by lack of exercise and inactivity.
to whom it concern, censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries.
we need to take a closer look and really examine what needs to be taken off the shelves.
this taught him a lesson that family can matter more then money.
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right.
computer are a great tool for humans to use for business, education, and leisure.
those four hours could be spent with their families.
he often invites his patrons and donors to visit the home.
i personally think as a person who attends the library often, that things being taken away cause uproar in different ways.
with the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence.
(this is )
but the amount that it occurs in your daily life will be directly affected by how much of your freedom you are willing to stand up for.
i believe that censoring books in a library could be both good and bad.
is censorship in libraries a problem or a right?
for example, the river tempted the cyclist to stop riding and go get a drink of water.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
she said i needed parent consent before i was able to check it out.
what would happen to her if the series ' ' were banned from schools?
the sun rays also add to the heat the cyclist feels.
well, as some find out it is everything but that.
the books that were found offensive should not be read at all.
statistics show that of people that listened to the radio were in cars.
they just give us what we need and want.
working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs!
computer source found of in , and.
besides education computers touch upon our economy as well.
computers have great positive effects for everyone.
we need water for drinking and bathing, for cooking food and washing clothes and utensils.
also, you must have a membership to that department.
he began to ride again.
in that part i can tell that she is already starting to change.
people must be able to communicate as well people do not communicate with each other.
no more driving to libraries, or going out and buying games.
this strain only lead to unpleasant things.
, i believe that we should tell the people of about the dangers of using computers too much.
we have a small market near our house it is our local market.
dear local , do you feel about computers?
the hot sun beating down on him makes him sweat and makes him thirsty.
the era of when the book takes place is also a key factor.
now would you want that?
computers allow you to interact with them with webcams.
if you think a book or movie is offensive then you have that right to not watch or read it.
this means you should learn haw to type faster.
you the work on the computer.
also they have the ability learn more on the computer.
the features of the setting have a great affect on the desperate travels of the weary cyclist.
months went by before i realized and i were great friends.
where would the world be today, if we believed the same way we did years ago about these very topics?
in conclusion, i think computer negative effect on.
thank you for your time.
so all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends your family.
the area he was biking through had barely any people.
then he got into a happier mood by telling how his parent and family were good to him.
to one it seem like all they do is seat themselves in a pull a few levers, and push a few buttons.
i believe that children are the easiest people to influence.
furthermore, children also have access to the public library.
censoring that book would basically tell the population that they are wrong.
first, i think that computers can sometimes make you smarter.
i know that kids still have a way of owning magazines like that but they are a small percentage of the kids.
its imperative that the community takes action to stop this from happening.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
this shows that he has a genuine appreciation for what they did.
next reason is makes life better.
and sold in stores for adults that are twenty one and older.
when a parent believes the child is ready to explore the adult section, they are free to take their kid there.
a poll was token and shows that of students at school who use the computer to look up information get faster and more accurate results!
that is why the author ended this way.
i strongly agree that we should have only two hours of the computer each night or have no computers at all.
i remember meeting the girl.
there are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection.
i think that computers have a positive affect on people.
the mood in this memoir is gratefulness.
i just made more friends when i moved.
further more, computers cut into quality time with friends and family.
is fun, you play games, go on internet, watch videos, and check your mail.
this is why chatting is the best setting.
it does this by having the author point out how little his house was, and how his parents did everything they could to give them a better life.
in conclusion, the features of the setting affect the cyclist physically and mentally.
at first the cyclist had seemed really confident and excited about his journey.
in this story the setting affects the characters dramatically.
if they offend you then do not read them.
when students sit down to type their papers they also, many times, have another at the same time.
that is how the cyclist is affected by his setting, and despair is turned to hope.
in more general terms, the grants freedom of expression.
the more smart you become overall.
he wanted to take me along.
parents' kids should simply not read these books.
it reminded me of an amusing incident relating to a parcel that never reached.
a postman’s duty is to deliver the letters, parcels, money orders etc.
many people thought is was right.
i love all of his books but these ones are the best.
books that some people like are found offensive by others.
those websites could help a lot in our education.
i think censorship in a library from certain things is a good option in cleaning up a mind poisoning mess
if the prompt does happen to be including foreign countries, then i think humans do not have the right to influence what other people read.
i cried the first day he moved.
if a child happen to see cursing in a magazine at the library and their parents got mad that was in the magazine.
did you want to hear your favorite bands new album?
there are even systems now that let you say something and will appear on the screen.
school work is a very important thing in teenagers lives, and i feel that when they are in school they should stay focused on schoolwork and activities.
without having to lock down at the keyboard.
old people, he thought he was getting a good shortcut.
but if the state had not allowed these books to be taken off of the shelves then we would not have had this problem.
also in this memoir the mood is shown by gratefulness by the line, i will always be grateful to my parents.
people eventually will not be able to use libraries.
i would say that i am a very healthy person.
if so then get up and go have fun!
imagine you are a mother with a young child who decided to wonder through the library.
so hes not going anywhere in a hurry.
when a librarian takes a book off of that shelf, an opportunity is forever gone.
buy things without having to go to the store.
this then ends my essay.
for this reason, these offensive materials should be removed from libraries.
this is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place.
there are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world.
libraries should not have to remove books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
the rough road made have to work harder want more water and just made things tougher more than what they already were.
the school building was white was whitewashed.
dear , i am writing to you to inform you that i agree with the followings said on the writing prompt.
these are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers.
even walking home from school with a friend is a good way to be outside.
that is why some material should not be taken away.
but when they got to go home they could be comforted by their family and friends.
we saw kangaroos, elephants, stags, deer and ‘neelgai’ etc.
people want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world.
the heat has a major part of his dehydration during the bike ride.
we live off of knowledge.
then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you.
just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer with all the detail you need and more.
but most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done.
her physical health was in danger because of her dehydration and her lack of energy.
one highly controversial topic is race, and if the book is not informing us about a historical event, it should be removed.
also you can socialize as well as study with this device.
i also think that no one person should have the right to decide what books are too offensive for me to read.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful and fortunate.
most children will look at these books and think that the books are to big to read, so they would not even look at them.
for example, the author states looked the majority of the pavement in front of me and ceased past tilling to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
so as you can see, computers benefit society because you can learn all types of things online.
and if you yourself can picture being in his situation, then you can imagine how discouraging and almost frightening that must be.
that is how he or she expresses themselves through their writing!
there are materials in libraries that are found to be offensive to some people.
besides, who is to say what is right for everyone?
your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them.
this also shows he was happy because he was spending time with so many family members and friends.
however, work is a really large effect computers have on people.
censorship in libraries are not a good thing.
for instance today my class & i are going to the to look up info on seat belts on buses.
some of the most loving families are not related.
reading books on philosophy, religion, anthropology, world history and literature is my last liking.
dear , you think people should stop going on the computer?
so now you now where i stand on the issue of computers.
my third reason would be buying and selling products.
there are more bad things in them then in books or music.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on people.
the author choose to end the story with that paragraph for emotional meanings.
i know that a ton of people are going to disagree with me when they read this but, i think technology is ruining some peoples lives.
how many humans inhabit the world today?
while the cyclist was riding it was very hot.
an example of would be for a sixteen year old boy.
we would have to read so many books to get the information.
also, like i mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you.
she would most likely need to go to the internet .
, that last paragraph shows that she has emotion.
this is how i feel about this subject.
now i will write one paragraph about each.
people should be able to read what they want to read when and where they want to read it.
after the , looked again, but now was sad.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many way.
you can even see pictures.
a word is simply a word.
many critic and saying not many people interact with family and friends.
there is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law.
if i find something offensive i try not to pay attention to it.
but i know that i was traumatized.
this is the case in anything for example movies, books, and daily life.
i believe every author has his or her right to express ones self and to be accepted for that.
computers also, give people the ability to see, understand, and gives information about people across the world.
or they could play educational games.
parents need to do a better job teaching their children about what they can and should look at, read, or listen too.
it part of life though.
they had to face racism.
you can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them too.
but when they read a book about a kid there age getting kidnapped they understand more clearly on the whys in life.
but my favorite game is the hedgehog.
behind some movies or books there is are violence and bad scenes.
in that case, libraries need to crack down on this issue and remove offensive books from the shelves!
so i decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again.
however, noticing your kid being on the computer is not a good thing.
the bad part about censorship is that it can offend people very easily.
they can teach people many things.
computers are good for everyone in this world.
for example, flat roads was replaced by short, riding hills as the terrain was changing, so was his attitude.
young adults spend hours on websites like , , and communicating with their friends.
it that his parents sacrificed for him.
so if you!
racism, abortion, abuse, unwinding your children, what ever the case be, some people will support and some will not.
also, you can learn about many things on and how its changing.
computers are making our lives easier day by day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future.
i usually do that so i know when a good is to an in the to buy what i want.
what are the children of the world being taught?
sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it.
she became familiar with her surroundings.
another thing is would always praise his parents throughout the whole story.
the concluding paragraph to the story winter hibiscus gives a sense of hope for the future.
computers are greatly necessary for people to communicate and enable people to make plans with simply and effectively.
the cyclist became dehydrated because of not only a lack of water, but also the scorching heat of the desert.
i would say to them that, its not the book.
just because a book talks about the and dying be a little inappropriate for some age groups but not for teenagers and adults.
today is the day!
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
a computer can store what you learn too.
the kids chose to read the book in the first place, so it would be their own doing if their life changed.
its almost like rewriting history.
with computer you can now send a letter faster then before.
plus, websites and some applications are dangerous.
it helps learn, communicate, and most of all do the important things that we need.
() reason why i think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because can help you in many things that you need help on.
these news engines keep people updates on major news events.
he says sometimes life can be so cruel as he notices the speed limit to be , but he continues on, pedaling hard.
lastly, computers are a way of contacting others.
some of these things cause conflict.
the outside world.
by the spring time she would have learned enough and experienced enough to try to pass the test again.
after that he starts to ride through the desert when a huge snake gets in his way and scares him even more.
he finally found hope.
there are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries.
all people have freedom of speech in the and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right.
why is that good well my point of view is that business need that to order their stocks for store carriers and more.
one , , and i were all going to work on our project.
thank you for reading this article.
did you ever turned on your .
or endless canyons needs to enjoy nature more, computer should not be in their way.
computers encourage kids not to study or do homework.
there are sections for young adults, mature adults, children, non fiction, fiction, science fiction, and so on.
so please help me fight to put more people outside and make people more active, sounds like a pretty good cause huh?
in my opinion, the act of removing books from a library says just that.
we see many types of offensive material every day.
people should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain.
they could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry.
my mother blessed me.
in the following paragraphs i will explain on reasoning.
people need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day.
certain books provide an escape for some teens, and even help them to confront or deal with problems in their own lives.
some middle school through college & the rest of you life need to use computers.
even when i was young, we were taught no cussing aloud, and yet you see this all the time in books.
should not be totally removed from a public library.
it helps you at your hand movements.
there are many different kinds of books in the library.
in the the people are given many rights that are often taken for granted.
these are some features of the setting that affect the cyclist by making his trip harder.
it is also a good in source because in school if your working on this big project a computer can help you do it.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
we all must understand that although we all have differences in our beliefs, we must prevent censorship and accept all.
my friends say that computers are one the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments.
by going on one of the search engines they would find that in they could go to the zoo.
why i think we should have computers.
our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard.
in the story it says that she failed her test and then she bought a plant that reminded her of her old life.
music is a great way to clear your mind and relax.
our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and i feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way.
a sense of relief came to him, like that shop was his safe haven.
also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself.
or, you can just have simple talk and are great websites to keep in touch with old friends of you, even make new friends.
i feel that these things should be taken out of libraries if they are offensive to some people.
children all around the world find themselves wandering through the library every day.
how could you go wrong?
the issue is people was to much time on computer.
finally, computers are great for learning a new language.
a rainbow is an arch or a bow of seven colours, that
if someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law.
i believe the author ended the story this way for many reasons.
the way i look at it as i see is that to much is bad so i think spending some time on it is good do you agree?
the determination to win and be the best even if it kills you.
i just do not think it is right for little kids to see that when there looking for a book or a book about their favorite animal.
children nowadays have it hard on themselves, why make it harder.
a reason why i think books that are found offensive should not be censored is because what seems offensive to one person, not be offensive to another.
when these people see you on the computer, kind of example does it set?
when does anyone even write about offending things lately anyway?
this is how the setting effects the cyclist.
the author has many moods in the memoir.
if our world was based off of the opinions of others and making everyone happy we would have music.
the terrain was also bumpy and rough to travel on.
kids are failing in school because they fail to do their home work after school.
i think that they should set standards on what they want to have and following those standards on books they buy.
will go down.
if you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on or other sites and find any song you want to hear.
mood that the memoir sets is the mood of family and friends.
computers are not worth your children at.
it is a very watchful bird.
i will be talking about, do think books, music, or even magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive.
this brings me to the last point.
that sentence indicates how much he loved his parents for doing that.
however a person without a laptop could be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people.
people should spend a lot less time on their computer.
lastly he describes all the memories and celebrations that helped shape his house from a living space into place of love and friendship.
you can share you want with people you barely see.
or they might just give up on it all.
water is used by us in our everyday life.
there are not a lot of songs in the world that do not involve language, drugs, or sexual content in it.
in every book of every library their is something that people most likely think should be censored.
the author talks about the love and respect everyone had for each other in that community.
my opinion is leave the books there and let people enjoy the books they like to read.
however, i believe that is not true.
people should be educated on the negative effects computers bring!
children being able to do this?
they can find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse.
censorship in libraries has become an ongoing debate.
this feeling of graciousness tells about the love and sacrifice he feels his parents went through for him.
take abortion into perspective.
if something is offensive it is a personal choice to think so, so why take if off the shelf when they just do not have read it?
we have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time.
i always talk to my friends online.
and that is schoolwork.
the mood was happiness and loving toward his two parents.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons i think that computers have a positive affect on us.
by her saying this and talking about how she failed her driving test come spring she can change.
the computer is and always will be a great source of information.
in addition, they lead to a much lower amount of social interaction.
they make pongal rice by cooking rice with milk and jaggery on this day.
computers are a tool that need to be used in an everyday life.
she listened to the doctor and it took her about three months to get back to the fun she used to be.
how can you help prevent the destruction of all of the historic words in libraries?
many of my friends also come to school on their bicycles.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
well the answer is no!
it can help to learn from mistakes and solve problems.
so having music at libraries is just giving them a free way to get it.
going on the computer can have a negative effect on you!
everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college.
the reader thinks the author concludes the story with this paragraph because the girl is saying she will try again, and take that test.
also, using the internet you can access all of the communicate benefits of using computers.
it charges a nominal amount for carrying our letters and parcels from one place to the other.
on these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away.
many find swear words in writing or violence to be very offensive.
some people, like myself, even have friends from different countries!
two hours later then they go the gym!
i believe people have different views about things.
these people also have no time for their outdoor activities they used to enjoy.
in conclusion computers are the best thing that has been introduced to man kind so far in this world.
firstly, you loose interaction with family and friends.
now that you know about the positive and negative effects of computers, which side will you choose?
i exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family too.
but the reason why the daughter comes back with the plant is she has failed her parents on the driving test.
heat makes it harder for most people to concentrate and causes people to heat overheated when exerting much force at once.
there are eight planets in our solar system.
i could just easily go look it up on the computer to see who won which medals.
do you think libraries should have the right to take books and movies off the shelves if they find it offensive?
instead of spending countless hours on the computer, you could be playing a sport or activity.
if the parents are scared of there children being able to rent these things, they need to put some sort of block on them.
i personally believe that the use of computer technology is a good thing.
i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it.
but, is not the only one who talks to relatives on the internet.
so, why should other peoples' form of enjoyment be censored and taken away from them just because of one bad lemon?
instead of instant messaging call them.
first, we did not understand what this woman was talking about until we realized that our friend had been pulling her eyes back.
and some parents is not going to let their children watch a movies, and other movie they were not to see at there ages.
they act hyper and mean to other people or even other children.
dear, local newspaper, i hear that you think computers have an effect on people.
but to some more than others.
the mood of the memoir by is love and compassion for his parents.
my disagreement to the situation is that the its a library, and libraries have different types of books.
and get out and have a little time for going on to the computer.
for communication, entertainment, and school projects.
in addition to students writing papers, computers are being used by teachers and school systems for grading, attendance records, and more.
the postmen deliver letters in the homes of the addressee or at business places.
on things around the world.
a curious child goes into the library for the first time to find a story to read.
there are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world.
computers have a positive effect on people.
more and more children are becoming obese by the year.
dear press, i have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society.
there are even games for educational fun that many kids love.
by looking at those magazines or reading books about those people teenagers think that everyone is doing it.
another way aspect that the computer provides is world news and big events and drama that is happening in our society.
not only can computers help you with information, it can make school projects so much easier.
then, the library has a bad image which is a big problem.
i have a !
by having the hibiscus plant with her, it gave her memories of her old life and strength to continue with her new one.
books on the subject would provide help for those going throughout life with suicidal thoughts.
there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen.
it is cool and breezy.
there were hills and rocks, snakes and no buildings or people.
just like books and magazines, every one has their own taste in music.
for starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming.
is happy his parents moved to and is grateful of the sacrifices they had to make do do it.
a library should never be intended for a certain group of readers.
i do not think they should remove materials from libraries just because some people find them offensive.
without computers, no one would have these skills.
everybody today is worried about what everyone else is doing.
some people state that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people.
not all of them think that way though.
the author concludes the story with that paragraph because it shows that she misses her home and that affected her driving test.
way to meet and interact with new and interesting people.
when people take these things harmful, they are not getting the true meaning that the author had in mind when the wrote them.
he had been drinking his water regularly and would be running out.
the question is, do you want people to refrain from using computers?
parents think that this is good idea because it protects their children from things that be considered bad.
when you are using technology usually it is work related.
a doctor is an important person.
as a teenage reader, my biggest belief and interest is learning about other cultures to see what it would be like to live in another country.
also, people would want to learn about other people cultures.
although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned.
dear local newspaper, i do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly.
all these ways and more that computers have impacted us.
computers and other gadgets have helped us go farther.
libraries could take some time to separate the books into categories and the books that they feel are offensive could go into a separate section of the library.
the geese will fly home and the hibiscus will bloom in spring.
libraries are places to learn and explore the different sources that are inside.
then having to go to college especially for working parents?
subjects like history, geography, and social sciences can be better learned through traveling.
i believe that books should not be taken off the shelves of libraries because without books we would not know anything about life to survive.
and with this family came the good times.
i use the computers to better understand it.
the aid of technology, our economy would rapidly as communication countries failed to exist.
my brother wore a smart suit and a tie.
social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer.
just because it offends them other people find it interesting.
by not having censorship, everyone will be happy in the fact that they get to read what they like.
finally you spend less and less time with you family.
a person has their own rights to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to.
unless it is a closely grounded secret.
it is this that makes us think, and therein lies the problems with censorship.
they believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying.
computers could also help us with our every day life.
this memoir is indeed heart warming and touching, though it is very inspirational.
they would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books.
dear newspaper, has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow.
although it sounds silly, you wanted by you could send a message to anyone with a message box.
if someone just removed all the things that are found offensive from the shelves.
he mood is mostly proud and thankful throughout the whole story.
the author gave the happiness to the cultures they have settled with the author, giving them friendship and happiness.
my point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy.
the spring symbolizes normal because at home where she thinks is normal is covered with beautiful flowers, like spring.
when you become a parent, you take on responsibility for the life of another person.
question is , is everything that you can have access to be removed from shelves if there found offensive?
things like and could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you.
libraries are stocked filled of all kind of reading materials.
in conclusion it has to be obvious that i feel censorship should be used in libraries.
computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families.
the plant must survive the winter and come back in the spring.
the water was really not and it tasted like battery acid.
to him, this simple bait shop was like beacon of hope from food himself.
the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
the author uses verbal irony when calling it a town town having it not really be a town anymore.
luckily, in our own era i do not believe we are censored from most things except of course politics going on between other countries.
for example the cyclist was in a very hot and dry place.
stuffy nose, headache, cold etc.
primary class children were playing with boats in the pool which serves our center court.
next, the computer allows you to talk online with other people.
my last argument for this is a heads up for the parents.
have you ever picked up a piece of material while in a library and it offended you?
the computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library.
censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read, watch, and listen to.
but most people spend to much time on the computer.
the boas and pythons are the largest of them.
first, he author talks about how her parents give up what ever they had for them.
there are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse.
primarily why she said that was she was saying with time come s cause.
i say this his family always let people from the neighbor hood come over and they were like family.
it really showed what he called home and what he called a family.
the final problem he faces is the .
you could be improving your coordination and not even know it!
computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all sorts of games for , and it provides information.
i was thinking to visit a suburb of singapore.
some of the greatest books ever written are respected for their controversy and mind blowing ideas.
people find different things offensive that others do not.
she works harder.
certain readings, and types of entertainment have already begun to disappear one by one.
also, computers help deaf people talk.
i had a holiday last week.
the computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends.
the computer through keep you in touch.
sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination.
next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades.
the author used it so that the reader could get a feel for what life was like back then.
there are so many different types and styles of music.
like i said, everyone has there own opinions and views on life and everything in it.
also, pictures on the computer help, too.
as an active member of the computer, i take part in all negative factors.
i couldn’t believe the characters i saw.
then you can see others face to face!
also you can get very fat.
the author concludes the story with this because it leaves you wondering about what will happen the next time she takes the test.
the author of the winter hibiscus concludes the story with the paragraph to show the connection between the hibiscus and .
and finally if you want to learn about the world, great!
computers are harmful to our society.
finally, people lose contact with family members of their friends because they are to busy on the computer playing games.
the hibiscus is to symbolize her being strong and that she will make it through moving to just strange land.
to take books from the shelves is to steal the words from the mouths of many great speakers.
it is always enjoyable to me.
when the cyclist first starts his journey he is very sure of himself.
hinting to the fact that the setting he was in was affecting him in many different ways.
she refused to buy me the music and would not let me listen to it.
so when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer.
these help inspire people.
because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends.
it gave him that extra boost of energy that seems to have come out of nowhere.
in addition, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that nothing else can do.
a public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in.
i think we all can agree with .
those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad.
a walk in a big park or on the bank of a stream is even more refreshing.
many people not know is that every book is in the world for a reason.
it is as simple as that.
the sea helps all forms of life on earth.
but people experience less the outside world when they surround themselves with technology.
they all brought gifts for me.
the main thing that computers are great for is research.
what would be left?
that is one less hour of exercise.
that just goes to show how much i use computers each day.
know you know that i think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day.
furthermore, computers are making people lazier.
if you throw the candy away, what does that mean for the other party guests?
items like these are meant for adults only.
we must respect and appreciate their hard work.
blocked the pavement in front of me.
they wanted to give her and her brothers and sisters a better life.
also if you just that you have never heard of before you can go and find out about it.
this is how the setting affected the cyclist
there are so many books and movies out there that teach us of life before our generation.
movies like this should be banned from public libraries.
however, the computer does not just show places.
computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress.
sohan lal is about twenty-six years old.
so thanks for letting me help you with your decision.
in our , we are given the right of writing what we want, and if censorship continues, we will lose one of our rights.
do i believe that some books should be taking off the shelves if they are found offensive ?
everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end.
the principal is very interested in sports and games.
but encounters a snake.
there are musics, movies, magazines and many more.
life in itself can be an opinion.
in a family it is kind hard not to.
the loving and respectful mood created by the author makes me think of my family.
the best way to get out of reading was reading a magazine.
the firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government.
this will helps us to live a healthy life.
if they have a right to remove anything from the shelves, so does everyone.
along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there.
we are also taking away books that interest a child.
also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you.
exploring the internet is what a computer can do.
much can be done as regards prevention, protection, immunisation etc.
some with to become rich.
you want the kids in to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air?
dear newspaper readers, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
get off your computer, and go for a walk.
all the members of his family work hard.
smoking can lead to cancer or death.
they are too young to hear or read about adult actions such as: war, violence, sex, drugs, and all sorts of other things.
what kind of civilization was ?
the desert is really hot so he needed more water than he would have if he were riding in the woods or if there was snow.
these love and happiness were the the moods created by the author in the memoir dedicated to his family.
that is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills.
the articles would probably be after the events occur.
when up got picture, typed up paper, saved our was empty!
he gets joy in floating paper boats.
because complaining will more than likely do something about it.
benches and chairs began to float in the water.
there are many books and movies out there that are offensive to many people.
she was going to give up because she failed the test but she seen that plant surviving through the harsh weathers and that gave her more confidence.
for all she knows, the people could be living in igloos.
in conclusion the authors moods can be described in many different ways.
you have the ability to learn about people and places easily and you can communicate with your family and friends!
a simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours.
yeah i said you think a comp.
especially, when that person could just ignore the book and pay no attention to it.
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change.
they let us look things up by easier means than a person or book.
currently, is extremely overweight.
lastly, computers can just be plain fun!
i then formed my own personal opinions on what i gathered from the books.
so you should try to make people be on the computer less often.
he overcame this exhaustion when a building came into views.
next not everyone online is who they say they are who make false accounts on like or .
every human mind desires the freedom to choose.
a final feature of the setting that affected the cyclist was the temperature.
computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons.
with a computer you can just go into your office and do re search, that saves money or gas.
libraries would soon close because everything is being found as offensive.
there are many reasons why we should could keep computers but here are some, interact with people, learn about other places and learn about family.
well in conclusion i agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family.
our time most of the time is spent with our families not our friends came over.
the city owns them.
the cyclist surrounds did have an affect.
although most fail to be banned right now, the world is very unpredictable.
here, let me help, mother.
what is a point about it?
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood towards the journey.
opinion is that once a person is an adult, they have the common sense and maturity to whatever they choose.
more importantly, how many different races are there here in , or even all around the world?
it was deserted.
the features of the setting make the cyclist feel hopeless after realizing he is not on a short cut.
since the cyclist is getting worn out he needs to drink more and more water.
i believe the whole issue is that the machine itself distracts you from other things in your life that is also as enjoyable on it is.
i myself have never really read or watched anything that was completely uncalled for.
get outside, watch the big game with all your buddies.
there are always an opposing side.
using a computer and learning in school basically can teach you the same thing.
the features of the setting affect the cyclists mood throughout the essay.
from scientific data about human anatomy to dragons and vampires.
even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer.
then you can study from the computer.
the world of books can be an escape from the world they live in.
and how thing change when you go to different place.
libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information.
what one set of parents want to limit their child from reading vary from another set of parents.
the author generally stayed in one mood.
you can shelter your children if you would like.
i do not think that is right. '
as i mentioned before, the book that was disturbing to me was interesting to others and vice versa.
the same for done for book.
next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill.
mango trees bear fruits
just the thought of having so ride over miles of hills, makes your legs hurt.
also, people use computers for work and jobs.
the computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of.
many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button.
one more reason she have used this is, that even tho your down you have friends and family to pick you up from it.
third, people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
i liked the book but was sad,but i read because people were talking about .
the child will probably want something that relates to a television show or a movie of some sort.
it was making him hot and thirsty which was making him low on water.
then it tells the month summer of course makes the temperatures for the cyclist about almost maybe even hotter.
i agree with this.
reading books is what opened my eyes to what life is really like.
i believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research.
however, his excitement soon turned into dismay and slight doubt as his journey drags on.
one of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on.
things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them.
she must adapt to her home to survive.
there were no buildings or people to the town anywhere.
therefore those people boycott the series.
i hope you think the same too.
when the censor things it makes me angry.
trust them, they know what they are doing.
for example, did you know that on average, an adult will make more if they know how to type good, and fast?
every year, more and more books of significance to literature are being taken off of the shelves in our local libraries and classrooms.
today, it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities.
equally important, using computers will allow a wider selection of jobs.
i think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology.
or it will help someone find their lost pet.
almost all means of communication can be done with a computer.
if music or movies become a hazard then it should not be welcome in the library.
but i do suggest that everyone should have a computer, they are helpful and fun.
there was no shade so he had to just take the sun beating down on his back.
most importantly people should become aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing this putting into negative situations at them in harm.
dear , i think computers have bad effects on the people in this world.
instead of finding the birth date of , she found a book making fun of and calling them inappropriate names.
on the other hand, i can see why adults would want the books censored.
read articles and stories right on the internet.
some consider it a freedom of speech.
all this so you can go online.
one way is that the rolling hills let the rider get more tired.
in high school we were told by our parents that we should not smoke do drugs or anything like that.
my friend barely used a computer and always played outside.
second, in a couple years everything will be computers.
children are very suspicious in libraries because they know that adult material is also in the library.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph for one reason.
if people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of the glowing technology then be it.
i only get to see him because a lot of money to come.
but to others its does nothing to them.
this quote shows that it is extremely hot and it is affecting his riding.
experts say that the computer restricts time to workout, but in all, truth, the computer is the key to the gym.
it is so the kids can expand there imagination as well.
what would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library?
, i think we have a problem.
for example, their are lots of websites that offer online tutoring or good ways to help you pass school.
there are over quests, and there are never fewer than people playing at a time.
dear readers of the local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
imagine yourself a white, year old boy, growing up in an all white town.
you would not believe the technology they have and how they use them.
the setting affected the cyclist greatly throughout his ride.
using the computer can access quick information.
the main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer.
he handed it to me and i just lost it, the book was not a children book at all.
think about all the negative things that could happen.
the author could be planning to write a sequel to this short story.
lastly they should not be reading anything about bullying
they are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find quite offensive.
i think that their should be rooms were certain adult books are at.
this means that she has been use to change and has accepted the situation.
they help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire the youth, computers are vital source of knowledge and advancement for humans.
typing is used everywhere, even in math class my teacher types up things and pits them on the .
but, if young people start using computers sooner then in life it will make it easier to get a better job.
there is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people.
this brings us to our last subject.
secondly, are fun to read, i know they are.
second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily.
also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun.
she goes for her driving test and comes home failed.
when you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just good.
what would that person do?
although, it not be the writers at fault here.
we just cannot pretend that we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring.
peacocks were in large numbers.
i do believe so.
this is my take on the whole situation.
his mood changes from happy and confident to indifferent and scared.
so have an adult section and a kids section.
as you can see.
most of these dogs are high in their pedigree.
in this show there is warning label stating only be seen to children and older.
their are some books that are being censored for little to no reason.
we all need to enjoy nature more.
in my opinion you should just read what interests you, watch what you like, and listen to the songs you usually listen to
loves online games, and he wins almost of the time.
she would never forget how her parents turned her house into a home, where she belongs.
i do realize that it gets out of control with the music, movies, magazines, and books but we know when to settle down and grow up.
when you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look.
he had a limited supply of water and that also affected him in a very bad way.
there is not one ounce of sadness to me, just a happy and inviting family which comforts me.
then they can talk in time.
never the less the is the most watched event in the world when it comes on.
lastly the story tells times how the parents sacrifice for their sons better life.
i strongly disagree, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers.
i always go on to talk to family living too far to visit.
first of all, the desert was very hot which makes travel very difficult.
computers are taken away information is gone.
this will make her more capable of passing the ed test.
one way is for school.
my friends moms changed because she got a computer.
if you took a book off of a shelf, that could be the book someone really needs.
one of the ways people very far away connect is with soldiers and their families.
also student use them to do research for school.
it was also packed.
you will finally be able to look up a place you want to go.
i see only a few good points in censoring.
teach your children to be careful in what they read.
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
censorship will be challenged in years to come and i will help challenge it for all to be free and happy
from birth, parents are constantly teaching their children what is right and what is wrong.
infamous dictators, such as , burned books to keep his citizens from thinking what he did not want them to think.
people should inform themselves about something before they view it so that they are not offended by the content inside.
first, is heat.
this depression needs to stop.
nearly eight feet high.
some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it.
should taking books, music, and movies off shelves of libraries even be questioned?
first, the heat made the cyclist overheated.
he needed to show with all objections, he could overcome anything.
let the reader decide its value.
this can help make new friends or make friendships closer and cause less problems.
without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life.
it made this new place feel closer to home than it did at first.
setting standards on computers can improve this problems and help exercising.
the mood for his story is bittersweet.
people are different in many ways.
the main mood in this memoir however is gratitude.
so after reading this i hope you understand why my opinion is what it is.
over of the sites used by teens are based on networking.
almost all the people get leisure time but they do not know how to utilize it.
for example, many people use or to connect with friends.
all of the materials cover a really wide range of topics.
many parents have different standards and what some parents find acceptable for their children appall others.
i hate arrogance also.
images like blood can sometimes offend the people of our generation.
it means that she will overcome all that and move on.
i believe that computers have good effects on people.
now think to yourself would you risk taking away someones favorite book.
music is something you listen to or you hear.
and without a computer all that would be very challenging.
voluntary organizations arrange relief camps and provide medical facilities.
the geese being familiar to her symbolizes that she is adjusting to her new lifestyle.
studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children.
in deserts where there are no cows.
libraries are open to people of all age.
or listen to?
none the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone.
lastly, you can get addicted to the computer.
well you can use the computer to learn about the place or the person.
they are either black or green in colour.
the way the author puts the words and uses them shows the mood of the memoir is grateful.
they have no limits.
during this decade many sports games have come out for the computer.
this made him more dehydrated.
dear local newspaper, too much technology!
there has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society.
dear, editor of the .
i strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely.
i feel that computers have negative affects and they should be gotten rid of completely!
studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours!
the most important thing was bringing family and strong relationships into the house making it an actual home.
now i will move on to give more details on my first reason.
if people know the place that their ancestors came from, but they look it up crime computers.
somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen.
also, this ties in with something our country was founded on, which is freedom of the speech, and the press.
computers are a good thing because you could email your family or friends any time you want too.
the weather can always be found on time web for any in the world.
you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want.
a important ability that computers have is they are able to teach you about far away places depending on were you live.
the flower hibiscus, gave her motivation.
everything will be gone, because every person in the world would find something is every book that they could find bad.
also now they have online classes and you can learn their language before you go.
was happy with his decision as well.
have you ever wondered that?
this is true.
young children are often daily visitors of the library.
if they start crying people who are working can be disturbed.
some street hawkers are not clean.
that is the mood and some examples created by the author in the memoir.
people can go to those websites and organizations to know what they personally should check out from the library.
all you need in life is a little imagination and a lot a help and love.
as we all know, obesity is a factor in the and around the world.
whether or not something is to be torn from the access of the public is left up to the opinions of the general public themselves.
you can communicate with your family or friends via computer.
if kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it.
at some places, they are used to carry heavy loads.
the computer is an easy alternative for communication.
war books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be.
now its your turn to jump on out of virtual world and put your head back in reality.
they have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your house, even if you have to stay at home.
i think there should be censorship in libraries.
it was the first time that i had gone to such a place.
i rode in the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
but i have and i also use to read them.
if you are a shy person this can help you.
playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer.
the abandoned building and there being no people, could affect him emotionally.
if heavy censorship is allowed in libraries, then libraries will become diminished resources, only containing a few documents.
it is that some people get very loud when there looking at magazines, or when there music is turned up way to loud.
if it is rated then i know that i see some blood, gory scenes, and nudity.
milk is an important part of our daily diet.
one obstacle would be a rough terrain.
however, absolute love is the strongest emotion that the reader feels from the memoir.
besides many of the things that people should be censored is probably not that bad.
in this article the author kind of gave a both happy and proud mood.
you need to think this way.
now there is two things gone from the shelve, but you actually liked what they took off the shelve and your upset that they took that off.
he shows that in growing up in such a wonderful family and home that he felt that the experience he had in his home was just exceptional.
since there are books, music, movies, magazines and etc.
my first reason why i feel that computers have bad effects is.
the mood of the author is happy.
this shows how friendly and inviting the were.
most of someones life can be saved to the computer.
i bought a magazine.
with out this form of censorship, small children would be aloud to see and hear things they are not ready for.
when i have a project, i always use the computer to find important information about the topic.
it is also a lot easier to find the .
they should also teach them the difference in what is acceptable and what is not acceptable.
they could have a decrease in sales which would cause a decrease in money as well.
she planted the plant despite the cold, hard ground.
you can find a lot of amazing things in a magazine.
the outcome of that is success.
also, because no video store exists in the town i live in, i go to the library for movies because i know they have a large selection.
people can gain the effects of laziness, little brain effort, and lose interaction with the outside world.
some might not be appropriate for young children to read.
this is true, not as long as you stay reasonable with usage or your computer, it benefits you in many ways.
everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns.
between the and , doctors saw nearly a increase in eye problems that resulted in either surgery, glasses, or contacts.
no one should be judged by which sex they like.
some are humorous, historic, or romantic, however some are offensive in some way.
and it was a sense of comforting to her after she failed her driving test.
this greatly affects his family.
yes i believe that books should be removed if they have derogatory terms in there such as racial slurs disrespecting the race of any human etc.
just because you do not enjoy it does not mean someone else will not also.
the books are put there for people to read not just to look at.
there is a solution out there, but we just need to find it.
and then she states that their wont be any books left for us.
i rushed over to her and put her back to sleep.
this is the mood that the author created in the memoir
if you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool.
do you ever go outside anymore?
taking advice from a group of old men, he headed to his first stop.
then it would make everybody fit and health if they try.
there are a lot of positive and negative things about computers.
all in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports.
the reasons which i am fighting for tell why, kids are in school more than half of the school day.
for teenagers, keep it educational but be more relaxed about it.
dear local newspaper , i am against that computers benefit society in anyway.
it has become near that computers have become along part of peoples lives.
online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone.
i think the top level or a certain area should be the adult area.
i was wearing three pullovers, but was still shivering with cold.
well, i have done my part.
we can meet new people, learn new places, and talk to friends.
from school to work to just fun.
this makes television seem obsolete as well.
when a virus hit it all of his files were gone and along with his records.
everyone has their own opinion and can make their own choice on what they want to read or what they do not want to read.
do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much?
these things bring back good memories which help to make her stronger.
this again saw how grateful the author is.
this happens maybe close to of the time that teens and even parents go into chat rooms online.
now what side are you at?
no one wants their library to be closed, so libraries should not be censored.
use it for entertainment.
the carpenter’s job is not easy.
and instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary.
imagine all of those values going down the drain by them reading one bad magazine or listening to one explicit song.
it lots people communicate, helps in educational decisions, and you can learn many subjects such as math, science, and language.
it would also cost a lot more money to call.
those are the reasons that point to the mood of this excerpt being grateful, or gratefulness.
when my family was planning our trip to in we used the computer constantly.
in the literary world of today it is never hard to find a topic that will interest you.
i can type with my eyes closed.
dear newspaper , you like it if your children stay on the computer all the time?
my family friend, had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer.
in studies in , out of who spend their time ( or more hours) are wearing glasses.
but then, they would have no books left on the book shelf for any of them to read.
computers can be very they resourceful at .
then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you.
said , a professor at .
even further into.
you will have know idea where to go because you never learned how to read a map.
computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use.
like books, music, movies, and magazines should be censored, too.
this caused a problem where the cyclist thought that he would die in the desert because of the weather, directions he was given, and lack of water.
they treated me as an outsider.
the playground gets crowded and there is hardly any game possible.
but you can always stand your ground and try
finally it makes you more social with people.
people should have the option to read or watch what they wish.
there should not be any style of censorship in the .
in paragraph , he also shows how life with his family was.
maybe they will become ore friendly and become more outgoing.
we hired a boat and started rowing.
no one really knows, but we will try to stop it all we can.
students love having access with information around the world.
either way it would help them be a success in their life.
surely, you should agree that computers are great.
he took same rocks and sucked on them, he went over a bump had swallowed it.
people were numb to feelings and that could be the outcome of censorship in the libraries around the .
i think computers are one of the greatest inventions ever.
this shows that hes getting frustrated and losing some hope.
man has always been interested in technology.
the includes free speech which insures that anyone can express their personal feelings or their opinion on certain matters.
if a book has to be removed from a library then why did they buy it?
everyone should not live offended by anything or anyone.
people these days are taking things way to far with their opinions.
where he was at was in the middle of no where, with no buildings, cars or structures in sight.
also, computers keep us updated with events that are happening in the world.
he talks about how his parents taught him how to cook.
the cyclists lack of water frustrates him, and the increasing steepness of the hills adds to his annoyance.
the author is always saying about miles or twenty miles up the road.
my heart is filled with joy when i play or watch a hockey match.
if we let everybody take books off the shelves, then there will be none left.
also somebody like the scary mystery books and movies, but others not.
people never have enough time for activities.
for example you can shop online and google things.
rough road ahead.
and he thought he was seeing things good thing he checked it out.
home interesting was it!
it also lets you communicate with your family, friends, or other people you need to communicate with.
hospitals organize all records digitally to help give the right treatments patients.
there are laws against restricting what a person can or can not view.
lastly computers help people make money and support their family.
another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything.
then after that time it will feel just like home.
, movies, anything you is not likely on a computer.
also, the internet keeps you up to date on things going on in the world.
this book is one of my top five favorite books, and i could not check it out of the library because it was banned.
to each side of you lies a vast collection of diverse adventures and anecdotes.
in the essay do not exceed speed limit, the features of the setting affected the cyclist in a few ways.
the quality of learning would not be the same if books were censored.
also he ran out of water and there was nothing but desert and poisonous snakes around.
you can learn about or.
in addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease!
i think the area where the most offensive things are, are movies.
from staring at the horizon to get to a place to another from sucking on pebble stone to not focus on water.
if this was to take place our civilization would experience a lessening intellect and a expanding ignorance regarding many fields of knowledge.
but my favorite author is sir arther conan doyle.
years ago i look a trip to for the first time.
if one person does not like a particular book or magazine, they should search somewhere else for what they want.
but now their could be a lot more depress.
to begin, when someone is talking to another on a computer, they never know who is at the other end of it.
dear newspaper, i often think about the effect of technology on humans.
for example, many parents would love if all clothes stores would ban holes in jeans because they are to revealing.
as you can see the computer can help society.
we put our letters in the letterboxes and our letters reach our friends and relatives.
no one should lose exercise over playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet.
the answer to this big question is no.
a great thing to use on a computer is a web cam.
parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of .
so even toward all these negative affects he still managed to come to positive.
i believe if they put the books, movies, and other stuff on the shelf than it should be able to be read by children and others.
thirdly, family and friends are not spending as much quality time together as they should.
people who spent hours on the computer live a sedentary life style.
the rough terrain and blazing sun test him and make him suffer in ways he never imagined.
so much color is splashed on all eyes and ears on such sights and sounds.
computers teach us and sometimes can guide you.
but if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library.
plus email is great for work.
it is not the library to blame, but your own.
the memoir also shows this mood of graciousness for the understandings his parents taught him.
sometimes i wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way.
it all just depends on the person!
if you like to watch .
it is still an open debate, but, in opinion, censorship should not be done.
if the movies are bought by the parents, then there should be no problem there either.
the project took me days to do, while it took him a whole week to complete.
well computers can do that.
persuasion is also biased towards one side and you not agree with the side the author chooses.
this quote means that it was getting hotter and this was going to make it harder for the cyclist to ride.
teacher’s table.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
is the new generation of mean.
its better safe than sorry.
an achievement technology and science that improve all our lives.
they need to get off the computer and do push ups, sit ups, and just exercise.
the best way to take care of those things nature.
without them, we would quickly find life to be much harder and less fun to navigate.
your complaint that causes the banning affects everyone.
other people think that this is a great idea to use a lot of computer and spend more on it then their families.
the classrooms are large.
to that i said well can i still use the computers there to get information.
just think if they would have censored those ideas.
after the fork he kept going and he then faced another problem.
another thing that would back this up is when he talks about writing in his diary about the old men who gives him these direction.
he said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop.
computers are a great thing to have.
finally, the large snake created an obstacle for him by blocking the majority of pavement in front of the cyclist.
if there was nothing out there that offended anyone, how would younger generations learn how to decided what is right and wrong?
you probably do!
if one is cautious and uses internet safety techniques they can make new friends with common interests through computers.
for example the people who still lived in that remote area were probably as old as the cyclist grandparents and the directions were horrible.
dear newspaper, you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off.
besides the telephone, computers do have some bad things about them, too.
this was a very interesting story and it snowed all the hardships this young girl has gone through, the author ended it in a very interesting way.
the government also relies highly on the internet.
for starter, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
the movies that are made give a false out look on what sex and intimacy really is.
water is a valuable gift of nature.
at first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run.
soon many ladies came out of their houses and surrounded them.
there are some books though, that i agree should be taken off the shelves due to them being over the top on offensive.
being able to talk.
brownie can work very hard.
programs like allow you to make new friends as well as reconnect with old friends.
i was trying to find a book to read for an essay i had to write.
if we start giving up these small freedoms then those taking them from us will not stop.
for our generation and for the many generations to follow.
there are some material out there that no one wants a little kid to get a hold of.
obesity is a huge problem in .
there are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites.
i believe the quote stated above is quite true.
then, i went back to print it, it had been erased.
although certain materials are not meant for children to see, adults find it enjoyable and interesting.
yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both.
censoring what is available at the library would make finding books harder for other people.
if they do not like it then they should have never taken it home in the first place.
my final reason is, the less time you use your computer the less money you would be wasting on electricity bills and spending more time on family vacations.
like lets say my dad goes on business to .
everyone has their own meaning of offensive.
you can use the computer for playing games that are related to school.
if they have bad related books they should just make a different section in the library for them.
dear newspaper, a family.
i agree on spending less time on the computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
there was water everywhere.
this is the reason i believe the author ends the story the way they do,
libraries are a wonderful place full of great stories and adventures, so they should not be polluted with offensive and inappropriate material
also, the memory card which allows us to save data on a computer and take it to school or work.
it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers.
they should not remove the books completely they should just warn people of the language.
he is found everywhere in his uniform.
i got so tired from being on the computer for so long i took a nap.
explicit, or eighteen or older books, movies, magazines or music be placed in a back room or simply on another side of the library.
however this can also be argued.
people should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can.
i was drawn to this hobby when i was just six years old.
also, the military & keeps secrets on computers but if your smart enough you can hack it.
secondly, magazines are an advertisement.
this would solve many problems such as children being able to check out certain materials.
it was very important that the author concluded the story with that paragraph.
computers are a huge advancement in business.
they are intended for people of all ages.
it is tone of love because he explains that his parents taught him many great things.
he can be seen riding a bicycle.
one of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research.
the library should allow people who use the library to take away things that are offensive to its customers.
they are aloud to voice their own opinions and write about the subject matter that they are most interested in.
well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside!
scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people closer than ever before.
seeing the hibiscus allows her to find comfort.
, i would have to say to chat with friends.
families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades.
i would help develop the all-round personality of all the students.
so the computer has also allowed us to what without them having to be there.
she can not talk phone because so what do you do you.
products in a library are for anyone to view, not to judge.
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that computers have positive and negative effects on people.
many books are an authors experience, so they are meant for high school age.
not just anyone should be able to walk into the library and check out these offensive materials.
but, you stay home to webcam with your aunt.
another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble.
we saw that a man was getting drowned in the lake.
those old men had him through neck and been, once he made it to the next town he knew with those conditions
you have to think about the younger generations.
the story is mainly about how she looks for a flower and the memories it brings.
my second reason is that advance in tech.
no, they not use computers more.
in our great country we have many freedoms, one of these is the freedom to read, hear, and see what we want.
the computer makes you better at this.
my brother envied me.
but when you do it just to spite someone, then that is very hurtful.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happy and grateful.
but technology can also be distracting.
for example computers.
if us children did not learn that at an early age many of them would be in some very rough situations today.
i believe is important that people accept the fact that everyone does not have the same opinion.
is what happens to people who have grown up among censorship; they have very little reason.
is glorifying crimes is not a crime?
or what alcohol is?
children, however, should be treated as a special case.
you searched everywhere, by everything that the book would possibly be listed under.
it can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams.
have you ever wondered if the information on a website is completely accurate and true?
no, i strongly disagree.
censoring or removing on the other hand, is permitted to the distributor.
computers are very helpful now, mostly every thing gets done on it.
its quick easy and it works.
i feel that we should all take a stand against computers.
they should be out teaching kids not to say this stuff.
some country singers can be like that to because all the sing about is getting drunk then having sex.
that book might of also been in there family for a really long time and they want everyone in there family to enjoy that book.
it seems that people are getting fatter every day.
any information that they might read or hear is something that they are going to find out sooner or later anyway.
sometimes the books that are the most informative are the ones that are offensive.
whatever the user wants is a text and a click away!
not everyone is reading a book about rainbows, and unicorns.
influencing people to think about things that are viewed by everyone is not a bad thing when it can be used to inspire people in their lives.
fun what the government is doing now.
mercury is nearest to the sun.
many people think that people overuse their computers, but that the users fault not ours.
no single person is forced to read a book they are offended by.
this is causing kids to become less active.
we should let the computers be in the
he took me along.
throughout my own experience, i have seen children grow up too fast when exposed to certain knowledge.
dear , in my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people.
i frequent my computer almost every hour, so i made a system to ensure i got exercise.
when i get home i check the homework and talk to my friends online.
after looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights.
all of us began repeating it.
you should not ban books because we have the freedom of press, and because we have the freedom as individuals to read what we want.
but if it is censored it should only be for a certain age group.
dear , i agree that computers do have a positive effect on people.
the author did not put any negative information in the memoir and only put a positive feeling.
if exposed to the sun and heat long enough you can get a sunburn or suffer a heat stroke.
i do believe computers have a positive effect on people.
some people use the computer for there education.
computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people.
still, even with this point made, some not be convinced that we are allowed to say what we want.
it also has a number of storybooks and magazines.
no parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up.
if rules of the game are not observed gameswill no longer remain the civilised activities of human beings.
but most importantly, you can learn so much!
i found one that looked interesting, and long story short i just so happened to stumble upon a love story.
also the mood of this story is very loving.
because hes talking about how his family started and how met his friends.
especially, miners who lie about their age.
visit a local park or play a sport for fun.
i think that is one huge problem.
and finally the path you take along the way and how many stops you make along the way.
when i see that, i think, ' if a child saw this?'
someone can be good looking, smart or confident.
his work is full of difficulties.
i think the library is perfect just the way it is.
the test that she failed tested her memory of her home.
if they are found offensive, and proved offensive, they should be moved.
for instance they are entertaining, they have communication, and they help make designs.
those things are part of the world today and everyone needs to face that reality.
the arrangement of their food is made by the warden.
so, when you think about banning books just remember that there are other places to get books.
love for family and love for each other.
there was no place even to stand properly.
you have to look at it in the publishers view also.
these are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers.
the mood created by the author is happy.
my third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer.
as the world turns, life cannot be stopped because bad or inappropriate things exist.
ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful.
people think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the good in .
the shelves of libraries will soon be empty if censorship continues.
it takes time away from the outdoors, exercising, and family.
computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people.
for example look at the .
that be it, it not.
censorship in libraries in our libraries there are a lot of books that are very helpful.
but on the other hand, we do not want your children getting hold to the censorship of bad book, movie, music or magazines.
no matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something.
it shocked me that someone would put that book in a public library and let the foreign and others read it.
the words that they say in songs, the things we see in movies, and the picture we see in magazines are getting out of hand.
show you can go online and watch them.
computers help kids around the world find thing quickly and easily.
i know i would.
if you have ever been to a movie theater, you know they have certain ratings.
another thing is people learn to take care of things a computer is worth a lot of money.
is very tasty.
it could also let them communicate.
if we censored books that are found to be offensive, we would be violating this right.
but nothing that i found offensive personally.
the cyclist had only brought so many water bottles and was quickly drinking them all.
i believe there is no harm in libraries, it is a place where you go to get all the information you can.
thus, we would be creating that unwanted barrier.
without computers i never would have learned so much about that place.
it also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life.
also, the author discusses the unity and love between his family and neighbors.
david-jonathan, etc.
those are the people that i grew up with and have known since birth.
although the censorship of media through a library is only on a small scale, but censorship is censorship.
people are not getting exercise, so the gain more weight.
as you can see computers are only going to get better.
magazines are like books, they are meant to be enjoyed.
although people might find the down sides to computers, they will always be able to think of a good side.
in the censorship has almost never been present.
the mood given by the author in this memoir is happiness.
his family supported him by growing up in a happy loving home.
feature was the heat.
books are a great part of a students learning.
people all around the world use them, from to , to to , they are being used.
these problems could be resolved simply by putting up signs in different spots of the library.
so go out and buy one.
the youth of our country do not need to be seeing all of these actions and hearing these messages.
if they do not want to buy or check these materials out then then they should just go to another shelf, or shop at another store.
in the case of children, careful censorship is necessary for healthy development.
should not be removed from the shelves just because certain people find them offensive.
an example of this would be the society in the book ' ' by .
this saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade.
i hope by now you feel the same
magazines are an issue along with movies and different kinds of music.
although this is not always the case, it does increase the chances of wrong decisions and it does have and influence on the younger minds.
computers really help the elderly out a lot.
she felt that it was from the devil and pure evil.
addicts should minimize their time on the !
they let people talk online.
i mean you can read about history, world news and you can research many different topics.
the snow melting would be the pain going away.
this can cause many problems between communication throughout the family making the family weaken.
people are just going to have to get over the fact that they have to deal with what they see or hear.
is grateful that he had the parents he did.
this quote shows that the narrator was disappointed with herself for not passing the test.
the rates of squirrels to people in was in , the year the computer has invented.
dear , you know that out of students in grade go on the computer each night to complete homework and to connect with friends and family?
it also a great way to make friends!
computers affect people in that they help to send out news and stories causing them to want to help people.
there is a choice in the question paper.
later that day my and i were at school reading our books she came up to me in the hallway.
books about drugs are alright to an extent.
in this kind of setting you can run into dangerous creatures.
this memoir is all about heritage and the home.
i thought that the internet had just my mom better than i could that we should go on vacation.
as my teacher read us this book everyday, we all sat and listened taciturnly.
a third way the cyclist was affected was was when he went inside the bait shop and cooled down.
the last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard.
it would not be fair or right to remove books from the library
i have three seasons why people should spend less time on their computers.
however, that is the way people in that time spoke.
the internet the very place where so much information passes through, be it good or bad.
my opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and i support this technology.
this is why most jobs have computers.
to build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely.
this then begs the question is it okay to censor certain books from the shelves of a library which can potentially enlighten us as growing students?
yes, we have freedom of speech and can say anything we want, but i think it should only go so far and then should be stopped.
literature is written by the author for many reasons.
these things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape.
that way you get what you need done.
and each of those people that removed a book, most likely would enjoy another book that someone thought was offensive.
the obesity rate has increased between then too.
consequently, kids end up in inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on.
everyone gets offended over something, so i can see why people find somethings offensive.
but i guess everyone forgot about that.
but let someone express who they are through their likes and dislikes.
people use libraries as a source to see these works.
the lack of water led to the possibility to sucking pebbles to forget about his thirst.
several parts of this work emphasize this mood.
most everyone has used, uses, or will use a library in their life.
with a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device.
is grateful her parents had to make a huge sacrifice just for her benefit to leave behind there friends, family & careers in the country they love.
information in libraries should not be censored, even if the information is considered offensive.
the first solution is to have certain offensive material under lock and key from the public.
not all the time you can find certain things in books.
you would halfway have to wait for a mechanic or run for miles to get to a phone.
go on the computer the maps are always updated and you can get easy and fast directions!
its a quicker and new way to meet new people.
the other day i showed my mom how to use a computer and she said it was the greatest invention sense sliced bread!
the earth gets heat, light and energy from the sun.
a computer many family thing.
this would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet.
in order to go down a hill, you had to have gone up a hill.
a street hawker has no fixed price.
secondly, i disagree with the removal of these type of materials because libraries could always make a separate section.
you can also interact with people far away.
also you have a problem they will help you out.
computers are great writing tools.
they should be out getting fresh air and spending time with their family and friends.
that is enough to bring hope to someone who has failed and wants another chance.
there are some rare situations when restrictions need to be upheld but merely based on age.
i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
all of these details contribute to the overall mood of the memoir.
some people write books and songs to express themselves or make money.
you just got to know how to avoid it.
things that offend people: for instance, a book about or natives and how they were treated so poorly.
in my opinion only influential music should be able to be rented out.
also, do you like using the computer?
rain is both a blessing and a curse.
the first reason why i think this is because people in the world are becoming less healthy kids and adults should stay more.
the internet is a wonder place where you can look up information for a school project and learn about different topics.
read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic.
some have never been offended.
this was a really good way to end the story, because it sets a positive vibe.
there are so many ways to get to those things with the technology we have today.
your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you.
however, the majority of censorship does not take a good side.
however teachers say that ever since was invented the students grades were skyrocketing.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
but if from of to fix it?
he searches for a place to rest where there be water but he is not able to.
he writes that in a way which could make the reader feel that he is extremely happy.
all you could do is download it.
don'y worry about too much use, because computers can only help us not hurt us.
over ninety four percent of people today own a computer ad feel as though they have learned many things from it.
most younger kids these days are starting to listen to the fast rap music.
do people take books?
dear , i strongly agree that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
in conclusion, internet these days are very good for people.
as i mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications.
he hit some bad and nasty water.
on the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person.
another reason computers are a problem is because they strain you eyes.
in conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people.
maybe we should stop worrying about other people for once and just try to grow and prosper as a race.
out of ten people said that they would rather email a person than talk on the phone with them.
sales people need their computer to store data, like on .
let this be a step in the right direction
every book has a meaning or message that all should know about.
this is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place.
only when he comes to a small bait shop close he finally get water.
the author concludes the story using that paragraph for a few reasons.
this is a depressing setting symbolizing a complete loss of hope.
instead of going on the computer all day, we should be going outside to enjoy fresh air and the sun.
in that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book.
the mood of the is happy.
he killed many people, destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs.
you are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up.
he shouts in the street in an interesting tone.
in school we should always wish our teachers.
would you want someone taking away your right to do something you like to do because they find it offensive?
sometimes what is considered offensive to one person, is essential to another.
we must be very proud of our soldiers.
i do believe libraries need to have some sort of censorship on not only their shelves but computers and movies as well.
so, its probably the same for the narrator.
many people even work from home, thanks to their computers.
it helps kids if they need to research something.
for example, there is a song by the band .
it takes risks to guard our house.
he should be taught to think before he acts, to be prudent and useful to his society.
man was that a tragedy!
any way children become more social.
a farmer lives in a village.
in the book of it says, gave many people over to their sinful passions.
it is hot cool out there,then the terrain changed.
they control and manage the traffic at road junctions and crossings.
no water and it being so hot could cause a heat stroke.
this reminds me of my step dad .
people like their options to be open and at a wide range.
if you disagree with the book or whatever it be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it.
so why should you pull something off the shelf in stores or libraries just because its offensive to one person
the features in the setting, such as the ghost town desert, and the juice factory, give the cyclist a sense of hopelessness.
now jaipur was in sight.
this way more and more families can do activities together.
i think libraries should only have family oriented movies.
the story says, i stumbled into a rather modern bathroom and drank deeply from the sink.
there were many shops in a row.
overall the main mood of this memoir is loving.
this is an approved message thank you for your time, goodbye.
i watched them before though
without computers, who knows where our society would be?
books such as ' ' is a book i had read and it was very out there and straight forward.
which makes it bad because of the heat makes it harder on the cyclist.
many features of the setting affect the cyclist.
no that not right it just pure wrong.
first and most importantly, he is affected by the people who live there.
i have met a obese child.
in the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, many of the features of the setting affect the cyclist on his journey.
i think they music that talks about personal things and bad things should be in its own little place.
finally, his parents were able to support these bonds.
also phones are safe so they cant get viruses and strangers cant look at your personal information, finding out where you live.
they help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family.
the hibiscus inspires her, and lets her know that the new country has many of the same things as her old country.
so else how bad the computer is.
but people making it more addicting by creating things such as never ending games and its distracting people from there life, family, work and exercise.
no matter our color, size, looks, or personalities, we are all created equally as our constitution says.
computers is destroying the social life millions of people.
would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!
all information is helpful, just not all is necessary.
i had an experience similar to this with my friend.
another factors is the maturity of the reader.
for example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person.
you must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life.
these are only a few of the reasons why computers do good in our society.
computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face.
do you think computers are good and benefits society or is it bad a rot little kids brains to make their lives horrible for them to live with?
i find it very dumb.
reading a book about it will not change the fact that they are still learning about it in many other ways.
this is because a lot of the games can be to much fun, that it can be find a game and play it all the time.
i am clearly in favor of owning and using computers.
people say that computers waste our lives.
many things influence people of different ages, race, or religion.
they might have been old, but not very wise.
movies, books, music, magazines, and more all have there own way of expressing the content in them depending on what the author is talking about.
mainly parents and educators find these materials such as books offensive and do what they can to get this book taken out of libraries at schools.
that any person finds offensive.
then they go home and go on their own computers instead of going for a walk or a bike ride.
this is why libraries should not remove materials from their shelves because they are, in the eyes of some, offensive materials.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
also because he was in the desert he had no sense of direction.
out of of family members and friends agree with mom.
another example how this is so much easier is now computers help you with school work.
sometimes i enjoy reading books where people get hurt and sometimes killed but someone else reads it,they might think that it is horrible and very offensive.
hibiscus is budding this way the flower will be starting new and so will she.
so make the correct choice in deciding what you want to read, and do not ruin the enjoyment for many others.
watch or not on a .
therefore, this memoir has moods that are created by the author.
in the memoir the reader expresses the love and gratitude towards his parents.
the terrain kept changing making it hard for him not to be thirsty.
but if you take visit there you will get to really last the food.
i would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas.
everybody is unique, different and have their own opinions on different things and ideas.
they will stop inviting you places.
you ca share photos, videos, games, just about anything.
the offended group is not being forced to read that book or magazine, listen to that music, or watch that movie.
when children pick books from the library you want to make sure their kids books and you also want to check to see if their educational.
not only is the terrain suddenly different, but the cyclist is rapidly deteriorating.
also save your to save the trip out there.
it is very easy to tell what is good and what is bad.
computers are, a great advancement in our technology.
computers are everywhere you can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone.
the stores and libraries should set limits on books and ages.
if everyone had the right to ban books then we would have no books, because something would offend someone.
censorship at the library is not needed at all times.
computers help use learn what other people are saying in other countries around the world.
the mood is love.
the mood was very serious and grateful.
i remember going to the library when i was a kid, and i wanted to check out a movie.
even books have sexual contact, and language.
he passes a water pump (just what he needs), yet the water is something close to toxic.
these people have a shorter lifespan!
people get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day.
another the directions where way off so he had longer to go then he thought.
there should just be a limitation on who can view it.
the countries of the setting that had the most effect on the cyclist were the deserts and hills.
even nowadays with laptops if one was to be brought outside, the user would be focusing on the screen, not what is around them.
another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture.
now i hear my favorite tunes.
people grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep at the computer.
even for the books that are unrealistic they are also made for a reason and should be allowed to have their place in the library.
people have the right to read anything and to see anything they want, and if they disagree well they should just deal with it.
offensive books are most likely found in the teenager or adults sections, not the children section.
dear local newspaper, about what the world would be like without computers.
to remove the work of an author in a library is to damage his ability to spread his thoughts.
meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk.
you even notice that if you use the computer too much you will miss more interactions with your family.
dear, the people use the internet.
the way that the person is feeling is a big part on weather they try hard or they do not worry about it too much.
it is proven that people too to fifteen years old spend an average of - hours of their free time on a computer.
all throughout the memoir, he talked about how his parents love of him had them leave their countries and come to the us.
the computer is a major help.
you can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school.
the setting caused him to doubt himself and the men and also it kept him from having the energy needed to get to where he was going.
the airplane took off into the air.
parents, as well, will surely not allow their children to borrow risque material.
second, the road was getting harder to travel.
this can then lead to a child having a hard time associating with his peers.
going outside in the winter can make students sick and miss days of school.
the mood of the memoir is happy and thankful.
there are always going to be offensive books and movies out there.
to begin with, the learning ability people get from it has improved.
how unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person.
he says that, i rode into the morning with strong legs and a smile on my face.
very many people would not like that book because it shows young boys being savages and killing each other.
his surroundings led him to the state of dehydration.
the way i look at things is ( do)
do you have a picture of your cat?
also we can learn about faraway places like or .
if you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can?
we feel healthy and happy.
we how you, computers make life better and much easier.
a rider should make a plan and use determination to get to where they need to go.
you can look & browse at things available in a store.
people can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school.
you can slide in a and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it.
so please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned.
its that simple.
all he did was use that blasted electrical error call a computer.
dear, computers do have positive effects but the negative effects are much worse than the positive effects.
dear newspaper, i thought that i should express my concern.
there are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework.
we need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives.
there are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes.
( ) the author explains to us how peaceful and happy his home was.
they would be upset and disappointed about situation.
what did was instead of trying to deal with the picture, she wondered off and tried to find another book that does not have any grotesque pictures.
i know what the feeling is when you are low of fluids because l have chronic dehydrated.
the computers let you learn new things and you can search anything you want to know.
nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site.
lots of people come to the library to check out books, music , movies , and other things for entertainment.
the same goes with family.
another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things.
there are better entertainment active and will keep us healthy and exercising.
i think you learn everything from your parent how to act and all that.
with electronic devices such as the player and so on, most of the music comes from online sites where you purchase the song directly.
keep them so people can understand life the easy way and the hard way.
i like it very much.
some of the books people need to know about.
you can just chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes.
for me, a lot of the times i just need information about maybe a sports player of facts about a famous event.
and that their home was a place you could feel safe and protected.
that is why computers are good and we need them.
children are the future and they need to be taught the right way.
on to next subject the expert say were not enjoying out doors, but the over looked something here it is.
all one has to do is find a site such as , type there question, and millions of answers pop up assuring a solution to the problem.
computers effect a lot of people.
in conclusion, i believe that books should not be taken off library shelves just because it is offensive to you.
feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story.
many people read books and many do enjoy it but many people do find books offensive.
there are thousands and thousands of books on display at the public library, that does not mean you have to read all of them.
movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch.
without all the books that are in our libraries would people get the knowledge to make great discoveries in science, history, and electronics?
a great mental image of serenity and peace.
in the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,.
as my conclusion i know that computers are good to have in peoples houses.
all people should have a computer.
there are so many movies now that have inappropriate scenes: bad language, scary scenes, etc.
the train was late by one hour.
parents and certain groups have a huge effect on the production of censorship.
this lack of water is a big problem for the cyclist, so big that he was near heat stroke.
i think they should just make sure the kids are checking out what their allowed to read.
stepping down to a less global level of effects and to a more personal level proves to also be beneficial to humans.
this can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world.
if something causes someone else harm we should not do it.
and learn about all the cooking.
some people just have to deal with these people.
if an adult does not like a kid book because its giving the kid the wrong idea then do not get the book for the kid.
a visit to a zoo is an interesting experience.
the one you love could be messing up because of the that you have in your house.
i found one i thought looked cool, took it off the shelf, and brought it up to the cashier.
he believes that he is not going to make it.
it was nothing cool about it.
and you can learn new things that you have no clue about.
no one will ever agree on the same things, but in the end, we need to do what is right for the betterment of our community.
my attitude will go farm.
with computer you can look up available homes and apartments.
but as i said, i hope i made my point clear, and i hope you agree with me.
he never gets irritated and does his best for the sick.
the things they find on the internet will be more controversial then the majority of books that are being censored.
he considered his neighbors his family.
some books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
what if that thing they see in a movie is murder?
in my opinion, although computers help with certain everyday life, i think that it gives one negative effects.
it would be the same way if a store stopped selling your favorite product because one person did not like it.
i know that after a long time on the computer i have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad.
, it gives students the to learn different places.
she is willing to give the test another try and is sure to pass it.
take away from your computer and go outside.
so instead of removing materials off shelves consider that someone was just expressing how they feel and have the right to their own opinion just like you do
by writing the story, the author created a mood full of warmth and comfort.
certain materials, such as books, music, movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves, even if they are found offensive.
lastly, computers have a negative effect on people because it takes away from people using their world.
the computer is not evil - quite the opposite!
in the memoir, the author shows love by not only showing the love between the child and the parents but by also showing the love throughout the community.
censoring libraries is something to protect you and your family.
some reasons include: the put down on races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and who it was written towards.
the landscape seems to get more threatening too, a ridiculously large shake.
also i believe that it is the parents' job to regulate what their children read.
people are reading articles, and book and believing every bit of what they read or write or even hear on their radio in recent times.
there is one thing about the computer that is amazing.
there are some reasons to which i am saying this.
furthermore, we spend less and less time exercising outside because we are trapped in a technology revolution filled with inaccurate information.
that book would be taken away from all schools in the brings us to this problem.
first, the mood is very .
his parents wanted a better life for him.
then, and easily as rounding a band, my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
, in my opinion, the effects of computers are not good.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she has new hope and determination.
that can lead a person to being very lazy.
i think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen!
the computer is a great tool for communicating with other people.
this ruining many people because this starts rumors and gossip about people.
, with a computer.
the poor and homeless who live with a low standard of living are often said.
i know that i enjoy downloading music, too, so why should it be any different for other people?
imagine a world where the government let the media say whatever they want.
that is only one of the reasons i think computers are beneficial to society.
this type of event could cause serious damage on a child emotionally and mentally.
the buds of the flowers give her hope and essentially, the strength to take the test over again.
a happy, grateful, and proud mood is expressed by the author in this memoir.
the internet also allows you to learn about certain subject or events you might not have a book for.
first off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.)
if its in a public library let it be read people and children shall be free to anything in the library unless other wise consented by a parent.
it helps you learn social skills that everyone needs.
if a book is offensive, first decide what kind of audience it would be offensive to.
you can not hide things from them.
dear newspaper editor, computers have been a great advancement in technology, but some people think otherwise.
in cities like tokyo, it is only at this time that the roads are not crowded.
we are so fortunate today to have even computers in our school because my grandparents would have loved to have something as quick and as simple as a computer.
human beings do not always want to learn the same things.
however, we still have to be reasonable about it.
all through life people are urged to think outside of the box.
if there is a article up on a shelf and it has an appealing image on it, you are going to stop and read it .
the leading cause for this low number?
just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
so in reality some things should be kept and others taken away.
if one was taken from the shelf because of offending someone then more and more materials would be taken away form society.
i think that the author concludes the story like that because be shes saying that by that time shell be ready to take the test again.
another element in the story that effects the cyclist is the lack of water.
she should be strong and follow the flow of life.
dear , people like computers, a known fact.
some people live far away from their family so computers really help them stay in touch and to be able to see each other.
also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name.
this explains that the man could not get water or a ride from anywhere around, because there was nothing out there to at.
just because, a person does not appreciate their child picking up a book they should not have.
in this essay i will describe to you why i think this way.
dear readers, computers have a large presence in the world today.
that experience was not only with a friend but it happened with a family member as well, my grandmother.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity & friendship.
i think that there is different levels of censorship that should be enforced depending on the library at which censorship is required.
which is a saying i have heard many of times.
farmers need to keep reports on their money income.
either way you could still find something about the writing to be offensive.
he is also cycling up and down curry, hilly back roads.
almost ever single book in the world is not factual, unless it is nonfiction.
protect the future generations and censor what children are allowed to be exposed to.
i remember when my friend would go home change eat and log right inside the computer.
but i still wanted to continue to be friends and communicate with him every once in a while.
through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers.
that was proven in a say a by , head of human reactions.
why banned some materials from everyone?
i cannot.
either due to there religion or even if they do not like the words used.
these are some reasons that show how this memoir has a peaceful mood given by the author who wrote it.
they help people, educate, and connect people.
a third reason computers not be help society you can see, i feel very strongly about the negative effects that computers have on society, for many reason.
that of people use the computer to chart with people.
the hibiscus shows it with its budding stage.
but no matter what you try to do, something bad will be out there waiting for you.
books are tools for learning and taking them away would be harmful to education.
this reminds me of the time when a massive earth quake hit and traumatized its citizens.
it brings a happy mood.
the feeling of generosity comes from the selflessness the parents had for their kids, friends, and family.
the author is very happy and satisfied with the family he has and want his family has done.
so these are all my reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
there should be a level of intensity in which the item is offensive.
because it costs so much money to pay for international cellphone service, my dad could not call using his cell phone.
books have been an important tool for students for a long time.
i know that a the should agree.
what about the other percentage?
well with this, advanced technology we have found ways to educate students in a fun way.
so, in my opinion computers do benefit society.
they chat with friends or maybe even boyfriends.
computers cause you to isolate yourself.
dear , i am a student from , i do think that certain materials such as books.
for a final point, i would like to say that computers simply destroy your lifestyle.
because they spend to much time on computers and less time exercising.
some say that computers are bad for you but they can really benefit society.
the answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool.
what one parent feels is very offensive another feel it has a necessary life lesson that their children need to learn.
this is a very tricky subject because no one will ever be happy.
people have always said that books can take you anywhere you want.
the only person who should have a say in getting rid of a book would have to be the librarian.
the veterans then might want the movie taken of the shelves.
kids have a great memory on things that should not be remembered.
everyone wants to get in first.
art is what it is.
computers, televisions, and radios have made life more pleasant.
they should not be removed from the shelves of the library.
the cyclist has said that he had to ride over terrain that was smooth at first but then turned into rolling hills.
it was a great experience for me.
anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web.
he tells the reader more than enough about his simple home, and there is almost no conflict in this memoir.
why would anyone want to put this kind of material in there masterpiece?
think about it.
one thing that i find very useful on computers is an online textbook.
and as time goes on it can only get worse.
you will have to send a better by mail kids had be typing instead of writing.
in ancient times people believed
certain books, movies, magazines, etc.
we also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods.
no i do not think that some of these materials should be removed.
plus the person who wrote or made the object would be shot down ( of sadness or rejection).
some of the lyrics can really offend people.
it has all facilities a good school should have-well furnished classrooms, laboratories, library, and playground.
when they are expected, they do not cause much harm.
i think that we should not even censor the content because i feel like that is making people wanting to know why they censored it in the first place.
for example he feels doubtful when he has hardly any water and has no clue where he is or where he is going to end up.
this number is greatly increasing due to poor education opportunities, lack of interest in education, and lack of resources in the .
we each have our own specific reasons for using them.
i have named her birdie.
having cereals every day would keep us away from many illnesses.
in conclusion, the cyclist hit many obstacles that made his trip harder then what he thought.
you should be happy from what town you are from.
it all depends on the situation where this material is distributed in.
his mood was affected and he started to lose confidence and hope.
they learn how to exercise.
so why even have authors write something offensive in their books?
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
so we need to think about ourselves and our children and try to clean up our acts a little bit.
it should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out.
the reason why one book is removed could relate to another book and could get that one to be removed also.
you work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some.
i think other materials in libraries such as music and art should stay active in public libraries or school libraries.
when i was young i would always want to be read to and when i continued to age i would always read.
secondly, computers are important because they give people the ability to learn about and discover people & places that are new to them.
movies are like books but you get a visual of whats going on.
many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents.
can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user?
these concepts exist in the world and censoring them will not make them disappear.
the features of the setting have a huge effect on the cyclist.
are great because you keep in touch with you family and friends.
the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well.
some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society.
we have today the great epics in the form of scriptures and literature.
all you gotta do is talk to them online.
he always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
now, but if people keep taking books off the shelf because they find something wrong with it, then our freedom is taken away.
what could have taken months by letters in the mail took as little as one hour to do over the .
i was to scared to see how long the other lists were.
does this mean that i think anything and everything should be put in our public libraries?
first, computer let learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms.
for example, computers would really help someone if they are looking for a job because their are many stores you get to choose from.
some people might not like some things because of what they have in it or on them, but most of it is history.
dear , people are using computers all the time but computers help us all the time in positive ways.
or perhaps the parents do not care about what their children have access to.
the cyclist might pass out or suffer a heat stroke.
i know from personal experiences, that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully people.
this caused him to become tired and frustrated.
the former quote was found in paragraph described the pride and gratefulness of the home in which the author lived.
some people go to the libraries just for censorship.
dear , in your newspaper, i read an article that sparked my interest.
finally it makes you more social.
no responsible parent would be caught dead with a year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so.
inappropriate material can have bad influences on kids.
four of us reached there, three gents and one lady.
so i figured out the hard way.
if people want to get it they can, but it would be at there own risk.
so, if every author wants to express something through their writing, then why should we not let them be heard.
you say you are going to play for minutes but they are so addicting you play for hours.
it was july, the schools had reopened.
also, obesity numbers have increased greatly since the invention of personal computer and the internet.
the effects computers have on people are beneficial.
but whats the problem here?
with all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it?
the kid section is a section that all kids can use, because we know that that section of books would be harmless to kids.
the author had concluded this story with this paragraph to make it as if they were on a clean slate like they had started over.
there is always something wrong with something.
of schools around the country benefit from having school computers for research.
he admired their courage.
kids love to go to the library to get books and just hang out with friends.
and one final way i know he had a happy mood, is that he said everyone was honest and hard working.
computers give people the ability to learn about other people and places.
who would want to sit back and watch a raciest movie?
those can get the books and them to help them solve there problems.
people who support computer usage might say.
sometimes she spends nights and nights without sleeping.
for example, in seventh grade i moved from to .
almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer.
if there was movie that was made that was racist against people the government would probably censor it.
for example my dad works for and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world.
can you take these ideas away from those who wish to think them?
any parent would tell you that they would strongly dislike the idea of their child reading something very detailed and adult like.
memories of her grandmother make her sad but in away make her happy.
education and personality development courses are oriented around disciplining the energies of man to make the best of him.
sometimes just the reading is read wrong and misunderstood.
when he came to a fork in his path that had a water pump he immediately began to pump it the water was not good for drinking.
would you want to keep things like that in your libraries?
allowing children and their parents to feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library.
that is because they would start looking at it more.
so my point that i would to come across is that use you computer wisely.
although, it might offend some people they have a choice whether they should see, watch, listen, and read it.
the author mood and body were greatly affected by that features of the setting.
in other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming.
due to this, computers are , without a doubt, beneficial to society.
there are extremes to pieces of media where one sometimes must ask, ' were they thinking when they made that?'
with all these obstacles in his way, he was able to achieve his goal of getting water.
it really puts a bad influence on everyone.
they use my all parts for their various purposes.
computers can and will take away family and friend time.
he arrived at the first town which was a ghost town.
no i do not figure that.
the response i got from those people, were unbelievable.
birdie is light brown in colour.
it quicker, and more reliable.
you must go out and enjoy nature.
finding an appropriate book is not the problem.
in the cyclists opinion things began pretty well.
also it will help you get more information on homework and you can get a better grade.
plus they can be helpful with homework.
that i could drop from heat stroke.
thanks to the computer i got accurate information.
now lets get started with skill.
i hope one day we can all turn off out computers for good.
you could buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a .
this means the cyclist is going to put forth more energy to make it up these hills.
a recent study shows that people who actually went to the grand canyon could write a page essay on what they had learned.
the tent was decorated with colorful lights.
those people know that books teach us, and we need books to know is possible, happened, and might happen.
if they do not like it, then do not read it.
in a public library a person should have the right to read whatever he or she pleases.
people are people and everyone should be treated the same.
censorship is somewhat the same way.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
he uses every offensive language known to mankind.
he followed their directions and little did he know that he should have stuck to his original directions.
yes it was a disappointment to her mother but she sort of understood why she brought the plant home.
second, when.
she really likes the hibiscus and when the hibiscus goes back to life in the spring, she will have new energy to take the test again.
everyday when i come home from school, i find myself going straight inside and to the computer from there, i log into and .
whether it is profane, or offensive in any way, there is always some kind of meaning behind it.
if some one wants to read a book with curse words in it or anything like that then let them.
of course not!
offensive materials should not be taken out of libraries, these kind of materials should just have rules.
there is no way to get those back, either.
i moved again.
her mother never wanted to talk about him because, she knew that this way only going to make matters worse.
so, with this way i would really like if there was a scale, or organization of books.
but are books.
i think that it all can be fixed if you have certain sections, , and my views on the censorship of .
i strongly disagree with this.
the features cause him to consider he die soon, as well as present a variety of challenges to him.
you never have to worry about not knowing whats going on.
every person has their own right and if they want to listen to that music then they should be able to.
on television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff.
dear , i believe that using computers has a benefit to the community.
the heat dehydrates the cyclist even faster.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show if they can adapt then she can too.
so in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library.
no we should not have to take certain things off of library shelves.
i believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today.
this might not even work, but its worth a try!
but i am also the kind of person who sees words that are to offensive for people to read.
she did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library.
censoring a book is taking that persons ability to learn about, and understand a certain topic that was censored.
struggling financially and personally.
they can work for whatever company right from their home computer.
to the main character, friendships and home is very important to him.
the books that they would get rid of would be because of the children.
the second problem is the cyclist lack of water.
people should be happy about the computer invention.
this rapid spread of the news saved many lives in as people immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed to help.
lets go farther on.
all in all we cannot get extinguish the flames of our past or we never have a future
it also says that they learned the real definition of family.
first off, computers provide you with communication skills.
all of them you can communicate in different ways.
it relaxes you, pumps you up, it is used for parties, events, and so many other things.
secondly, it allows people to talk online with friends.
would you, a teacher, want to get sick with no fresh air or be healthy working out doors?
dear, of the has come to my concern that many people are debating on whether computers benefit our society or not.
even your front yard is full of nature, and you will be getting some (not all) exercise at the same time.
so why should we let anyone stop us from being ourselves?
if we were to take away every thing that someone in the world finds offensive, there would be nothing left.
computers not only help people in school but at home too.
first, computers have bad effects on people because it makes you unhealthy.
dear readers, some of you might think people exercise computers.
there are lots of books about freedom fighters, warriors, kings, etc.
they are also kept in water parks and tourist spots to perform tricks.
there will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer.
in conclusion no type of material should be removed because it has been found offensive.
another way is through video chat.
the sun was very hot on a summers day and without water makes it even difficult to keep moving because he was so hot and thirsty.
for this reason even older such as find computers weird.
if you need to learn about the of , all you have to do is type in it.
i believe that there should be a little censorship in libraries.
but i disagree.
this quotation is important because it shows that he has told them he admires them.
take for example your newspaper.
secondly, computers give people the ability to form about places and people.
i could make that.
it all depends on the maturity that people have when they enter a library.
one thing is certain, i will not.
first family friends can communicate from a far distance.
everyone is different.
at first the man starts out at a reservoir camp ground.
this shows that he is grateful of his culture.
the passengers rushed to board the train.
as an using as well in school.
if the people feel that they are that offensive then they should bring it up with the and find a solution instead of getting rid of these items.
i bet people all over the world have read offensive books.
dear newspaper , people are now using computers.
make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read.
the computer, next to the , is probably the number one thing that makes people fat.
so, computers are very popular, in many areas computers are helpful in news, communication, and entertainment.
the towns he comes to are so deserted he thinks he is going in the wrong direction.
another obstacle during his trip are the hills.
there are millions of libraries throughout the world and thousands of items in each of those libraries.
the violates the separation of church and state.
firstly, they help people find information.
secondly, which everyone needs is another important thing to look into.
because certain materials in the objects listed can start off bad behavior.
it also helps you make new friends.
water in a sense in this story is a metaphor to his life, and is the source for him living.
another problem was the condition of the terrain.
they might start it lost minute.
he was saving up his energy and his water.
dear , i have found that there has been a strong censorship in the libraries and i would like to express my strong disagreement for these actions.
when their playing tag and hide an go seek , so movies, books , music, and magazines play a big part on the way they behave.
basically, the books will be put into sections depending on what they are rated just like a movie.
i go for a morning walk regularly.
this is not a hard decision to make.
many references to home was made throughout the piece because home is a place of comfort and happiness.
to conclude, the internet holds a very strong role in our daily lives.
such as books, magazines, and catalogs, but are all of these appropriate for the crowd that dwindle around a library?
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
when libraries pull books, magazines, movies, and music off of their shelves it takes away that right.
more and more people use computers everyday.
well, for numerous people, computers are their lives.
i hope you agree on my topic.
if were to look up information about the government on the internet, that person would not find a lot of useful information.
its not fair to the author.
also it should be up to the library whether or not they want to remove some of their material.
a way to help with this problem is to move offensive material to a higher shelf.
magazines can help us with research or just to now what is happening in this world today.
so as you can see i have made an opinion on what they should do either keep the books, magazines, or movies off the shelf.
computers are also good for social networks.
libraries provide us with knowledge, entertainment, and peace.
a doctor’s profession is noble.
if not for the amazing of computers that me back, i would still do exercise, only to after about a week.
so, yes, computers are good for people.
when one book is taken down it only brings other ones into question.
computers also let people learn new things.
some parents of children say that their child has became more offensive towards others, when others people think it is just bad parenting.
certain people would take offense to a book that was against what they believed in.
along his ride he meets some old but confident men.
now the needs money to keep books and other items in stock and so they can repair them if necessary.
a lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
they both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc.
the setting around him also made him have negative thoughts.
all terms of offense are based on an opinion.
there are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit.
finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it.
l could drop from a heatstroke.
also if you do have one than reading this persuade you into getting one.
censorship on books and other materials in libraries would be a very negative thing.
the hibiscus will be budding which means that she herself will branch out and learn more.
we have the technology, why not use it?
censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have that right to chose.
dear newspaper, the world that we live in today is full of technology.
anyway you think about the computer is a good thing to invest in.
in our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all of these cultures came together in great solidarity and friendship.
this affected him because he would get thirsty and eventually he ran out of water.
dear , people have computers in there house hold but they disagrees with a computer can help you.
another thing in the setting was the building.
if you are on the computer you on family friend time that could be being used as a fishing trip or a walk in the woods.
we need computers like we need water.
it depends on a persons personal views or beliefs.
the road was also rough, plagued with many rolling, crippling hills.
one person could think the material is offensive, but someone else might want to learn more about it.
computers help people through there trouble.
first, i think some of the music they play and listen to can be a little graphic.
fighting and killing is not good.
these words set the tone for the rest of the memoir in which love in helping the community are key themes.
i disagree that media materials should be taken of shelves for being offensive.
many books have things people disagree with, but expressing this is a part of freedom of speech.
i have a uncle that lives in .
sitting out on the front porch in a wooden rocking chair.
material with too much threat in it make one feel like their life is in danger or like something bad is going to happen.
these websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans.
the staff and people there get so mad if kids are laughing or talking about something.
father was scammed, or connect on the .
computers make things a lot easier for a lot of people.
they either do or do not know that they have offensive content in their library.
get out your chair, turn off the computer get up.
this would be a wonderful thing to do they should not have stuff like that in a library in the first place.
this delayed him and took time to cycle around.
computers have allowed us to communicate with our family that live somewhere we cant afford to travel to.
okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them.
the author tells us that the road turned into hills and bumps.
i could get a book removed because it offends me.
when purchasing items online, you never really know what your going to get.
that can lead to fatness.
in paragraph four, it says how they would always have family members over for dinner.
another big problem is education.
plus, computers are great for research.
you cant always censor that.
depending on what sort of new terrain or landmark he came to,his determination increases and decreases.
the fact that something could be banned for something so trivial is a frightening thought.
everyone seemed to of already have friends for years and here i was, a new student with no friends to communicate with.
also you can talk to people around the world.
one time i played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds.
she means that when everything returns and proves they survive, she will too.
some experts say this is a bad thing and that we should spend more time outdoors.
but these things can be done by government alone as these require big resources, organization and manpower.
if there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is.
if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated.
that would not be fair to everyone else that goes to that library.
will she go home?
communication would not be a problem in fact it has mainly caused trouble.
the can talk to other the world.
in the process of deciding what books are offensive and which are not offensive, all books will eventually be eliminated.
some teens would be horrified of looking through these books and others would be fascinated by it.
even though the narrator buys the plant in sadness, after she fails her driving test and is missing her home, it is still a symbol of hope.
it is obvious that the author feels very strongly about the good relationships his family had with the other immigrants around them.
for the reason that anyone can be offended, so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad.
my outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive.
i think it would be appropriate for some rules to be developed or some guidelines to be created.
the need for a , , or laptop is obviously great when you work.
i do not believe so.
in the memoir he grew up in a kitchen full of people who taught him to love cooking.
one reason why i believe that should stay on the shelves.
introduction – planning- gardening – house improvement – reading – conclusion.
then you never know what there parents wanted them to know at a young age like that.
certain materials such as magazines and movies that are rated for instance, should be placed elsewhere on the shelves immediately.
my first reason that computers are a positive device to have is they can give you extra knowledge.
lastly, people are losing their desire to do everyday things.
they might really like the book or whatever it is.
what race are you?
this way, no points are deducted for wrong spellings.
for example, he says the sun was beginning to beat down, but i barely noticed it.
books about abortion give us an idea about how horrible it is or how it can not only effect the women who go through with it.
people are mature enough to be able to handle offensive material.
to catch up with friends, or to talk something with another.
remember the words of shakespeare.
the text says, somewhere in the neighborhood of two hundred degrees.
so what if all the non sense things have caught your attention.
and that was something that they could find in .
also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation.
in , censorship in libraries should be able to post or shelve anything they want.
online people can communicate with others.
remember though to not stay on too long.
why ' the librarians put restrictions on the sites?
even simple things like a virus or a slow upload could and will cause stress, in fact have a stress issue due to computers.
the text shows how exhausted he is by the winds eating at him when he dies.
you can not do the thing, in the pleasant air of nature.
as he pedal on the sun was beginning to beat down but i barely noticed it.
one example is when they talk about all being a family and letting people stay.
that is why it is recommended to make sections in the library.
i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean.
the winter hibiscus symbolizes her fondness of the place she used to live before.
whats more is that they can be in the bedroom or room.
this is a book that at my age, i should of never came across.
computers are very important to people who work with them.
maybe, even changed your minds or gave you a different way of thinking about computers.
it is a step up from talking on the phone.
if we all had the power to take videos we disliked off the site, there would be none left for us to watch.
first of all, we have a right to say, read, write, and watch what we want, as long as it is not slandering someone.
aim is a good way to talk to friends and plan get together.
all of this is a symbol of a new beginning for her.
without computers it will be different because you have to talk to people on the phone or text message.
finally, say someone wants to learn about for fun: they type in look at all the websites, choose the best one, and start reading.
even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers.
everyone has their rights and if writing, music, and videos are putting them down they should have the right for it to be taken from access.
if you spend your time on the computer you would not be able to help nature.
this is quite possibly one of the last things i would think of causing a problem, if i even thought of this at all.
dear , i strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community.
in my opinion, no.
it could have some things in it that people could find offensive.
the last example was that he grateful for his parents sacrifice and love.
computers can also help us in school.
they say you are involved with what you read.
girls today wish to be ultra modern, very rich and up-to-date in fashions and feasting.
, in my opinion, the effects computers have on people are good.
i am just concerned about some things people can get so easily without any censoring.
computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate.
we learn from seeing what you guys do.
all in all, i think that the material should just simply be taken off of the shelves.
(unless you have a bad internet connection) you think these reasons are making a good argument?
therefore, why censor
she vowed to herself that when the day comes again she will be ready to renew herself and get back on track.
there are a lot of fun things you can do outside like climb a tree or going fruit picking.
lets just say someone asks you who was the president of the where would you go to find that answer?
in this world, diversity exists everywhere.
if both are talented, they may not be equally so.
because the computer is just words being texted.
the bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes.
in school there have been many times where kids got the chance to read case after case about people trying to get some of the best books banned.
anyway, the dog is the first animal which went to space too.
this is what i think the authors mood is in the memoir.
in the very beginning of his journey he came across a ghost town.
knowledge about the rest of the world is even more important.
they could be offensive or not.
parents need to face the fact that their kids are going to be exposed to offensive things in imperfect world of ours.
as time goes on people are taking religion more and more serious.
this tells that the computer is just good at all.
should that be the new normal?
this advantage is allowing friendships and relationships to continue, is that really bad?
if this is a library no, but if it is a library, yes.
i had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to !
many kids are adamant about it, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to get it done.
her helper teacher.
also, surfing the web for news or funny videos is fun sometimes.
the kids will see more nature and be bale to learn more about animals.
the three topics are children, , and religion.
life would be very hard without them.
the animals, and the food they eat.
from my point of view, time is a big thing.
my second reason is that, even though computers are often thought of as destroying , can build social lives.
on a computer you can interact with others from around the world and make new friends.
the hibiscus allowed her to get over the changes in life.
i love it immensely.
once they put something out there they cannot take it away.
no opinion or view is right or wrong.
for example a person of higher authority find a particular book, magazine, or movie inappropriate due to their values and beliefs.
the author grew up loving his home filled with culture and family.
is not offensive the whole way through.
if your child reads that book with vulgar language and illegal activities, you are most likely going to be upset.
some, always offend people for many reasons.
in addition to schoolwork, computers are a great place to look when you need information.
the books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn to do things.
i have read many books that have inappropriate words in them.
now, that fact bring me to my next point.
the author also writes.
one of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate a certain location you want to go to.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was happiness and gratitude.
this is just one step need to take to get a healthier lifestyle.
have had racial slurs in it, but if one considers the time and place of the novel, these slurs were normal for the time.
you use computers to write, play games, look at pictures, and print work out.
we, as a community, should love one another and respect them.
generations, one after the other, have enjoyed them.
i am also sure that over time we will find a old copy of a book on a website.
the internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens.
when he is recollecting memories from his childhood he shows how there was a lot of happiness in their home.
the author could have had many reasons to conclude the story with this paragraph.
however, i said that computer help people learn about thing that happen in the word.
finally, they could be shut out from the world if everything is kept from them because of censorship.
the word serenity gives the affect of calm and peace.
such as staying organized, studies, and even entertainment.
a novel or song be pleasing to people, but should it be extinguished from the record store or library because of one person?
also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you?
i think that libraries should not remove material such as book, music, movies, magazines.
the fire was spreading fast.
art should not be censored at all.
first, i think know book should be taking off on any shelf of any library.
and when he saw the factory and stopped.
i can tell he is very proud of his parents because they gave up everything to come to so their children could have better lives.
for family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have.
later on, his parents come home to see their son acting out of the ordinary.
this saying teaches us the value of time.
so was wise in her observation.
suddenly, the bus stopped.
this effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch.
my opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out.
this is both good and bad.
so, to all the people who think that computer help anyone well reasons why computer can help someone.
that is what makes this country great.
it will only further advance us as a society in the end.
the only way these mature arts can be shared without conflict is through public libraries.
if it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child.
without it, these days, just about everybody would be lost!
if the books are censored then i would have no sources to get information from.
later in life, when things are bad for them, they will realized on how many fantastic things they missed.
theses books all have history in them of our past.
we should spend more time with friends family or go outside, and enjoy nature.
students would rather go on the computer.
i used to think that talking with someone.
every piece of literature that has ever been written documents a portion of history of the human race.
yes, i think that some books should be taken out of all libraries.
he is like a friend and guide to the students.
in order to do this you need a web.
some people dislike them but they have good reasons why.
everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them.
that is my final reason of the bad effects a computer has.
also, they have friends that go over for dinner and often bring some food over with them.
has it really helped us?
the third reason is for help.
thanks to internet, i have been able to keep in touch with them.
they can search inappropriate words ad pictures and no one would ever know.
you can see you favorite shows and moves.
we could use what we learned to discover new things and help us to make the community, as a whole, .
in conclusion the mood to wards the article i think happens to be grateful.
what should be done about the books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some of the people?
so my answer for removing offensive things would have to be yes and no.
dear newspaper, people are spending to much time on their computers.
man’s conquests over nature tell us about his great powers of mind.
some computers can help you, you can take school, learn how to write essays, learn how to read, and much more.
the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends.
after a while he starts to get tired.
stay in one room doing the thing for books for a in a while people need fresh air.
children learn about drugs in movies, books, and can hear about them in music.
i hope our children or any other children take this book off the shelf because it would be offensive or demeaning to the race of me or the children.
as a student and a teenager i know i am using mine way more than i need to.
so obviously, computers are a great influence on society.
of the shelf of a library, or anywhere else those items are displayed.
she also spent on a plant because it remind her of back at home.
when he saw a building he became happy but when he found out it was run down he was sad, thirsty, and tired.
computers can allow you to learn new things and search up anything you want to know.
probably angry or upset.
computers can provide people with ways to research things.
people like accountants use computer for there job.
for example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information.
might not be running but its fun.
a great way to help encourage to join a sports team or a club.
censorship is just a fancy term for blatant disregard of the , as freedom of speech is guaranteed for all citizens.
we had to find certain books in our school library, using this system, as an assignment.
this really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling.
faith-healing cured many patients miraculously.
we ignore it and watch or read something that we do not find offensive.
then, you had to wait at least weeks before your pen pal wrote back.
this features of the setting causes further disappointment to the cyclist and installs more doubt into his mind.
i think that children and other people should be able to read and listen to stuff without it offending others.
items like that should be sold in a separate store.
no one really goes for walks any more either.
suddenly i heard a loud noise.
libraries are a key essential to learning and helping those with reading skills.
in trying construct a monument, the government and culture find that they have little to build off of.
lets face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers.
when people think about computers the first thing they think of is games.
a student in saw their grades improve from a + to a + just spending less time on the computer and more.
i would keep that type of books, music or movies might you ask?
he describes how all immigrants left their country just to give their children better lives.
the hibiscus also symbolize her because it has faced adversity also.
sometimes, we wait for him impatiently.
she knows that the flower will bud and the geese will return in the spring and that is what she must do.
it could have language, racial slurs, or anything else one might find offensive.
it is not my thing.
there is also no risk of anyone reading your mail.
one laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze.
also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends.
secondly computers help people learn new things.
the overall mood of the story was happy because it explained their happiness, struggle, courage, good outcome, and beloved memories.
the author had so much admiration of his parents strength and perseverance.
firstly, people are spending too much their time surfing the net.
they were able to catch the man.
they will not be able to change that person by taking out offensive movies or books.
in had a front page spread to promote the use of computers instead of books.
later on the setting was against him.
fire!”, i got up and saw our neighbor’s house on fire.
this is another big concern for people in .
from stocks to instant messaging () people have based important decisions in their life based on what they have read.
they both are search engines.
i think that if something is found offensive then they should be in a special aisle.
even students do not want to exercise when they could be spending time on the computer.
my hobby has helped me to take great interest in history and geography.
for some, this is their only way of communication.
i can do this because at night when one one can go outside i go on the computer for school or for fun.
in conclusion the mood for this memoir is happy and grateful.
i remember as a child of seven or eight going to the library all the time with my mother.
personally i have read some disturbing books also watched some grotesque and twisted, disturbing rated movies.
each person has their own say of what material they choose to consume, and nobody else has the right to tell them otherwise.
i noticed that she tried to keep me from getting certain books and was fine with others.
another feature computers have is that they can actually educate.
no history will be know but what is passed down.
here are my three reasons having a computer is a good thing.
that and the lack of water.
they mostly were memories of good past times and how he grew up in a loving and caring family.
there is nobody to tell them what is wrong and right so some kids might not know.
society needs computers in order to look up crucial information.
what society needs.
it also gives me exercise.
another thing libraries need to watch are magazines.
in fact, it is known that computers can immensely improve your reflexes.
some kids even get killed because they go out and try these dumb ideas they got from the book and or movie.
then, he continues moving on the road.
people of all different ages and anyone is welcome to come in the library.
libraries always need advice.
almost everyone has a email now.
when a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise.
there are many ways we can track the content of the things we can checkout.
this also means that there are smaller incisions being made, so that means a faster recovery.
if, perhaps, more books had ratings such as movies do, an cubicle could be created instead of allowing young people to have access to such vulgarity.
a library has many different things found in it: books, magazines, movies, and some have music.
in a house with too many servants or masters, there wiil be no order.
when he got to the town he was hoping he could get more water and take a break but when he got there the town was abandoned.
the setting causes difficult problems for the cyclist and tough hazards.
the author concludes this story because it shows her determination.
next, even the music today placed in libraries is not good clean music.
she would succeed in the spring.
lastly there was a mood of family.
this is also an example of fear that started over coming him, when he saw even more changes.
it is a very negative effect.
in urban areas, we can see people keep taps open.
newspaper will no longer be thrown at your front porch.
they take out the books that have bad words or pictures in them.
if you have a negative opinion on what it said then you will not even look at the next time you go by there.
another reason the author might end the story with that paragraph is to have a effect on the reader.
you should not teach you children off of things like that it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on.
last weekend, my father wanted to take us out somewhere.
sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us.
computers can harm relationships, finances and your personal life more than you would think!
this includes the earthquake.
they would not have all of these donations.
when it got published and you read it and you took it offensive.
there are other types of fruit trees as well.
we all have a right to read, watch, and listen to anything we please.
people should have the right to read what they want to.
this line describes the mood as extremely loving and touching because he is showing how much love he dedicates to his parents for the life he lived.
fortunately, exposed the horrific processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and solved the problem.
i say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate.
so you can go on google and find a picture to go with you project.
some people like certain movies such as action, comedy, romance, or drama.
the book would not bring the same meaning as it would if it is being changed
when the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there.
sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.
therefore i am very proud to have a friend like oliver.
computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard.
this means that we can publish anything, no matter the inappropriateness of the matter.
my first major reason is it can and does help hand eye coordination every day.
this allows people more time to go have fun with their lives and not have to worry about plannings.
words like ramshackle and rusty.
it is opening because it says we let anyone we consider family stay over for however long period of time.
libraries are for children, and adults of all ages.
the setting affects the cyclist because the hotter it is the more water you need to keep you hydrated, but the man is alone in the desert.
childhood is very impressionable age.
for example the author of the book or magazine some how relates to them, and they probably made it so other people could relate to them also.
we never feel alone in the company of books.
the last mood that their was was harsh and sacrifice.
they are an advance in technology, and they have some positive effects.
the library should give the child a certain amount of time to return the book.
for example, most schools have their students use computers for research.
sometime those things are peoples life and all they do.
however, the most prominent seasons are summer, winter and rainy seasons.
both of these things you can do without a computer.
they always helped out people in need.
not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the armed forces.
i could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country.
it can our spirit when we are depressed.
if i was in his situation i would feel hopeless.
so what do you think?
he often told them that what they did was a much more courageous thing than i could have ever done.
dear newspaper, i think that the effects are okay as long as we get off the computers and go outside and see some friends and get some exercise.
when online, students can receive help from fellow students, teachers, and even experts!
also, think of the handwriting factor.
censorship tends to ruin the movies that most people love.
which how internet can help you.
what happens when a child wants to know more than she does?
this shows that computers give terrible effects on society.
then i saw a little child playing on the flute.
some people think computers are good things to have cause its fast and easy.
there are fore my parents love him very much.
if they do not like what they see, then put it down.
i think that because people should be having fun, socializing with people, and living there life!
another feature has it was hot which means he was losing water because it either evaporated or he was drinking it.
in fact if we could scan people to find addiction of the population would be addicted to computers.
three features i found were the lack of the water, the heat and the conditions and limits of the road.
because children pick up everything they hear and see
authors and artists of books, movies, and music have the freedom to put into them whatever they choose.
the last most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because it allows people to communicate with each other.
ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?
no, for until people recognize a problem and furthermore are reminded of how wrong it was they will not understand it.
they want all the guys to stair.
you can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and.
the rode was all messed up.
every special interest group wants to ban a certain type of material.
if the person thinks a movie or book is offensive to them, then do not check it out!
that is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
they might be paying a bill by the computer.
for many kids, no matter what age, they only rent books from a library for two main reasons: pleasure and projects.
take a chance on the computer, stop the negativity and a pleasant surprise will come your way.
the human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology.
there are a kitchen, a bathroom and a storehouse in our house.
when you sit at a computer than eventually you are going to make yourself sick and in some cases die if you were up that late.
that is that great thing about technology.
you feel their pain.
another way computers are beneficial is they bring everyone together.
censoring would take away the chances for our future generations to become inspired by these books.
on a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click.
sure riding a bike might be easy, but being a cyclist is so much more difficult.
she gave me a for a project grade.
another reason i believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless.
that is unjust, unfair, and unconstitutional.
i think that libraries will have more business with the offensive things then without.
have you ever had to write a report?
so she could possibly pass out without brake, and the hot temperatures.
first and foremost, computers allow people to talk to friends and family.
the more that becomes unknown, the more we have to fear.
it shows that she is persistent, determined, and strong willed.
the author would not have chosen a better conclusion for this story.
for students in any grade level and any class, research projects are going to be assigned by a teacher.
i think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research.
it was time for school.
thirdly, they would check the weather in .
sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information.
on this issue, the other readers' opinions on specific books being removed are being significantly overlooked.
i wanted to sit in one of those big planes.
many children get their acts from books, movies, and magazines but most get their acts from something different.
it is his duty to protect the life and property of the people.
he advises us in every moment of difficulty.
computers help prevent this in several way.
do activities keep you mind off things?
parents and teachers are always pushing their kids to go out, read and learn new topics other than what is being taught in the classroom or at home.
nobody made her watch , she chose to watch .
during the spring season, nature is at its best.
also the terrain he is riding is not the easiest.
interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun.
dear local newspaper, i disagree with the affects that computers have on kids.
they should be removed because offensive things can lead to more dramatic things.
how can one take that freedom away from another?
when a person is on the internet, there is no limitation to him or her.
an example is .
supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon, and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out.
libraries need to get rid of these book and movies because it is badly influencing the children in the world.
i started reading .
have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived?
she believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read.
men, women, and children were hurrying home.
but the computer is one gadget that does not benefit society.
the setting of the cyclist affected him by making him very hot & drinking his water & he would soon run out of water & dehydrate.
also, books should be more readily available.
but what if a close friend moves away?
people trying to censor entertainment and look into the best interest of their loved ones is perfectly fine, but you cant blindfold them forever.
dear newspaper people, !
the book was such a great story and should be read by many people and should not be kept in a storage room in boxes.
then some people read so fast they do not comprehend it correctly.
the computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!
another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world.
the main reason somethings should get pulled off the shelf of the local library or school library is if the book was really damaged.
the lack of exercise is increasing fast.
some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library.
just like how has a new song out.
you see how he goes from house to home that then you know is a happy place for them.
their attention is more on the watch than what the teacher is trying to teach.
the computer give you the wrong info.
they try to rush their life and be somebody they not meant to be.
so yes, take the offensive books off and there will be no problems.
with the technology and all the other things, children are more vulnerable to these harsh words and actions.
there are a lot of different websites you can go to that you can search for one of your family members or friends.
just because you think the music a person listens to is offensive does not mean they think the same.
also helps with everyday needs like and homework.
as long as those books, music, magazines, movies, etc, are put in the right section.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
it keeps us healthy.
for example if you are listening to a sad song, you feel sad or depressed.
they want to do the same thing you do, so they copy you.
putting books on public shelves for the public to read, can very easily cause outbursts and debates between people who have opposite opinions.
for example some people play world of war craft get addicted and cant stop!
in the essay it states, wide rings of dried sweat circled my shirt, and the growing realization that i could drop from a heatstroke.
what will happen to the authors who wrote the books that are now banned?
television is basically the same for movies.
in this period, they do not eat at the day time.
a second reason is it generally makes everything .
finally this positive mood is shown through setting, which sounds happy and is described as nice.
but we can prevent this if we the of time people out spend on computers.
a person that come in the library daily want to read that book because that is the type of books that the man likes.
they do not understand that what they do not be a good thing.
she works harder since she knows without water, her life is in danger.
books, music, and movies are being taken off of shelves around the globe, because they are found offensive.
in conclusion, computers provide an abundances of uses.
which is parental guidance or and up.
why should information and knowledge be with held from people?
in the beginning he had a positive attitude but once he arrived at the first town his attitude started to go down from there.
in fact, computers are so useful, some schools are starting to notice.
instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster.
as you can see, the weather the computer world have saved him a trip to the emergency room.
some people believe that they should be removed depending on how bad the offense is.
it is a rich source of calcium, protein, fat and vitamin c.
the horizon kept him hopeful and determined.
you just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing.
books that are found inappropriate to children or even teenagers should be reconsidered to be removed off shelves that are exposed to children or teenagers.
books are things you read.
i believe we could organize our books, movies, music, and magazines in a different way.
the biggest company need an computer even the need them they are big in you company.
also, the heat: first, the terrain affects the cyclist.
plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids.
you might need the computer to search up things for a project.
this is usually where people will claim that the law protects their freedom of speech.
it effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology.
statistically saying out of jobs in the state use a computer or technology relating to a computer hardware.
now, this.
there are all kinds of books, movies, and even magazines out there.
rice is the staple food in all the asian countries.
also, the changed terrain affected how much water he drank and how hard he had worked just to get up that one long hill.
like if it has to deal with sex or violence they should be taken off shelves.
he would live on, telling people not to listen to old men.
like i said before if libraries take away offensive material book, its like taking away a good book from a reader.
also his lack of water was a problem to begin with.
plus you can find a safe home with it.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was simply love.
they will not have their own views, and will be largely ignorant to the world around them.
without this coordination, people would not survive.
the last reason is that kids get bad eye sight from it.
another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called .
it can smell any danger.
get off you computers and go outside!
you can explore nature on the computer.
the features of the setting effect the cyclist by teasing him.
or ' that ball, you meanie!'?
some people even go to school over the computer and get a degree in something.
whenever they catch the prey, they are killed by crushing.
in the essay rough road ahead the setting is able to affect the cyclists emotions and moods in both positive and negative ways.
we have gotten to the point where there is so much out there that it is nearly impossible to do.
once again, magazines can contain some graphic content, and should only be kept from anyone under eighteen.
this is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing.
for example people past, and blog lies about people online.
then i study for some time.
next the hills and roads, over one long, crippling hill.
they will get addicted to the computer.
it also has a very loving tone to it.
dear local newspaper, you like a place where you can control what you and where you go?
i think people should get their schoolwork done and get off.
that is how the setting affect the cyclist.
they showed me with their lives, and these teachings have been the basic of my life.
computers help everyone a lot.
this quote is used by many parents trying to encourage their children or by coaches to motivate their time.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because they caused him to need water.
she kept say how much she was thankful for having such great parents and a great house.
so that shows that the computer can be fun, but also dangerous.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that technologies for kids and adults to use computers.
the past experiences of our lives often influence things in our life, weather we consciously know it or not.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips, the author states when his fresh water supply begins to run out.
some people say that computers make you not be able to see while.
its your own choice on how you raise your kids but other parents think that you should have an imagination instead of the same old, same old.
have you ever taken a nice walk in the park?
one card is just to check out regular books.
finally, stated that overuse of computers have led to a very negative affect on the eyesight of their workers.
in conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play.
books, music, movies, magazines there is a reason why they are out there and it could teach you something new so why not learn it.
parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize.
a world with a full education, for our children to take advantage of and a place where we can stay with each other all the time.
a instance of the environmental setting affecting the cyclist is i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
all they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that.
if libraries have to do that then so should all the other entertainment industries.
even if you and call some one they not be home or answer.
chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults.
being on the computer takes a lot out on the body.
that one thing being, pieces of are taken away because of their offensiveness.
books and music have bad language but very rarely have bad images or other things like that.
all in all censorship in the libraries should be a rule but to only the books worth keeping not these horrific books
this is also helpful because if you are working on a project, and your mom cant you to get books at library, then there you go!
something that is offensive to one person or a group of people not be found offensive by another person or group of people.
instant , would all have drifted apart and never talked again.
if something is considered offensive, why put it in a library anyway if its going to be open to anyone in the public, including children?
they also show unity by explaining how close everyone in his neighborhood and family are.
some experts say that people spend too much time on the computer and while that be true to some people, its not true to everyone.
are the ones who should be reading those kinds of books, not their children.
you just need to get used to their surroundings.
dear local , people have been using computers for years.
you are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise.
you need to relax and just take a brake.
as more and more abandoned buildings and deserted towns appeared he went into despair.
i agree that some things should not be displayed on shelves at libraries.
not everyone is going to like every book or every type of music that is out there.
some ask what a library is, well they are good places to go.
he is grateful that his parents give up everything that they had just to give him a better life.
so she motivates her self at the end of the story to try again.
i would be too.
once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back.
the causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games.
my answer to that is no you should not.
in doing so i believe that only that certain item should be taken away from that certain group of people.
what children see they imitate, even in the first couple years of their lives.
since the time children are in grade school, they learn typing on a keyboard.
i think that kids will be better off learning about things that they need to know by the time middle school starts.
computers and other technology make the way easier.
if the cyclist does not see any buildings, he would not be able to tell where he is and he might get lost because of it.
this nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely helpful to those that they appeal to.
like we went to a hot exotic place, mom looked it up to see what we should pack to go there.
the cyclist ended up making it and he realized what a big effect nature can have on you.
we as have the right to speak our voice, from two different perspectives.
the setting of the cyclist was harsh, the weather was too intense to be cycling your heart out all day .
they help us with homework, let us talk to friends, and even help us do our projects!
he knew he should have taken the right way, instead of trying a short cut that he now realizes is abandoned and dangerous.
for instance, say we did take away all the offensive materials what is that going to do?
he was so thirsty that he would drink hot water.
i believe that if a person is over the age of , they should be able to take out any book they want and have it be uncensored.
writing letters is to slow, on computer the other person your talking to can reply immediately.
the flower dies in the winter is brought back to life in the spring.
it is also to teach the reader to have hope and patience and the knowledge that things take time.
my last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology.
every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects.
large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics.
after reading all my reasons and opinions i hope you can agree on not having censorship in libraries.
sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides.
should books, music, movies , magazines, etc.
well i hoped you readers.
there is a pace that makes him feel like nothing wrong.
things today are way different.
this is a happy setting where the author grew up in.
this affected him because usually when you think about thirst you get thirsty er.
in the future we are going to see more and more computers.
you need to think of everybody, not just yourself.
as long as he thinks about his death, there is only more death.
some people have to be on the computer all day.
click turn off your computers and get out of your chair.
you question a leading doctor?
their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet.
so what do you think about them now.
i will talk about why i disagree with this statement.
that is why computers are needed.
i would choose the one for computers.
when you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim?
than when he came to all the bumps in the road, it was harder to pedal.
also it would not matter to me if i walked or drove or rode my bike to the library.
there are many entertaining website online that you can go to when you bored.
its a fact that you instead other people on computers.
that really improves your coordination.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead, do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist in major ways.
now everyday i talk to her on the computer.
you could visit a new country without leaving town!
dear of the , i strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way.
then it comes up in about seconds with around links to websites to help you out.
i think if people understand what the book talks about and if it does not bother them, then they are old enough for it.
let me compare this to a book.
being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products form websites is just amazing.
so when you cut down a tree its like robing.
it could be anyone.
this is why i think computers are very positive.
this would cause a lot of people to stop reading and learning.
if you have some spare time you should hang out with them and have some fun, go to the mall!
dear newspaper editor, i am writing to tell you about the censorship in the libraries of .
it presents an opportunity to study human nature.
take rap music for example.
if they were to get one it would change so much.
well its true.
soon he was carried away in a car.
thank you for your time.
therefore, new exercises, moves or tricks online can help them out a lot.
just like any ordinary store, there are items in a library that are not subject for children.
if people want this is going to be a big war.
since they all can be found, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
a library should definitely not want that bad gossip to go around town about how bad that specific library is.
that is why the movies should be censored.
this is why i explain the mood as happy, enjoyable, and worth living.
is personal expression really that bad?
he got down on his knees and palled with his night hot all that came but was blackish water.
computers make people spend a lot time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time.
another aspect of the setting that affect the cyclist are the rolling hills.
some might argue that though.
three of those things are heat, lack of water, mud its anything town.
these library materials are all part of the worlds past and all have a bigger story behind it which has an even bigger story behind it and so on.
almost of people in other countries be very lonely because all they is play on the computer and forget about other people.
this comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week.
bullying also gets you in trouble when you are caught doing the bullying.
he was bummed out because he could never get outside.
computers could help us learn by searching up research for a paper or even expanding our general knowledge.
it is the parents' job to regulate the reading of their children not the contents of the bookshelf.
it teaches you thing but not every thing it teaches is good.
the computer solves this.
i looked out through the window.
i would let him read it to learn about the past.
he explains how his first friend was his babysitter and the person who lived above him.
a boy can play football on line, then take what he learned and use that in a real football game.
these materials can be found helpful to others.
because of that, i feel that there should not be a restriction on what books a library puts on their shelves.
the taj mahal is located in agra, india.
thank you for taking your time reading this and i hope you do agree with me.
breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out.
as you can see computers have a positive effect.
are all great shows for kids.
and it seems that computers are addictive.
with all the technology out there.
he can go out and buy these magazines from friends that steals or rents them from our local library.
so yeah, you many not be able to get a book at the library but you can almost always find it online.
the last reason is the snake that slowed him down.
most of the time the internet is very helpful.
there is no way of making everyone completely satisfied, but with this system a lot of issues would be resolved.
not two miles into this next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
you can use computers to research different things.
even that have more mature students get offended sometimes from the books their reading in school.
now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online.
this stuff is something that should be by ages and ages to come!
on the news, there has been reports about children being influenced to have a gun and hang themselves, etc.
computers can be used to interact with another.
next time you turn on that laptop, think.
have a nice day.
it help other people change their mind by bringing new opinions about the topic to their mind that they have never thought of.
with these things a person can do research or use for entertainment.
so i suggest you pick one up and just have a blast, you wont be sorry.
i believe that the author ended the story with this paragraph to show the persistence of the main character.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making his mood change.
a ringmaster came with a lion.
it shows that her hope and trust to pass the test comes from the hibiscus flower.
if libraries were filled with tasteless articles and perfect fairyland books the library would become a place where reality is not present.
why not?'
for example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit.
the mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life.
looking at places far away is always an option.
people should have the right to read what they want to read, even if the book or magazine comes from a school library.
also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer.
if the weather is cold and rainy the cyclist would not want to be riding.
of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help.
he was very happy with who he had become, and how he had been raised.
when he first begins his trip, the road is fine, so he becomes confident.
because there is no logical reason for not to have a vote on what affects them.
i think that the bad books, and all the adult books, magazines, and all the other articles should have its own room in the libraries.
it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
as a student at a public school, the libraries that i and many other students have access to are censored to an extent.
my parents are doing this to protect me and i agree with their decision.
all other cars could be seen running far behind.
this prosperity has been possible using hard work.
i know some people who do that like its not cool if company comes over get off the computer.
when the hibiscus is budding it has a new life.
or when the doctor can successfully say that all of the cancer in your body has gone away?
for example the text states, the sun was beginning to beat down.
but if we get rid of all the censorship then it denies people knowledge.
knowing your running low of water to feel sorry for himself the cyclist had biked so far the terrain started to change from flat to rolling hills.
materials are placed in a library for the public to enjoy, not just to please certain people.
it helps their reading skills but the content in the book is not suitable for them.
people are very easily moved by any form of information, song and story alike.
there is anther feature the effects the cyclist, and that is no one is around for miles.
and why would computers stop people from doing that.
these books appear unappealing and offensive.
secondly, computers have a positive effect on people.
therefore, i believe that trying to stop people from this is a fruitless action.
with five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy.
it is understandable to a certain point.
the knowledge of offensive things should not be taken away from people by the libraries.
someone should have to deal with wading through music like that.
censorship goes against everything the western democracies stand for.
online gaming has become an sensation!, and not only an , and , and can game too!
the mood shown in this quote is that of thankfulness, and even a small bit of frustration that he cannot fully express his gratitude towards his parents.
mentally, she will be able to study and learn all she needs to know.
he suffers from no disease.
the features of setting affect the cyclist.
so, just let us choose if we would like to read material with uncensored things in it.
a third way computers help out is allowing you to order anything in the world online.
but, it is mostly good.
being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good.
it was a wonderful book.
born into a religion could be a huge affect on what their outcome is on a book, magazine, or a movie.
they help kids have fun with the games we can play.
to her, the hibiscus is a symbol of herself and if it survives, she knows that she too can survive.
so i think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves.
this is the mood created by the author in this memoir.
it was to the point of dying.
as soon as the recess bell goes, the calm of the school is broken.
experimenting, that is a choice on your own.
this is because computers can affect their education.
finally you can waste your time at home and not explore the .
the library has a section for adults.
there are many books to choose from, but you need to be careful while browsing.
lastly, the use of computer puts a strains on social skills between friends and family.
that is how computer games cause long term effects.
a normal person encounters several occasions a day where they hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends.
without computers we could not be where we are today.
adults can help prevent harmful information from all children.
for example, take somebody giving a speech about what they feel or what they think.
thirdly, if you count he amount of time you use on he computer of other technology devices then you will be fine.
one main effect that see is many people play the computer too long and are becoming overweight.
which everything includes the good and the bad.
when he got out an old men asked if he needed directions, the cyclist said no.
also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
taking things off shelves also has a good side to it.
you can just use and you type your essay.
computers make our lives easier.
his father is very kind and religious.
second, people stay in the house on the computer other than exercising.
he tells of the hardship of the sacrifice they went through.
the movies are easy to find.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
that is my opinion about censoring things from libraries.
eight out of ten surveyed by the national nature admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer.
also, to a is about a lawyer who defends a wrongly accused black man in .
she told a bunch of friends and me about it.
censorship helps prevent people from viewing, listening, or read disturbing images or ideas for certain age groups.
these great qualities computers have for people are fantastic.
not to mention, you can even make new friends.
in his attempts to make it to that next town, that how the setting mos affected the cyclist in the way that it did.
the mood created by the author in the memoir are pretty good.
computers today are consuming our world.
so far in the news there have been reports of suicide of the teenager life, reports like: girls killing themselves because lack of .
well, when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf?
second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about.
the author loves keeping people in suspense and waiting for an answer.
when the cyclist tries to get water from the pump, she describes the water as very hot and not cooling down at all.
no matter how hard the task is, we should keep trying until we succeed.
most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening.
their brain tells them to do things that are illegal.
some call him , some call him the man, and others call him the government.
we packed our luggage and hired an auto-rickshaw.
so yea the last sentence he said i liked it.
i do think that a magazine is a book.
censorship should be stopped before it ruins the quality of all the media.
and that is my view on this subject.
certain books, magazines, music and movies should not be put on the shelves of a library.
censorship has become a major topic when it comes to books, music, and movies.
this is a question you must think about when making this important decision.
people could use the computer to learn about anything or everything.
we would have computers but we wont use it like for along time then spend more outside.
she hopes that she will be able to start her life over again.
i like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive.
everybody sat down for lunch.
as the fireman burnt books, so ironically the novel was censored.
more and more people use computers, they love computers for place that are far or the news.
i understand if everybody thought it was really offensive to take it off but not just one person.
and you can not just go ahead and remove material that you think is offensive.
and how a house can become a home and how important family and friends relationships are
yet if this is truly the case, why does the censorship debate still rage?
i can think of at least three different sites that have online games.
censorship is taking away crucial pieces of knowledge that we must understand to get along in society.
the setting can affect a cyclist by his mood at first the cyclist is determined but as the setting gets worse his mood and hopes go down the drain.
so now what do you believe; should certain materials be removed
taking a book away from a library shelf can decrease of knowledge from someone that might need that information.
dear , i believe that computers can be a very good thing to implement in society.
to find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on the computer!
parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not.
there is a variety of materials available to the public that be offensive to some, especially to their little children.
if he had been almost anywhere else, his journey could have been much better.
the summer heat was the biggest problem for the cyclist.
families now a days are being broken up due to computers.
that clearly shows one of the things we need computers for.
the parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item.
also by having that conclusion statement it help the reader understand the affection of her new country.
spending time with family.
the cyclist persevered through the rough terrain which caused him to become weak.
well i dearly hope your answer benefits the children in .
but the last thought a child would have is if the literature their reading is offensive or not.
being hot from the sun beating down on him took away the cyclists energy he needs for riding his bike.
this shows how the author grew up helping people.
i think that if they do start removing things from library shelves they should still be allowed to be viewed to those who want to.
almost everyday children and teenagers have access to offensive and vulgar materials that could have terrible effects on them.
he organized a campaign to get his country free from the british.
if a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home.
some people are becoming concerned about the materials in libraries.
'i mean who would want to let the world know that they used the bathroom on themselves'.
for example, if you were to type in a certain animal there would be an overdose of pages pertaining to your topic.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it is her good luck.
computers do have an effect on people.
the final paragraph seals the deal, as it shows that she is again confident in herself because of the happy memories that she is thinking about.
another second one is people maybe addicted.
do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate?
we should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own.
because of bad effects the screen has on your eyes.
but why stop there?
censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well.
man does not live by bread alone.
now that older and like to read, i read more books about action and mystery.
especially because he no water, then having to go up and down hills really wears the cyclist out and causing him to lead into dehydration faster.
one strong example of this is how he expresses his parents.
they wont enjoy their life outside of their houses.
soon they start making a name for themselves by using such language or actions and eventually becomes known as the bad kid.
learning about people will help you make friends to.
it is a place to learn about how a writer, a movie director, a music artist, or magazine editor feels about the world.
we had a blast!
technology is a beautiful thing indeed.
instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc.
rough roads make him work hard to get through and then over the hills.
last example is if want to see the person and talk to them so you can go webcam with them and even talk.
not only that but we need computers for school.
lastly, computer can make people unhealthy.
chemicals are used in the fields.
first, you can learn about places you want to go to.
books in libraries have information that is vital, whether the books are offensive or not.
why do people find it necessary to do things like that?
the computer is very smart and is probably the best technology invented.
computers are great for work.
so the only other option is the school library books.
another reason is to express the theme.
i think that computers help people in there everyday lives.
she could even contact her doctors to see her condition after.
the setting of the story affected the cyclist because it kept him going because he was all alone and had no help.
but on that morning it fit the traditional definition of a ghost town.
imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information?
the cyclist also had a lack of water and when he found a pump he said it was black and tasted like battery acid.
in conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and
first, i think books that contain violence should be removed.
however, books or any other items can be offensive to people but to others it is just a book to read.
in my opinion, i would say that computers have negative effects on us.
kids should not be allowed to view that detail until they are ready for it.
which can only lead to a promotion!
even though one person could never read that many books, the has to have a wide selection, for the people that read different thing.
she believes she will pass that test in the spring, when the time is right.
well then think about it on computer is your only option left.
could even change their lives.
for example, a professional photographer may be busy even in his/her leisure time.
these are my reasons and i hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today.
as you can see, this is why the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and inviting.
i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching.
this is a on going debate nation wide and there is going to have to be a decision made fast!!
i enjoy reading romantic and mystery novel.
this would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into.
computers open you up met new friends.
there is hardly any traffic.
also computers can save you time and money now.
also, the few drops that he does get taste like battery acid.
it also helps by accessing and surfing the internet to more useful stuff.
the computers are ruining family connections.
if a person wants to buy their own music, artists are required to make two of the same album, one with censors and one without.
first of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time i checked they can not do that on a computer.
people who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there.
addiction is a serious matter.
if they do not like the item that they picked up, they should take responsibility for their actions, and not blame others for their mistakes.
then, i came across the music.
the only thing keeping us from pure evil is the and their ratings on movies, music, and television.
would you ask for to be removed?
i support computers, and their advancement.
email of course!
he had various points in support of his belief.
the cyclist was riding rough terrain and rolling hills.
the features of the setting in the essay, rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, greatly affected the cyclist.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to show determination.
my second reason is that people go on or or use web cams.
however the issue will go on, because after all we are all different and have our own opinions.
bulling happens to out of every kids.
all the teachers like him.
the might not even go near you if you forget about them.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people around the world.
the main mood is thankful.
they help education make everything and traveling is .
the snake also has a depressing effect about his dangers on his journey.
i highly disagree with what the media feeds to our minds as to the way our looks and lifestyle should be.
they welcomed visitors.
my mom goes to school and she tells me how she never has time to study because she always on the internet.
it makes them feel good.
just about everyone would get offended by one of these books, because nobody liked or does like , but they have to be there because of history.
did you know that out of children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities?
does that seem right to you?
i rushed out along with my parents.
however now that she is living in the united states, she is finding it hard to adapt.
bulls and cows help them to get a good harvest.
books, movies, music, and magazines are very big parts of peoples lives and removing these things can be a big part of someones development.
we get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens.
computers help us do that.
my father tells me all the time till this very day that music back in the day was appropriate for all ages.
the truth is we can not stop them, their is so much of the pornography and bad music out in this world that your can get it anywhere.
you know when you go spent time with your family.
people can speak, believe, and read what they want without the government interfering.
computers make this a whole lot easier on us.
this paragraph is a very significant ending to the story because it represent s symbols in the story.
though troubling, he still had the confidence that he could continue.
although these are things that our country has overcome, there are still going to be arguments and disagreements over these problems.
it is now or never friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer.
we have to wear white or cream cotton shirts, light-blue trousers, black shoes and white socks.
internet could be blocked for certain websites.
the cyclist was affected by the climate, the people, and the surrounding.
no one wants to be that way.
what i think the cities that have a bigger population should consist of two libraries side buy side.
however the generation under me will soon love them.
not being able to see a real relationship.
my conclusion is that you cant please everybody.
help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer.
passionate music witch he adores today.
some kids today though, are very attentive to those subjects.
with the person lack of water anyone would be struggling to keep riding on.
they shoot you.
censorship in public libraries is wrong no matter how you put it
that is how the mood is set.
he was running out of water and the pump he found only produced.
by saying he was doing when it should have been .
he eats a small lunch and right back to playing.
that sounds a lot more interesting than just talking!
sometimes my little naughty brother tries to pluck the flowers.
i have observed that many people will often attempt to steal this right from people, and this instillation of censorship will do just that to the authors.
the author shows that he is in a good mood by saying he is eternally grateful.
i for one completely agree with this quote.
in the class, very few student were attentive.
a couple years ago, a was going to have the biggest game of his life.
some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but i for one disagree with that statement.
i remember when my sister was in grade, she never took her eyes off the computer.
everyone comes to him to get something done.
like when he rood through that ghost town.
another example, is paragraph ten.
since computers were invented, a colossal change in the way society functions has taken place.
staring at a computer screen for a long amount of time will not keep you fit or in shape.
finally, freedom of speech is why they should say.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in these ways.
heat, hills and ghost towns all are features of setting that affect the cyclist.
he earns through the sweat of his brow but he never complains.
i think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people.
i know this is a free country and everyone has the right to have their own opinions.
kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane.
the mood creates is that where you find the good in a life where there might not be too much good.
when he finally reaches a sign of civilization, the cyclist becomes himself again and decides that his knowledge is best.
and you if go to these place then you would need place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends.
many kids do not do any type of athletic sport.
that can be offensive, and is used usually to talk people over to their side.
to help us catch criminals.
some books, magazines, and movies contain cold hard facts about the past years of our world and are too vile for anyone.
in this writing my goal was accomplished; i wanted to let everyone know that the whole thing is getting a little out of hand.
the cyclist was so set on seeing cool, piney trees and lakes, that when he saw dirt, snake, and no source of civilization worried him.
also not everything on the internet is true so you might have false information.
he tries to find out the reason and guides us.
the people that find something offensive could also ignore it and walk away.
i can relate it to a time i was played soccer games during the summer heat.
their is no reason to give people access to material that could be offensive to other people.
yes, a dictionary helpful.
one of the features was the lack of water.
could book a hotel online.
the world is not perfect, and it is never going to be perfect.
do something else than be on .
he was born in india.
should books, music, movies, and magazines be removed if found offensive?
so, you see that there are many different statements about offensive stuff being told to their children.
some street beggars are very clever.
in this part of the story it proves that the cyclist is out of water.
the main reason is there is always going to be conflict between or more groups of people.
that is why is bad to use a computer a lot i hope u understand.
the geese represent the new place she is living in, and the hibiscus represents her old home.
what we ready to do whatever is needed.
i recently visited and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them.
some books are too graphic for young children to read, and i think that one should have to be a certain age to be able to read them.
so many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience.
they claim that these books can be offensive to some and, therefore, should not be read.
that is your opinion and you have all of the right to it.
how about music, or magazines?
new blood is formed.
the only thing you can to change it is to rip out pages and that only waste your money to a new book.
in my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers.
maybe because of some important information they might need for an assignment from a teacher.
however, are all of these materials appropriate for all visitors?
children now look up to these song writers and want to become them.
dear , you know computers are a major part of our society.
to go and learn what you already know
computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper.
you will still have to deal with people not wanting a certain kind of book, but those people will just have to deal with it.
as for music, it can go both ways.
every age would be bothered by this.
the cyclist is dehydrated because of the horrible heat.
also while reading he talks about how him and his family always helped each other out.
i had been there a lot that and i was pretty familiar with their selection so i was looking for something new.
they are in dirty clothes.
as he travels he is met with barren land, no water and no people in sight.
you can never remake, rewrite or recreate that visual material provided from the creator.
dear , i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
these electronics are causing.
with all of these new (music ) shows and other reality sitcoms making air on , it has opened the door to crudeness all over.
you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever.
can you imagine a world without computers?
everyone was always at his house.
in past experiences i have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting.
learn about many places, and communicate with friends and family.
for example, some are still upset over slavery, and that happened over a .
computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors shapes and sizes.
first off they can be dangerous.
the rolling hills make him tired and weak along with the rough terrain.
three important reasons support this answer: freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and knowing everyone can find something that is offensive.
clearly you can see why computers have positive effects on people and society.
another example, is when your bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it.
you even get poor vision from a computer.
kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time.
this memoir shows how he is poor, but still can have a fun and interesting life with lots of friends and fond memories.
it makes them have a meaning.
think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them for hours.
their effect is the most positive effect on people, ever in my opinion.
then no one should.
in the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win.
as much as nature watching and exercise is healthy and fun i would rather learn about a sunny beach of or the great landscape of .
he is happy with his lot.
take them and use them for good you want regret it in the long run.
after that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who live faraway from you.
there were many features in the setting that affected the cyclist.
now come guy as a all pull it together.
it got even worse when it froze up a week later.
this gives a sense of satisfaction and confidence.
if everything that offends people is censored or taken away we will have nothing left.
everyone has a different view of books.
by ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences.
these are the reasons i chose both and love for the moods created by the author based on the excerpt.
they use profanity, show naked pictures, or take about things that a child is not yet supposed to be exposed to at that age.
also one more thing books, magazines, and movies can be a very good thing if we use it right.
i went onto my computer yesterday and what do you think happened?
an elaboration of my point is that he explains what courage they had.
and throughout the memoir there is a constant mood, which is happiness.
i hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people.
they reward him for his good service in festivals.
some material could be banned for something as simple as one provocative word, sentence or even a thought.
could you imagine the amount of people that would be sick if everyone used the computer for the majority at their day?
next, computers let you talk to friends.
and that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork.
although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful.
in other words, computers can be used for fun!
when the geese get back.
very recently during the war in the , news reporters were not allowed into towns and cities where a user uses being fought.
they left behind everything and everyone they loved, basically a huge chunk of them, and for that, he is extremely grateful.
in this piece the features were determined how the cyclist felt.
computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge.
the mood in this memoir changes throughout the story.
in , everyone wants censorship.
has been beneficial to everybody.
if we removed both types of books from the shelves for being offensive, we would not have religion or modern science.
the library is open to anyone and anyone could see the material.
bullying has been a major problem in the for many years.
we all have our opinions and choices.
he tells me that his on a line, hooking up with other people.
its never ending.
this is where i believe organization and limitations come in.
in my experience some music is just too offensive.
in fact of people use the computer for entertainment everyday.
be open minded!
there is icon inside one of your documents.
coordination can be very hand for some people, and this can be a problem.
without computers, everyone would not be able to get the education that they have a right to.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
we have to step up as the life goes.
if she believed they were offensive, then she could remove the book(s) without any questions being asked.
the television has inappropriate shows on it all the time, yet everyone can have access to it if they chose to.
is also great way to meet new people.
the act of censorship in libraries, or anywhere, should be looked down upon.
said as he ran around me.
however, she was in a boarding school in while her aunt needed her support.
and if you just want to stay home all day you can still interact with people.
she cant wait until winter is over and is just waiting for the spring to come.
what are they going to be reading?
a majority of parents would not want their children to be surrounded by all the effects that this brings.
since they are so addicted to computers, the do not want to go to the gym or anything.
spending time with your family is something precious.
stamps collecting is still one of the world’s most popular indoor hobbies.
people everywhere learn from books.
we need more good things to influence our children.
which i find really weird because things like that are going to happen in life.
this is reason how computers have had a negative effect on people.
many people was able to flee the city before that happened.
i think that would be unfair to do that.
a doctor is just like a god for the patients.
why do you think there are computer labs at school or desks with computers in offices.
most modern day book, movies, music, etc.
she now loves nature.
we post our letters in the letterboxes outside the post office.
like on paragraph .
when you hear music that is offensive to you, you must be smart enough to not listen to it.
if the person spoke fluently in and than he or she could teach you.
and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us.'
this can make families keep in touch and friend close.
there always controversy in our society, and almost everyone loves it.
to block any part of this experience to block our full potential.
how would you feel if that was to happen to you.
therefore, i urge you to not use computers!
tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc are all great sports that practice hand eye coordination.
it gives us joy in our spare time.
an example might be religion.
i agree that some people waste their time, but without computers everything would be much harder.
there are so many things in this world that contain bad things, which all have something to do with sex.
for example, if you are a student you need to do a project.
you would not be too happy about it.
we will not learn the new ideas that authors put out there for us if people just keep getting offended and taking them off the shelves.
of parents who took a poll in say they want their children to learn about different cultures.
some of the features were it was hot high deserts, and no water.
so next time when you want to buy something that maybe to mature for children, you might want to reconsider going to the library.
i felt bad just for reading this, because it just made them sound like horrible people.
also, all my friends are on the computer and some them are more active then me.
or maybe a local gym?
my grandfather has great knowledge about history.
if a parent does not want their child reading a certain book then they have the authority to take the book away from that child, not the shelves.
hopefully others will agree with me too.
interacting with living people in person.
they have many different kinds of books for specific reasons.
i still checked out the book, i knew i would love it, and i do!
i stated my reasons why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
whenever i have the ability to use the computer, i always do.
the computer teacher people
what would most people do without a computer?
first, there was the fact of time.
also in censorship we would be exterminating our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves.
new newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature.
just get outside and do something.
but that is not the only bad thing about them.
dear local newspaper, i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world.
restless people can be seen standing helplessly in queues for long hours.
we are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal.
if i was a person who got offensive by something that was on the shelf at the library i would pass it up and not pay attention to it.
, i believe if things are on the shelf that come off offensive to people they should absolutely be removed.
the staff is not the one who reads all the books their customers do.
i hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society.
censorship should be allowed to an extent.
if everybody used computers, we would be using less paper.
another example is if you had to find some information on you new dog.
of those students finished their high school and college years through online classes.
people rather play on computer that got exercise for a healthy body.
dear people of , many hours a day do you spend being active?
using computers too much will have a bad effect on society.
choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands.
halfway through his trip the flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
computers are negatively affecting the population.
overall think computers have a positive effect on people.
also it tells you about your town.
people could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted.
well thank you for reading my opinions about computers.
he passes a closed juice factory.
i think they should all be blocked and out of children reach.
another solution might be to just get rid of the censored material.
the bus took a few passengers and moved on.
computers are best all around helpful.
exposing those kinds of movie clips and images could be harmful to the children of future .
i think songs that have words bleeped out over the radio pointless because you teenager will know what they say anyway.
computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points.
computers are used by millions of people every day.
she is ready to try the test again.
while at the same time you would not have to worry about being severely offended
more and more people are going to become like.
also i believe that this symbolizes overcoming obstacles because it gives her strength from her old country.
if people began to take away options on reading materials some kids refuse to read at all.
computers improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also!
children living on their own.
computers should be for everyone!
the author shows that his close relationships of his neighborhood and all his friendships.
now with video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually separate you can of from others.
with censorship you are only stripping the freedom of press away from people.
about three years ago i went on vacation to .
, it is a way to connect with faraway friends.
also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store.
she had her opinion and i also had mine.
we went home with an auto-rickshaw.
due to online news paper news is becoming less and less popular.
we can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts.
i could not ride many of the rides there due to my size.
people have a right to read what they choose to read.
in my opinion, i think that some people use and rely on computers too much.
at the first town, the setting is shocking, but humorous to the cyclist and he starts to get nervous.
the computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of.
this is inevitable.
if parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you.
it seems to me that people need different activities to get them off the computers.
or you can level up skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking.
taking away movies and books, is to not allow people to learn from their past.
computers benefit society greatly.
so i think there should be a limit on how many hours people spend on the computers per day.
it is not possible to test in three hours what a student has learned during the whole year.
censoring them could be as simple as just putting a tag on them or making a different section for just those kinds of books.
after driving through the forest for half an hour, my brother suddenly stopped the jeep.
keep reading to find out more.
the police came and made a thorough search of the house.
now we have , , and others.
this is an example of how censorship works.
in this post decade, the percentage of exercise was gone down and computer bills have gone up.
many teachers direct their students online learning purposes.
authors, illustrators, journalists and the slew of other individuals who compose the materials available in libraries are exercising their right to free speech through their works.
due to this, many people have no communication skills.
the conclusion of the story leaves readers to wonder if she will try harder and pass the test for the second time.
like using an online text book instead of carrying your huge textbooks home.
computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives.
you can put it as your background on the desktop.
magazines, music, books and movies are mainly for entertainment.
it also indirectly included that families can be torn apart if you let them be, but the choice is yours and you can prevent it from happening.
they would be able to handle something in the adult material category.
people who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant.
they can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse.
i would not want the same happen to all of the other books in the world.
if your writing a paper and need an answer its all on the internet.
in school you can do projects on other countries without traveling just by using a computer.
after all this sorrow, by putting in a hopeful ending, the writer has successfully allowed a sense of hope for the future.
find something to do other than play games on the computer.
when books, music, movies, and magazines are censored, the freedom of speech that the author had is being diminished.
the author put the paragraph at the end to show that if the hibiscus can come back, after winter, so can the girl.
when a person reads they always learn something new.
to whom it concern, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
the ups and downs and all the animals that await him.
he has to work under scorching sun and pouring rains.
that means that you need to know how to work with computers to get a job which can be.
slavery and the were a horrible things that happened and teaching about it is important so that it does not happen again.
he was riding in???
censorship has become such a big problem in the world when there are so many other things people should worry about.
the truth of this statement would not be hard to prove.
should not be removed if they are found offensive.
its up to an individual to decide on what they will read and what their take is on the matter.
another mood he had was kind of sad.
it reduces the chances we have to learn and to flourish.
also it helps you with your hands by making you learn how to catch stuff and how to react quickly with your hands.
that number has risen to out of , as of .
as the story goes on there was no one in sight, not a building, a car, or structure of any land.
if a book was censored because of the contents inside it would bring into question other books or media related to it.
government service, according to me, is meant for the mediocre.
that means the temperature is going to rise since the sun is getting stronger.
also, i could almost feel the lump in my throat when he says, with any luck id hit a bump and lodge a pebble in my throat.
not only is it for entertainment, but it is also for knowledge too.
normally when someone takes offense to something they try to get rid of the thing offending them.
overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today.
when she returned to england she set up a training college for nurses.
if we continue this most people will lose eye sight.
above all else, there are millions of creeps on the internet, preying on children as a young teens.
if you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all.
traveling, or even talking walks to enjoy nature can help.
created and controlled by the government surrounding him.
most people who are and again.
all of these books are educational, though some are harsh, and they should be used to show what is right and wrong.
the postman’s life is very hard.
no matter if we ever had internet, we always had dependable libraries.
that is meaning they will accept anyone that is interested in looking at there stuff.
when all they have to do is do not get the book, think that others might like it, or remember they are there for the readers entertainment.
dear of the , has been a debate on whether modern computer activities are good for people or bad for the people.
sure it might be pricey to
some books are really emotional and can trigger a persons emotions.
my point is, is that she allows to take over her.
they would take any job they could find.
is responsible for her own views and choices.
so, libraries need more than one copy.
these books are usually the ones that teenagers read.
in the memoir, the author emphasized a very specific mood.
in the story always excepted anything and was kind and always wanted to see his parents smile.
the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because it removes the availability of the book from an interested reader.
while your on the computer wasting time there is another homeless child wandering maybe looking for their family.
so, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?
the internet has over millions of websites for many reasons.
second you do projects or homework.
please take my ideas into consideration.
if something is offensive in your library, it has no right to be there.
what you do?
and the best part about them is that they are fun and easy to use!
a few different moods went on in the story but one of the most important was loving.
the setting it the essay rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit in three ways.
presentations, essays, graphs, anything.
is a website to talk to friends & relatives.
they make fun of them because they are not like others and they can take that very offensive.
this selection has a soft, nice, and good mood.
computers are a great reference point, can allow you to chat with
without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world?
but every town the cyclist came to was deserted.
if we were given the right to remove and books, movies, magazines, etc.
if we send our children out into this world without any knowledge of drugs things will get out of control.
you would just go on the computer and find all the information you need.
he gets up eats breakfast.
last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work.
the ways that i use my computer is by staying in contact with my friends, a family, and it also helps me with my school work.
the girl wants to do that on that time of day and thinks she will get it next time.
who would want to have a little kid watching something sexual in a movie?
the area that i would be most concerned with would be the young adult section.
our teachers are also quite strict.
the most challenged book in school libraries is .
yes, i do believe computers benefit the society.
in conclusion, computers help our society in a lot of ways.
this quote captures the mood of being thankful for the unity of his family.
you also learn social on the computer.
he really shows the people who have read his memoir that he respects his parents and thanks them so much to make his life better in .
guglielmo marconi invented the radio.
i think that computers are perfect and can help you build skills.
this is becoming a problem all over our state and country.
if it offends you, just send it back to the library and warn your friends not to check it out.
you can email instead of using letters.
is supposed to be a free country.
not every child learns the same way, nor are they interested in the same things.
sight is, most of the time your most important sense.
must teach for others to learn.
finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them.
the things you can do like play games.
dear , minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing?
many people come to a library a day to check out something they will enjoy and have a good time listing, reading, or watching.
teen often go to the library to meet up with friends, or start on homework.
the internet has so much information.
because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people.
then what will we do?
not at all.
i think if this does happen it will be hard to get over an stop using the computer.
the common people live in a so called ' '.
then, when we get a little older, we are assigned to read books for classes.
in addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can.
many people will argue that pornography is something that should be censored out of society, but the problem is once you start censoring, where do you stop?
if libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive, there would be nothing left; people can find offensive material in almost any material in this century.
another method of computerized is my personal favorite, instant messaging.
this way other people can read these books.
i was excited yet scared.
kids are now staying up later on the compute, in turn lowering grades.
in conclusion, computers do not help us.
additionally, computer games can improve reflexes.
first it shows that she is starting to like this new life.
some are happy moods because they have each other.
i think that it is important that know a meteor is about to strike the world no?
with a computer with a dose drive, you can watch any .
glance out the window and go back to texting on that laptop.
it could be their passion to write, so why would you want to take that away.
the way that he describes his parents hard work and love is incredible.
both books use the word to convey the tone.
well they should know that it can harm there kids and it can also teach there young kids bad stuff.
dear readers, i believe that computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people.
most news is about things that are bad, rarely any good news comes around.
also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends.
he works hard as a student.
unfortunately, trees are being cut indiscriminately.
anybody should know that your own opinion matters than anything else or anybody else.
you disconnect yourself from your family.
that had to change your mind, or nothing will.
this is the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor.
after about three minutes, i was terrified.
setting does a lot to influence stories, so it is important to keep that in mind when reading.
think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work.
computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours.
i think it should be open but not just anyone.
the mood is grateful + thankful throughout the memoir.
having a computer can make you lazy, you from enjoying nature, and can have you not spend time with family and friends.
is famous for it’s ability in talking.
so it just shows you that people are different because they thank things different then other people do.
street hawkers are found in every city.
but, when they here that word or read about something or watch.
citizens spend over a year on phone bills.
they said family is people who care for one another even if they are not blood related.
she is very popular among the other members of the staff.
the features of the nearby setting affect the cyclist in a bad way.
everyone knows it and everyone loves it.
& kids are to them.
i believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials.
there is no way possible that computers are bad.
all of the books we had hoped to read would have to be bought online, if it were still allowed.
they watch inappropriate videos or pictures.
he feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
it is there and part of our life.
like hitting a baseball!
stop wasting your life people!
he had to enhance these extreme.
in fact, statistics recently released by the show that computers are the leading reason for obesity.
there is hardly any disease.
inside of this book could be countless inappropriate pictures and profanity on every page.
but not only do people become overweight, they will end up more and more distant from family and friends.
some ways the cyclist was affected is, the lack of water was the biggest problem he had.
i eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state.
some people just enjoy reading and others go to find information.
clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives.
an anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends.
this shows the culture lurking and dancing through his house of his childhood.
i my i can shut it .
you have to take things into consideration before jumping straight into conclusions.
without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive their families away.
but they also can communicate to your friends and family.
people bring the point of maybe a child picks up a adult book or magazine in a store and begins to look at it and read it.
if you have friends and family that you want to reconnect with the computer can help you find information about where they are located.
these people need to get a change.
books should be left uncensored so they can be enjoyed by whoever wants to read them.
the setting affected the cyclist physically and mentally.
my skills on choosing books for myself has changed since i was or .
in paragraphs five, six, and seven, expresses his gratitude towards his parents, and how much they had to sacrifice.
if lawmakers give in to the complaints of a few people it could hinder a students rights and make students believe that they are not trusted.
religion is always a hot point when it comes to censorship, but is that not in our constitution.
computers also help us stay in touch with our family members and friends.
the brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision.
my first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily.
a recent of a computer.
libraries are used by many people, people go there to research, study, and even just to find an interesting book to read.
the mother says, ???
so in conclusion, computers are a source of health issues, action issues and mental issues.
you can just about get any book there you want to read.
setting can have a great deal of affect on a cyclist, depending on if its smooth or rocky, or hot or cool.
if you find something offensive, be mature, put it back and find something else to read, watch or listen to
for my first reason, computers have so many technology things inside that help people everyday.
there is one thing, however that really sticks out in my mind; .
this is not right at all!
the fact that it was a hot summers day contributed to his hardships.
wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on.
i urge you to use your computer less and exercise, see family, and enjoy nature.
before this terrain change the rider is very positive and thinks he can do this easily.
to whom it concern, i feel that computers are a great in most people lives.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
when it’s time to get a job, having done sports could be an added qualification.
with the maps on the computer, you can print it out and actually keep it.
it was hard to adapt to the situation of moving, but the plant created familiar scents and the familiar fragrance which filled her lungs .
pedophiles use the internet to trick children in to giving their address.
dear , opinion about computers is good.
natural surroundings, good water, fresh air and relaxed lifestyle give us energy and make life more enjoyable.
you can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores cool is that!!
in conclusion, the setting makes the riders journey an one, but in the end the bait store had just what he needed.
dear newspaper, the invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today.
it was their idea to put it in the story but some things need to be left unsaid.
the earth is the only gifted planet which has a life.
i personally think that certain materials that are found offensive should not be removed from shelves.
music is a form a expression and everyone has their own taste.
adults and children alike are lacking social needs.
the factory even made him more thirsty.
we sure need computer to look up information these days.
she persuaded the businessman to give me to her, for a good sum.
her life will always be filled with music and love.
i do not believe victims of abuse no matter what degree should have to read about that subject in a book they thought they were reading for leisure.
after seeing that i thought if their were a sign or something around to warn me i would not of had to see that.
among all other ties, friendship brings immens joy in our life.
in cities, the air gets mixed with harmful gases from factories and vehicles.
he wears a simple life.
with the coming up of courier services, e-mail system, the postmen are losing their charm.
he talks about how his parents had to start over again with their lives to come to .
other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today.
most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text.
finally, computers allow people to talk online.
research things that they have never known.
the series can contain violence that can influence kids and teenagers.
of course a computer can be helpful.
the cool pines and rushing rivers this is saying the pines and rivers helped him forget the sun.
dear , computers are very helpful in daily activities, but computers have a bad side.
what would our forefathers think of what censorship has become?
if i had it my way, the would not exist.
when the hibiscus is ready to bloom, she will be ready to drive.
i believe that there should be a very limited selection that children can see.
what are you going to do?
i enjoyed the scenery of green hills on either side of the railway line.
i was thinking to myself that oh well i am young and i will eventually learn in the long run from what is good and what is bad
debates are a main part of our society today.
it is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers.
this delayed him from getting to his destination quicker as well.
in many cases, certain materials should not be viewed by young children or those who lack the maturity to handle them.
there are card games, board games, even games!
i feel that if you tell someone that they can not do a certain thing that will only make them want to do it more.
thank you for your time,
the effects computers have on people are only negative.
i would not like that.
in our everyday lives, we come across many things that can be taken to offense.
and that makes the world safer for every one.
it takes away your time that you can be going to the , going to stores restaurant the things you.
and because of his actions and author has to suffer from money lost and big waste of his time and effort he put into it.
the mood created by the memoir is a mix between a happy mood and an unhappy mood.
a sport that requires a lot of this is .
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
we need to have these facts available to the general public.
there are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing.
the library should always have a large variety of different music.
another feature that affected the cyclist was his lack of water.
a bad neighbor makes a hell of our lives.
it provides an excellent exercise to all parts of the body.
i strongly believe that material should be censored in the way that those who should not see it, can not see it.
camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends.
she said her parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love for cooking that is still me today.
there are three reasons why i argue this topic.
their should be something like a warning label on the magazines, movies, music, etc.
there are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage.
they supply sleepers for the railway line.
second, when she bought the plant, her mother was a little angry because it was expensive.
for example, a magazine article containing information about the wrong doings of the political offices or a cartoon of a certain candidate.
with the click of your mouse, you can check to see who won the presidency, or what shows are on tonight.
we took a joy ride on the camel.
lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people.
the man who makes furniture using wood is called a carpenter.
did you ever stop to think that the piece of information that your child was bringing home could be offensive to someone else?
so when i get out of school and i had a very long day.
finally, you can purchase anything with a click of a button.
of all the population in the is overweight due to technology brought into our world.
he was losing hydration from all the sweat, and he was losing it quickly.
check the computer!
the thoughts and knowledge of one generation pass to another and they pass through the child.
if you wanted to help out a country that just had an earthquake or hurricane you could look up what you could do to help that country.
it would be so sad for someone to just pass through life being stuck on your computer screen.
i think this for three reasons.
dear : people are spending far to much time on computers.
if you censor all of that material out less movie tickets will be bought, less books will be sold, and less music will be listened to.
again i thank you for reading this letter.
you go to different and play any games.
i think the worst is liking people sign about killing people and raping kids and all this and that.
if a person took offense from a book or magazine i believe that person should just put it back.
he states memories of his child that made him happy.
without air, our planet would be lifeless.
personally, i believe that freedom of speech comes into play in libraries.
one could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses.
people sit in their houses and just stare at the bright screen.
he becomes senseless.
i think not.
the second thing on the computer, is research.
the mood created by the author of the memoir is thankfulness.
people should stop doing this you forget to exercise nature and to spend time with you friends and family.
many if you were deployed to an army write in .
secondly, having a computer will teach you better social skills.
even though the setting got worse through the story & stuck it out & made it to the end.
thank for your time.
she is going to build up and change in time for the retake of the test its like a rebirth in a way.
this allowed not only them to be happy but for other people to share their happiness with them.
they miss out on being in the wonderful warmth of the , or going out and playing in the snow and making , forts, or having a fight.
when they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again.
in conclusion, computers have a very negative affect on people.
some books that are offensive show how people that do bad thing have to pay the cost and people can learn from other people mistakes.
people have and always will want, need and desire different things.
there are many things that a computer can do which is really good.
is one of the most popular chat groups on the internet, is another popular chat group.
if your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online.
leisure is an important need in our lives.
i believe that people should enjoy nature more than computes.
to start with, millions of people sign up for , , and other website like these to reconnect with people.
the setting of rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affect the cyclist so many ways.
the computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise.
you need to be healthy and most of all active.
cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society.
also in the story it states, flat road was replaced by short rolling hills.
however, there is one plant that is similar, the winter hibiscus.
the author concludes the story winter hibiscus with this paragraph because it conveys the theme of the story, adjusting to changed in life.
its all a matter of opinion.
so try your best and make way of your life and plans in your life.
if certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects.
every where you look people are using computers.
about of people chat online with families or friends.
the invention of computers have change our world in a positive way.
because children could see the wrong things and things might get out of hand.
and if he is not and with no water he probably could barely make it up the hills.
if we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen.
they teach you skills you need in life.
he returned to india and took part in the indian freedom movement.truth and non-violence were his great weapons.
you people who spend time on the computer interact with their family?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
this could cause even more conflicts between religious parties, and in turn anything religious would be banned all together.
they are good sources of information, its a good way to talk with your friends and it gives you information about places that you might not know about.
with these in place, there is no reason why we should completely remove shows or movies from the public.
if you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you.
the life lived as a child was a paradise in his eyes.
besides the other factors computers retard teens learning.
books can be used to teach people lessons on what is right or wrong.
online predators are highly dangerous and extremely clever.
it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
the music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents.
why can we.
one way is to keep in contact.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library.
i barely talked to anyone unless it was through email.
it is the way our culture is.
computers is a good benefit for people.
many times you have already been exposed to the ideas prevalent in books in movies because those things are already in your life.
i once spent hours on my computer on .
some parents should at least give an hour a day to say he game.
the computer prevents you from doing all of this fun activities outside.
they were always having guests, and loved a lot of people and considered them family.
in conclusion even though he had to go through all that doubt he was going to be alive in the end he still went on and tried.
a very big one!
but then looked up everything i needed to known in an half hour.
when it comes to any of the mentioned items, sooner or later society will find them again and they will be back on the shelves.
the computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and you bored play some games little games on the computer.
this has become the addiction of the world.
companies use computers for easy access to the public.
the author of this memoir created many moods.
age and maturity plays a huge role in whether or not a child should be aloud to read and be introduced to specific material.
by using censorship you are sheltering the world.
the author concludes the winter hibiscus with that paragraph to show the narrator realizes that even though shes in a new country, some things are still the same.
how dare you read that!'
to , eating or hurting cows in anyway is a complete disgrace.
they not get to check out items for free like at the library, but it will be safer for the children and young teenagers.
someone that has never been to the pyramids could easily just research the pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history on them, and learn so much.
i believe i expressed my opinion to the fullest.
what do we do now that governments are starting to censor the internet?
however, the author started to reveal hints that would accept and find come childhood memories there too.
in conclusion experience with computers can benefit any one person and entire society all together.
being able to communicate with one another makes theses people happy, and benefits society.
what i think kids should watch or read are movies and books.
the game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done.
the sun was beginning to beat down.
it varies from kids, fiction, and nonfiction.
my mother got up early in the morning to give milk to the kids before they start screaming.
some families find them useful the have more than one in the household.
computers help us with all of our school projects and get research.
then i will take the test again.
the three things made him drink too much water at first and barely left him with enough.
personally in my family, me and my brother believed in for many years.
everyone has a different view on things.
i believe that the author concluded the story with this paragraph for several reasons.
what would happen if everyone could remove the books they dislike?
an example of his determination is the old guys had sworn the next town was only eighteen miles down the road.
this memoir is representing good moods and happiness.
i enjoy reading books about people with special powers; such as necromancers.
if we all made a huge decision based off of one persons opinion, then our world would be a mess.
third is its taking away authors money and point of view.
it provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family.
i was spending around hours online and getting on sleep.
if you are choosing the computer over other important thing, then i think we have a problem.
i, myself, am very free with my language and the inappropriate and vulgar things i say.
not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact.
two of us went to the police station.
some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time in their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends.
also computers now have videos all over on how to do things like how to and other useful information.
for example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another, just find a missing cat.
just like freedom of speech we should have the freedom to read, listen to, and watch what we enjoy
dear newspaper editor, i have recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people.
in conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax.
i you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing.
now some people might say that you can read a book on that country, but not everyone has time to sit and read a book.
if i brought over and read it to their kids and they got offended, should we get rid of ?
along with not being good for the environment, it is also not good for the economy.
i believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one.
no on lived there, it was abandoned.
or your family can be having a movie night and your on the computer while they leave.
too but learning about nature is more nature.
after they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process.
this happens quite often, and i end up staying awake until around .
these are my three reasons why we should spend less time on computers.
another statistic should that you know and use computers you would live longer and happier.
so pride & happiness are the mood.
to be able to do so much with just a couple clicks; new that i find extravagant.
many teenagers go and meet someone they met online and end up getting raped or killed.
this could be in more ways than one.
being in a library there are lots of choices to see and check out.
tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight.
during childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer.
there are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family.
on the computer what exercise benefits are you getting?
by computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives.
it make some people upset and if it does then they should stay away from it.
on a game a user talk to friends, while a game such as a ( ) for example online, game.
other people actually use their computers for things that they need.
when he finally reached the store he was excited and relived.
in paragraph it shows that he is thankful.
they both overcome obstacles.
if people on the computer but it can be teach kids and drugs.
i think they should consider the effects that come with watching or reading certain things.
i remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it.
these remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members.
leaders of a library have many different sections in their library.
for example they write going dance.
a computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime.
do you want to have a smarter world?
i was wandering.
many people have different views on censorship.
i personally believe that there should be very strict restrictions on what children are allowed to watch, read, and listen to.
can tell that the author wants to also feel grateful.
my opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time.
i think the girl wants to be just like flower.
on the other hand, many games are only for one player.
there were scenes involving women that i did not understand, and many new words.
my first reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
the possibilities are endless.
i , computers help you learn about all kinds of things.
poverty often takes over the situation with a side of racism and discrimination occasionally.
some people seem that it might be cool to be just like her.
but why keep them from the real world?
he would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor.
they also go to various island in the sea and engage themselves in many adventures.
i have seen plenty of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie.
i believe the effects of computers on people are positive ones.
on the news, you hear about obesity.
then monkeys and elephants showed different feats of skill.
many students are in the habit of reaching school late.
the main reason why i am against keeping computers around is because the people that use them the most are neglecting their families as well as their friends.
finishing the story this way left the reader feeling positive, it was a short ending but one with a lot of meaning.
the will always be thankful to her parents for that reason.
of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling , which is computers positively affect me.
using a computer can also help you stay organized.
so people that use computers are spending less time with their family and friends which can cause them to become depressed and lonely.
recently, there has been debate about whether or not computers benefit society.
if the players start disobeying the captain, there will be anarchy in the field.
i think teacher teach to grow interested in a subject and give basic ideas about any subject.
who really are the victims when books and magazines are being thrown off the shelves?
so if we take away the offensive material we would never get to learn more about or know where came from.
finally, computers provide you with so much knowledge and is great for education.
do you want a bad grades?
a paper is so much faster than writing by hand.
censorship, along with many other things is relative.
the author was clearly in a struggle against the desert heat.
if you want to go to college but you have no time you can take classes online.
once i got into the orchard and climbed up a huge mango tree.
the persons health their the users well being.
we researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment.
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
however, she will get used to it and do her best to do so, as shown in the closing paragraph.
they get easy money by begging.
some people like to play games.
the most common, computers are widely used by a majority of people, but are computers really beneficial to society?
the cyclist in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit took the advice of older gentlemen who offered him a shortcut they knew to get to national park.
a computer is just a simpler way to look up information.
in the final paragraph, she vows to take the test again when the hibiscus buds.
people will be doing much better things, such as exercising or spending more time with family and friends.
computers can be real great and easy to use as you can see, for schoolwork.
this stresses how remote the area in which he is biking really is, and shows how it mentally and physically effects his trip.
i also chose love.
dear , i am writing to you about how technology affects people.
bot, people are beginning to replace seeing one another with networking.
if literature keeps being censored, there will be none left for future generations to enjoy.
the first time they see something of questionable nature they would want it because it is new.
my mother goes there on some occasions, like, to get information from a book or a computer.
dear local newspaper, have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer.
however, the one thing that acts as an escape for them, is their gardening.
therefore, that is most likely why the author ended the story the way he did.
sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips.
all of these things should be.
this gives me the feeling of thankfulness and to really admire what my parents have done for me.
the libraries would not even have to get rid of the offensive materials that they took from the shelves.
also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for.
it gives you an understanding of how people use to live.
first, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree.
this is why we have webcams and chatting on computers.
in science class we get a packet for homework for every new unit and without a computer it would be really hard to get done.
and if was really bad be able to take it out of the school.
another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families.
people just need to find a way to it out.
why pay too much money for spending much time in the computer, when you can turn off the computer and spend some time with your friends.
however, people still think computers are good.
dear local newspaper, do you feel about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a computer?
then, when you find your source it has info that could have been skipped over.
it helps people stay aware of the world around them and educated about everything.
this is where some kids go because they are addicted to the computer.
they also allow students to complete homework assignments and important projects.
the kids are to blame to.
since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese.
oliver is a good athlete too.
in the evening we play cricket at the school playground.
instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book about ; they can simply go online and type in under a search engine.
i say this because if you think about it could in a factory is ran by some type of computer.
libraries are government funded organizations.
the cyclist felt black humor, despair and then relief due to the features of the setting.
but the hills were sure to play with his mind.
offensive materials should not be removed from shelves.
do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?
the mood created by the author.
book tend to be censored and even banned at schools.
in conclusion, computers are great because, kids can get there homework done, also its good for video chat finally because the internet is very resourceful.
i shall keep my knowledge up to the mark.
music or movies could be put in there own sections also.
so they did.
even though some people disagree computers are the base of technology, safe, and full of knowledge i do.
the author has this as the final paragraph because it shows hope.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very soft and compassionate.
dear newspaper people, you might heard on the new, more and more people thing computers are the benefits of society.
so there is a lot of reasons why i think that people should remove certain book, movies, magazines, or anything that involves offensive stuff.
it became hilly and very inconsistent.
the mood created is happiness & pride.
this book was heavily criticized over the topic of censorship.
another example is the hills, that made him even more thirsty.
then there are those books about racism and that is the worst topic to most people.
it should be held in a separate area if people do not wish to view this material they simply do not go in that area.
a ghost town with no good water could have killed him.
he said they showed him their lives and those teachings have been the basis of his life.
would we get as much knowledge as we have?
this is why i think computers have an positive effect on kids and adults.
we do not need anymore reasons for people to judge someone based on something that they read.
if something was removed from the shelf at a library, because someone found it offensive, i would be disturbed.
if we allowed anyone to censor a library then we would have no books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to.
it should be read.
it makes research connecting with friends, and your easy!
computers are a serious issue.
due to the fact that different books are intended for different age groups, libraries have different sections filled with a variety of authors.
the show many dieting plans such as or .
the weather dehydrated him while the terrain exhausted him.
some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health.
most people would agree that computers have a positive affect on people.
in books, magazines, shows, movies, on the , you name it.
we live in a place with the freedom of speech, but yet that right seems to be fading away.
in conclusion is a very useful thing.
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
if books and movies are so bad then why would they even have some here already.
many jobs involve the usage of a computer mastering how to use the computer before.
when a high percentage of people join that cause, then it should be banned.
but the question is, will you?
parents can usually monitor what their kids check out.
if you have any arguments or questions you can surely contact me
its up too the too know whats good for them.
this quote i think shows very well that the author is creating a happy mood in his memoir.
computers are very addicting in terms of , and online games.
she also realized that she will never forget her home but she still can move on.
finally, it is also helpful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends thousands of miles away.
lastly, the computer is used for business.
this is a very interesting question.
lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge.
he also had pretty much ran out of water.
computers also do the same thing for music.
if we do not have any books then are eyes would be bad.
do you want to get fat sitting next to a metal box?
i that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
school systems have good reasons why they censor some book, and i agree with the cooperation.
the memoir is mostly about family and childhood memories.
if we need to know about slaves or slavery, we can go to our library.
so why take it out of libraries.
the juice of the young mango is sour.
computers help in a positive way.
really opened up my eyes and i am extremely happy i read .
there also several books that talk about the censorship idea getting out of hand like the book .
now i am going to tell you how everyone has computers.
firstly, computers give entertainment.
with all honesty, books and novels were made for a reason.
many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time.
they can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing.
then he had to travel without water and became dehydrated.
well i have good reasons as to why computers are good technology.
also, to stay in touch with family and friends.
i am sorry, the world does not revolve solely around you and me.
they make it so family and friends do not come to see you.
there are meth labs all over for meth.
at the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years.
for example, the hot temperature caused the character to get dehydrated.
computers help teachers, students, employees, and parents.
before computers and calculating took more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error.
he has passed his middle school examination.
just think computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard.
i hope you understand my point on this issue.
sounds easier that looking up, get the dewy decimal number, find the number.
no one is being forced to read a book or magazine, watch a movie or listen to music.
there are a lot of facts teachers do not teach that books can.
we all know that it your out side when its hot, you get hot too.
these types of things i think should be taken off the shelves everywhere!
there are some books that have some pretty nasty stuff in them that you could find in a library.
you can learn about faraway places.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in more than one way.
if you are like me, you like to talk to your friends.
this is the kind of violence children read about all around the .
my first point is that you can get a better education using them.
we get all our cereals and vegetables from the farmer’s field.
how can they prove your age?
thus our outlook is widened.
they help us in so many ways.
this shows that he is grateful for what he received and the mood is very joyful.
dear , in the past ten years, advances in technology have completely changed the world.
possibly on the other side of the page, you will see an ad for cigarettes.
a policeman also controls crowds.
i believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines.
both, young and older people need to be educated in the worlds past history and the present news.
dear newspaper, you know that two out of three own a computer?
therefore it is better that such things are left up to the person themselves.
one reason why people benefit from computers is how they help with education.
, the computer takes time away from nature.
dear post, computers have been here for a while now and taking them away would be like forgetting all the progress we made in technology.
they are our best friends.
this would not be fair to those who enjoy these kind of materials.
to a is a classic example of this.
you cannot control what everyone else says or does in books or movies, you have to just be in control of how you look upon it as.
you get to make your own animation clips or even a movie.
today i am going to talk about certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines.
a library not be able to please everyone.
i know this because in paragraph it says that his houses were he learned the real definition of family.
plus you could get at places for working with computers, you could make programs, and anything you would want.
most of my friends do it with me.
i believe that computers are an major impact on people.
i feel that books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from shelves.
the first town he reaches upon was a ghost town so that means he could rest get his supplies.
if we did not have computers we would not learn the same.
with this practiced self control they were able to learn the way of peace even in wars.
the topic of censorship is a very touchy subject to start with.
everyone i hangout with is not in to freaky novels.
the offensive things should be taken off the shelves.
he is very respectful to his parents, thanks them for making a great life for him.
i believe that everyone has a right to read anything they want, books are made to be read and looked at.
obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility!
the beauty of the outdoors become forgotten.
i believe censorship is a lousy excuse so that parents and upper government officials have to do less work.
the computer gives people the opportunity to chat online with other people.
we cannot deprive children of that.
offending things in books well the author probably has a reason for it.
find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip.
the two men say, know the best way to get there?
but i do understand that a large percent of our population does enjoy listening to it.
the heat was getting to the cyclist and he was scared he might get heatstroke.
people have the right to choose what books they and what they about.
you can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy.
some features of the setting that affect the cyclist is he is riding a bike through the dessert.
he wants us to obey the law of the land.
i believe that they should leave leave them on the shelves.
lastly, when you learn how to type you have a good shot at getting a good job because you no hot to type and work a computer.
the computer is a good way to contact family and friend.
the feeling could be devastating.
after my father leaves, i have to dress up for school.
also i believe if parents could choose they would decide to get rid of all the mean, nasty, and offensive materials
no, i do not believe they should be, but that is my opinion.
for your keen visual children, this is a much better way learning than using books!
when using the computer you have to look at the screen which is with very bright lights.
not only does it show in his style, but the author also gives details that really create the vibe.
books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing.
so i think that this is a good way to talk to them.
well, i strongly disagree with that statement.
libraries all consist of books from everything you can think of.
explicit movies and music are very bad with seeking to understand.
people who are not punctual waste the time of others and their own time also.
to begin with computers helps us expand our knowledge.
when people think of a library they think of a quiet place to study and read.
if the general public does not like something, it will stop showing up.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
this mood is appreciation.
it helps people understand what is going on in other peoples point of views.
but if parents were more careful about what their children buy then there would not be a problem.
if parents monitor their children closer they will be able to control what they are doing.
for example: they go on website & they go on it over & over & over again.
computers also can teach you how to speak a language.
a library holds many books, magazines, movies, etc.
overall, one would think that computers have a mostly positive effect on the world.
really does love and appreciate his parents and everything they did for him, that being a main theme of the memoir.
why is that?
our life will become very happy if we read good books.
computers can help people meet new people online.
there are running program held at our local beach, , where you can exercise or even run a small competition!
its pretty much a desert.
what if you had to do a report and you could only use the internet, how would you be able to tell if the information is trustworthy?
its about time to move to the next reason.
when kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing.
one is the the person might never come back to that place.
they can always be a positive affect on people when they need something.
until, finally, he reaches a modern area and drinks from the sink in the bathroom.
by censoring these items we will never learn and neither will our children about other cultures, history, or liberal ideas.
dear local newspaper , are computers really as great as they seem?
just set good examples to children or any person not to get a book, movie, or music that is not there age group.
can you believe that this tiny piece of technology is influencing our everyday life?
censorship in libraries.
being so happy made this such a warm home in .
lastly, computers have a negative effect because we rely on them too much!
for example, kids with cancer, or even need to check them can let you talk to this kinds in.
he should grow into a good citizen, with a great admiration for everything good in life.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structures of any kind.
so, one day the child decides i am going to check out a book at the library.
these days come quite often, but what does do?
many people have different views and opinions on things.
you can meet new people who can also give you good advice.
getting lost will also lead to dehydration, tiredness, and heat stroke.
most of all, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.
on thanksgiving my mother was upset because she missed them i was then able to set them up in a video chatroom so my mom could talk to them.
with out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy.
computers have a positive influence on people.
the authors parents invited refugees to stay with them until the got back on their feet.
we all learn something everyday and with the computer, we can make it kind.
i really feel like am on both sides
in the story rough road ahead the author takes a trail he had previously heard about.
one can sit on the rod ahead of the seat and the other on the seat.
secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world.
i was one of the worst book that i have ever seen, we left the library and never came back.
i would not have found my love for reading if libraries were censored like they are.
saving time so they have more time coming up.
use you mouth not your hand.
it involved taking a note cards from different sources.
the computer has anything for anyone.
these are two lessons that my parents did not just tell me.
these two factors will cause major stress in you daily life.
after realizing that memories are whats important and seeing that flowers determination to survive a cold winter, she develops the determination to take the test again.
that student did not even say ‘hello’ to me.
the next morning we went to the famous spot, chail.
now would you want to be looking for one of your favorite books and find an offensive image?
lastly, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check flight information with the click of a button.
he is also grateful for his parents love and sacrifice.
they let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes.
these criminals prey on kids.
this is great if you have family that lives far away, or your in a long distance relationship.
local middle school teacher, , uses computers to teach her students about the culture and geography.
but i do think that it is offensive to people that have young children and there children are reading it .
libraries are to help people with information, fun facts, and all around good resources.
for example, turbo tax is an online program that allows people to pay taxes online and it remembers every tax you have paid.
last year in , it was .
you can order order all types of that needed to .
you can also email.
for example the villain is presented as an attractive character casual, brave, smart and successful with women.
however a child could go home and watch the movies or search the internet for something more controversial.
the text says.
that is why libraries need to discover which books are creating issues, such as books on race or religion.
i would create a good atmosphere in the school.
it is basically part of our human nature.
money, weight and sleep.
we are teenagers and you were once a teenager.
the mood created by the author in.
many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.!
schools everywhere should use computer and keyboards for work instead of paper and pencil.
a computer can also play music.
schools are using computers more and more now.
authors express themselves through books and articles, directors through movies, and musicians through their music.
in the essay rough road ahead the setting greatly affects the cyclists.
when was a good smile run.
will our freedom of speech be negated, or our freedom to assemble?
taking out the pieces in the library, will be useless in the long run.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
however, is not the only one that has gained hand eye coordination from computers.
the first reason why is that most spend their time social networking.
the author is grateful that his parents left their homes and left everything behind to give a better life to their kids.
people think during the winter there is nothing to do.
it causes him to dehydrate and have a need for water.
this is a positive effect for our country.
i could read from name-plate that he was the librarian.
my family always does stuff together like board games and what not.
educational tours arranged by schools promote interstate and international goodwill.
so there were many thing that affected the author and the cyclist, when they were on there journey.
people need to take it upon themselves and understand what they can and cannot handle, and then apply that to their daily lives.
if you have family or friends that live far away or in another country, then you can communicate them by computers.
also, who knows teens are doing on the computer.
many schools across the country use computers to help teach kids.
they are also far more reliable.
there are things people will not agree with.
the profession of a teacher is not easy.
so there is no reason for it to be taken off.
censorship in libraries i know as well as everyone else does, that you can find almost anything, reading related, in the library.
you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss.
this does not mean that these things should be removed from the though.
people are going to be mad whether they are there or not.
i believe they should set a timer on how long they are on the computer.
also, they are very addictive.
when she does purchase it she goes home and gives it to her mom and they plant it.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
the author shows how proud was of his parents and how thankful is.
their perseverance, set-goals to be achieved and a thorough knowledge about the world made their dreams come true.
or to learn about places that you never been to before or would like to vacation to.
there are a lot of offensive material in libraries.
the people living in villages have no entertainment except the fairs.
my views on censorship in libraries are alike in many different ways.
you can communicate with them through , or both.
i know when i get bored i go on the computer and play a game called .
this is why the hibiscus is so important to the story.
so i deleted the account.
and this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer.
dear local newspaper, computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping.
second, is your water supply.
it is just like text messaging, only through computers.
it is just life
to break the impasse, i exchanged the note.
they also give the ability to learn about far away places.
i think that this difference between books and movies is a simple thing: books do not normally have an inappropriate cover, while bad movies often do.
this aggression cause others to get aggressive in response, which lead to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) nobody wants.
exercising gives you energy and is good for you.
computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars.
says a local mother as she talks about a computer game.
computers have varies websites such as and which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework.
he explained his life, home, family, and parents.
this shows that computers are important to students, and are used their benefit.
for students it would be a nightmare to have to do reports without a computer.
so he can have a better life.
but overall the mood is sad.
lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games.
he had to exert in order to keep going, along with being dehydrated the cyclist had to deal with dangerous animals.
in the final paragraph, she finds that like the cherished hibiscus flower, she must be resilient and determined to succeed in her new home
it was a great occasion for socializing.
that is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten.
her old country was so important to her.
moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise.
that has not stopped millions of teenagers from reading this novel, which is considered to be a rite of passage for most young adults.
“the best day to accomplish something is the day before tomorrow”.
do we need computers at home?
praying to god is part of all religious practice.
the computer enables us to find information for a project, or construct a diagram or data table for a survey.
the place was full of people from different countries.
so now you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam.
in the book, 'a ', there is a lot of detailed events that happen.
anything is good in moderation, even a computer.
we all have are opinions.
to make it worst, she failed the drivers test.
in the process, many boots stepped on my shoes and i too trod on many boots.
people meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.
if you had to write an essay on censorship in libraries, how would you come about this.
since then my friend does is go on the computer.
an ideal citizen knows his rights and responsibilities.
a computer might save your life one day.
all you gotta do is go to that certain room, look for , check out and you got a nice book to be reading anytime.
if they get on that talks about drugs and some other things they could be offensive by that.
i hope to hear back from you soon.
parents might not want their kids seeing, hearing, or reading that sort of stuff.
in the it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press.
some people agrees that it benefit the society and others disagree.
we thank god when he leaves.
i think that they should put some books on the shelves that people will like and the music that people will like.
do you like your computer?
just as the flower will bud, she will be a new person and thus pass the test.
have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much someone thought it was raining?
if i could pick what to do i would keep the books on the shelves and make the kid happy
one way that computers help us is that they bring people together by using the internet.
some might find it offensive and others not.
the author is a .
in my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society.
books are learning.
age groups on books, is a great idea.
computer are ruining these things for people.
they teach us life long lessons.
there are other genres of music that deal with all of the things i listed above.
this is needed, especially in school.
while you are on the computer you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and find out if you have any homework.
the second girl was right.
if someone disagreed with this and felt that it was too serious or offensive to young readers, many new readers would never know this book.
libraries have all kinds of amazing different books.
overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries.
many people are affected negatively by computers.
for one reason the computer helps people find out information about anything.
also, spending to much time on the computers and others things then taking time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
right off the bat, i can think of many offensive or inappropriate books, movies, songs, and magazines.
you might think that computers are helping society today, but you are wrong.
just as a flower blooms one spring it dies in the winter and then comes again in the spring.
with him thinking about this it made him forget about the heat.
the world has seen on several occasions what censorship can do to people.
censorship is editing or just plain getting rid of.
this is not what the author wants.
i am the fifth child of my parents.
in conclusion just do the right things and you will be healthier than ever.
but overall there needs to be some type of censorship in public libraries.
i am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how i make friends.
some say there should be, some do not.
computers are useful for adults as well.
the complex features of the setting affect the cyclist negatively throughout this story.
also, students use computers for research; learning about different parts the world.
while she was planting it she seen geese and she was reminded of home.
while doing this he and saves my parents money.
however, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating.
the policeman uses force if there is a danger to the lives of citizens.
kids believe most of what they watch in movies.
everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and like that.
secondly, the cyclist started running out of water.
dear local newspaper, has come to attention that we are debating on weather or not computers benefit society.
the lack of a dry place can make you thirsty by itself but after riding a while it became bad.
they have a choice on whether they can get it or not.
we should think carefully before we do something.
dear , computers have both negative and positive affects on people.
everyone goes on the computer.
is there a place out there that you really want to know more about, that you hope to someday visit?
in the end computers are a necessary item in a business.
i personally think, at a certain age, they need to know about this stuff.
the authors have the right of freedom of speech but it can go the other way around too.
but with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device?
we swapped numbers and addresses.
personally, i am an advocate of not saying curse words.
taking the media from its citizens, such as books, movies, and music, is unconstitutional.
also they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
to sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends.
if you online you can in the computer.
this point we need to embrace everyone else for who they are and what they believe because there is nothing we can do to change those beliefs.
furthermore, it is obvious when people are on the computer, they usually block out what their friends & family are saying to them.
if someone does not approve of a movie or something, they can search another shelf.
she chooses to end like this to show the change of the mood throughout the story.
they should make different sections in the library for the offensive books that they have.
another reason is that it shows strength.
his very happy he came from such friendly family.
computer you have to program it according to your requirements.
they might have information to tell people around the world.
they can have a really good meaning behind it.
most libraries are divided up into different sections, there is a section for adults, teens, and children.
is very important to spend time with your family.
all the features of the environment through which the cyclist is riding affect him greatly.
for one device to do all that is amazing!
he says its his job.
it can tell you about crimes that are happening.
is it right sending sheltered teens out in the world unable to fend for themselves?
but the computer can give you the news in an article then show you it in a video.
yes, books and movies should be censored.
in the they are struggling as implied by the mothers reaction at the cost.
a computer can really the of your life.
i also know people who use the computer the right way and they are very happy people.
if it was not for libraries, the people in society would not be as smart as they are
all in all, he was very determined to work through the very unfortunate conditions he had working against him, and very lucky to survive it.
the author concludes the story wt this passage because its symbolic.
one of the first things is our freedom of speech.
the computer does help with the educational needs students in .
for example, year old used to go to the gym everyday before she got her own computer.
if your ever trouble on something you could always look up information about it.
hey my name is and i have some things to talk about that people need to hear.
in conclusion, .
as she told her mom she felt the pain again but, her mother made her favorite food and helped her plant the plant.
there not the kind anyone could go out and but though.
it is also a great learning technique for research.
also is a family come up you could your family members instead of calling them because they would talk to you forever.
thousands of students who cannot attend a school, college or a university are taught through it.
but there also can be things that you do want them to read.
because of this, it would be unfair for materials to be removed from libraries based on solely opinions.
so when the country that she is has spring again, she will take that test because that country reminds her of her original country in the spring.
the author concludes with this because it had the most impact.
in the kitchen was the backdrop to life in their home.
also, you waste your time on the computer you can lose the ability to interact with your family and friends.
there could be many reasons why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
another person might read it and like it.
in conclusion was very proud and thankful to his parents.
even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice.
they tear leaves from the books.
the hibiscus also relates to the theme because it is able to adjust to changes.
this way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none.
he came to an abandoned grape juice factory and hung his head.
communication would be, schoolwork would be far more difficult and we' lose a source that generates tons of fun.
last but not least you could just enjoy it.
when she grows again like a flower she will go prove to past that test.
should we take all things that are offensive to us off the shelves, or leave them so people who do enjoy them do.
the same thing could be said for these materials in the library.
a poll even says that of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer.
when he wrote his tales, he made the high class people sort of mean while he made the lower caste people on the humbler side.
that is how the setting affected the cyclist in a negative way.
a heat stroke can be fatal to anyone, especially those with heart problems.
this can lead you to getting glasses or possibly going blind.
ashamed that she failed the test, she still showed her mother the flower she found, which was not like the one at home.
the most critical reason is that computers let people learn about faraway places and people.
dear local newspaper, technology is really a fascinating thing in life is it?
although painful heat was a brilliant way to learn a lesson in cycling, and the old men helping with directions.
the author was grateful to his parents.
dealing with wild life can also be an obstacle.
the author sets a calm, kind and gentle mood by talking about family and friends.
or at least try to do the same.
i firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive.
because of the stormy winds, the branches were swaying.
so why travel when you can see all of it on your computer.
the rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well.
the memoir were changing all through the book.
its not like they are watching anything bad.
but its also making there life very in healthy.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
my name is , and during essay i am going to show you what i am talking about.
censorship, in regard to moving the books to a new location where a child can stumble upon it, is the best choice.
when springs set in, flowers burst into bloom and the earth seems to be smiling.
have to look up something on the computer, some jobs you have to apply by computer, lastly allows you to talk online with other people.
',strongly apply to this.
additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet.
if parents would be responsible for taking action, their child should understand that they are taking the wrong book from the bookshelf.
i know a lot of people who love it though.
you could just put age restrictions on the books.
most people used computers.
life is what it is from contributing factors.
there would be nothing left.
you can go swimming or even have a picnic in your local park.
if the summary is too vague, then they know to read a few pages inside the book.
speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays.
it ended up being scary for another reason, as multiple uncensored sex scenes were displayed throughout the first couple minutes of the feature.
most kids would not be able to reach as high as a adult.
in addition, most people use computers.
the author, , uses many curses in the dialogue between characters.
my opinion is that libraries should be used primarily for educational purposes.
computers are helping people more than they are hurting them.
this is how the setting affected the rider.
everyone has a favorite book.
thus, an author that has practiced and perfected his writing skill does so in hopes of publishing his work.
parents could help by keeping an eye on what their child is doing.
one raise the question of these books possibly invoking violence.
after several hours of setting on a couch watching everybody else do it, they finally had him talked into it.
everything was fine until he ran out of water and reached the hills.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist by making him thirsty and him thinking he is lost and going to die.
the invention computers has made it easier to catch up with family!
northern states lead by lincoln won the war, and he abolished slavery.
you can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like.
also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time.
interpretation of great scriptures, classics and literature, autobiographies of great men, history etc.
inappropriate media is surrounding us daily, including children.
the internet can quickly and directly answer your questions.
on the other hand, some people say that computers are bad.
so you have total freedom to purchase(check out) any of those rated movies.
i, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own.
today most business is conducted over the internet or on a computer.
however, hes still optimistic, finally it funny that it was once a thriving little spot.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
first, we should have computers because it teaches us things that we might not have been taught before.
he even saw a snake.
cadets and the scouts gave a salute to the chief guest.
he started getting a little doubtful with himself as well, that wont help much with bringing success of the trip.
if any word is changed it is a incorrect .
as a , i doubt you say that research is a negative affect on school kids.
personally, i hate rap.
that is not natural.
some say your not exercising or nothing so you get too fat, or too skinny and your not healthy at all.
they help adults stay in contact with their friends.
also the desert gives the author low hope of reaching his destination.
this be dangerous for younger people, so be careful.
i say it can be an advantage because it is giving people a chance to experience above and beyond what they are learning.
even though it is a really good book and a lot of read it.
their should also be an adult with you if entering into the room.
in my own opinion i think that people should get less time on computers more time exercising, enjoying, nature, and interacting with family and friends.
for example, you will forget to exercise, you will forget nature, you will also forget to interact with your friends and family.
we should always think about the results before we say or do something.
the library should listen to its customers that visit the library often.
this is a great way to educated.
it is impossible to please everyone, so what should be done?
so if you wanted to learn a language then you would go to google or something and try to find a fast easy site.
also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings.
other experts disagree.
have you been watching what your kids are reading about or what movies they are watching?
this quote clearly represents a loving mood throughout the memoir because, like the first quote, it represents friendship and family.
now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but not least made me and yours life better.
he learn that just because they are old and looks wise they have information probably older than the artifacts at a museum.
i think it was happy because it says he loved to cook and he thanked his parents for teaching him to cook.
the web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers.
dear our local newspaper, computers have a huge effect on people in a negative way.
however, thank you for reading.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
i think is dangerous for kids.
i could neither watch tv and enjoy, nor study.
i know you will agree with me when i say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves.
if your not really into using the for communication you could learn.
a recent study done at showed that of kids older than already know how to type on a keyboard.
in the story winter hibiscus written by ho.
by censoring the speech of authors, their rights have been denied.
it read rough road ahead do not exceed posted speed limit.
this shows or explains that the going could get a little tougher now because he will have to be riding up hills and he is almost out of water.
dear local newspaper, opinion on computers is that i think they are the most helpful thing in our society and it benefits us greatly.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
in conclusion, computers are horrid for people.
after all the freedom of speech is written in our rights.
this is important to because i am not very well organized when it comes to school.
it gets people thinking as to what other books are also offensive.
in conclusion, the setting affected the cyclist in this story.
students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects.
when we get ill she is unrest.
when your were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer?
and video games.
they could also have movies and magazines like that and that is not a good influence.
in front of a all does not support you with the natural urge to exercise.
what if computers are doing more than that?
in my personal opinion i do think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold.
the average spends hours on the computer everyday.
a child looks at things like that they get ideas about what the book is talking about and try those things they read.
there are also lot of different in what people want.
if it has nudity or sexual content it will tell you or be put in a different section.
not everyone is the same, so not all people are going to think the same way.
there are films, songs, music, dramas, plays etc.
he still has hope that he would end up safe and in the right place.
the person could go out and see friends and family.
when you turn segregation into unity then good things are bound to happen.
people are wasting their days away on the computer.
people under should also be restrained from looking through these materials.
everybody has there different opinion and this is my opinion.
second one would have to consider the time and age that the book has taken place and that was language used back then.
our teacher stresses the importance of practicing at home to get your typing speed a little higher.
people should be allowed to read whatever type of books they would like, and about anything that interests them.
no matter how bad they are their informational books and we need them to learn
computers allow use to play games, and learn about almost anything.
the flower faces many dangers, but still manages to blossom.
that we find offensive.
it sounds as if he is struggling very hard to keep going without water and a clue about where he is.
the fashion of the and is just a project i did last month.
our whole world senses is.
i had revised my syllabus twice.
does it even matter what the owner wants to sell?
i think when she failed the test it brought out feelings of how she thinks she is failing to adjust her new home.
you want me to write an to my local newspaper about what i think on the effects they give people.
each parent has different values and standards for their child.
its been proven that computers cause memory loss.
she offered me a small chair to sit on and enjoy the dance.
the rough terrain also led to her using own strength to get up and down hills, and to get plants and animals.
the setting in the short story; rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit greatly affects the cyclist.
his book taught me a few things and made me think different about people.
but science has also produced many destructive weapons.
they should be able to explore however they desire.
it also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in playing video games.
all they worry about is winning the game.
the magazines i read about aka seventeen magazine seem to comment about how beautiful these people.
people have to be careful of what they say, and i feel that makes speaking and attempting to express yourself so much more challenging.
great websites that are packed with information, like , can only be accessed using a computer.
when this happens, people stop reading the book and other books in the same category.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or structure of any kind.
sometimes it helps show what mood the reader has in the story.
then, for his birthday his parents bought him a computer!
of people should just get of the computer all the time and just chill with your family and friends.
the family risked everything to help other families.
they teach hand eye coordination, give people to learn about faraway places and people can you actually believe some people say otherwise?
many of those books that many people read are those that others calls explicit.
to them everyone in their neighborhood was their family and they all looked after each other.
she have thought, if this plant can make it through the winter and still keep growing, than she can make it through the test.
some argue that the artists and authors still have the right to express themselves, but they are expressing material that is to risque or graphic to promote.
people could see where something is, locate it, or learn about the place.
now he just a nobody.
it was a hot desert and he needed something to drink.
it seems that he will never reach his good and he will continue to suffer in the grueling heat.
these advances in the technology are making us very selfish.
as he travels on he notices everything is abandoned and empty.
offensive or not?
i believe the computer is critical for success and happiness in life.
because there were no towns on the road it made it very difficult for him to find water which led him into a dehydrated state.
most people now think this is very racist.
off the shelves so a person cannot read or watch them, is a very positive thing.
also, it has many website, like , or , that let you interact with friends.
good, because people start to read better after reading a lot, and bad because a lot of people dislike to read.
there are a lot of other options on the shelves that do not include such topics.
dear newspaper you think that children spend to much time on the computer.
obviously, being able to talk to some are over the computer is a useful thing to have.
i hope you understand as to why i feel this way.
that is the whole point in reading is so you can learn.
sometimes people save money because they buy something online a sale than going to a store and paying anymore money.
they would give up their living space to a friend who was having a hard time.
also, the features of the setting affects her determination.
that shows how much cares about her mother and father and how respectful is towards them.
i know you will agree with me when i say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life.
school officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in .
with spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very cool and funky.
before computers and internet, there were only these ways to have fun during boring times in the day.
not all books are made for a particular age group or gender.
they said that they can interact with family members who live far away.
a library is a public place where people are supposed to get whatever books they choose.
most of those people are of age.
the computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society.
it was very cold at night.
in fact my favorite book is banned from my school library.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph to let the reader compare the girl to the geese and the hibiscus.
then, the item will be shipped to your door.
a car was coming at a very high speed.
more public places should start a system of them.
so people that are on have a reason for why they are on the computer.
, we have the laptop which is a portable computer we can take anywhere.
then our teacher read out lovely stories.
he once took me to a dog-show, where i got the second prize.
overall the author could not had a better family then this, they showed them how to live and that is what a families should accomplish.
she said, when the snows melt and the geese return and the hibiscus is budding, then i will take that test again.
computers also give us the ability to research places and things we never get the opportunity to see in person.
you can have fun with computers.
i would like to no how some of these people come up with this at.
instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise.
you can feel the warmth of the room with the adjectives he uses.
personally, i would like to be able to go to my library and pick out a good book.
words do not exist that can describe how amazing those parents are to do what they did.
this takes time to learn but out over internet i learned it quickly.
the mood created in this memoir is love and unity.
these advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives.
therefor, computers affect us greatly.
some talk about nonfiction and some fiction.
everyone just pushes and jostles.
we must prevent this at any way possible
for other purposes like wanting to play online with fellow student or friends then you have to use computers.
this was true history so there should be no restrictions to that sort of book.
for example, when it snows.
parents, now than ever, are concerned about how their children are raised, and are always looking to clear inappropriate things away from their lives.
the book should not be taken away from other people just because someone be offended by it.
without items such as books we could have a hard time learning new stuff all the time.
if another person wants to read the book or magazine they would just have to wait until the book or magazine is returned to the shelf.
the theme of this story is adjusting to things in life.
this is just another great use of computers.
email has also been very beneficial to society as well, as helps people communicate and plan events, which brings me to my next topic.
in the past, books have been censured by rulers and leaders who thought that the material was harmful.
i feel that if that one parent complains and no one else has that they should not be allowed in that library anymore.
books did not always give you the information you needed whatever was written was all you got.
some might say, ' means that the people of will be much more green!'
and basketball keeps you quick and always running.
the mood of this memoir was a comforting and happy mood.
a family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career.
so get to .
those books and things is not very bad they actually help.
and last children should be playing outside.
and last the service.
the last reason is the most important to of family.
this is there because going to the library means you have to round up the kids get in the cor and go.
finally, the lack of water has a huge effect on the cyclist.
as an , every man has the right to do or read what he wants.
so the author of this article really shows how just the whole town had a sense of togetherness with the family.
these part of the setting gave the cyclist a bad affect.
televisions have almost replaced the radios and transistors.
although, computers can help people in so many ways, they can also make things worse for people.
i then eat breakfast with my parents.
what can you do about this problem?
so over all i say computers are good and very useful when used in the right hands.
we all should keep these materials as a reference to future generations.
school is not only a teaching building, but also a social place.
when she gets home and shows her mother the hibiscus, her mother says that it is strong enough to make it through the cold months here.
for me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break.
during the year.
every night i keep a handful of grain on my window sill for birdie.
this can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them.
this very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily.
when the burned the books, we almost lost a whole civilizations culture and literature.
without computers a negative affect people.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family.
for example, children should be taught that there really are bad people in the world.
could use it for the , , and .
but a few days lapse may make him unfit, for any cure, even with costly drugs.
usually after that, they are done with the magazine.
is it surprising to you that almost everyone and anyplace that is famous is on the internet.
it causes the world to change very fast.
if i had a story to tell and i spent a long time working on it.
my address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload.
however, that does not mean there should not be any limitations.
he feels more confident and can ride to his destination.
i know that there is always something that pulls you back in.
those are my reasons why the effects computers have on people are not good.
the author uses symbolize to convey more of the story.
websites that are selling stolen merchandise.
if it is a bad day then they will not want to but probably will.
but with computers and online sights like , or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world.
when i really wanted a bike i saw my mom end up getting it for my birthday.
the cyclist had very little water and had to conserve it in order too stay active and have energy.
not everyone believes in the same ideas.
its flat feet do
his family teach him lots of stuff that why now is have been the basis of his life.
and probably makes him wonder if he is ever going to make it to a town.
computers have millions of games that a kid can play for free.
the books and things in the libraries need to be changed and not be so bad.
if another person wants to listen to music or watch a movie they should also do the same.
i appreciate you taking the time to read this and hopefully you will take my opinion into consideration when debating over the topic of computer.
yesterday, when i was on the computer i got bored and did some random searching, and in that min.
but if everyone were to start thinking like this all morals would be forgotten.
the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit, affected the cyclist greatly.
the importance as to why the author ended this story like this was to show readers the importance of the plant.
working from home makes another day at the office, another day at home.
we have to nurse it well.
i believe that no material should be taken off of the shelf just because one person found it offensive.
the fairies stood around me.
the heat definitely effects this mans cycling in a bad way.
now that their family together they can spend the rest of there life happy together
in conclusion, the computers
books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we have never thought about before.
now, lets talk about exercising a bit more.
say its not good for you i hope you liked my prompt so it can go in the newspaper.
with , i can not only hear her voice every day but see her face, too.
you might not like , you might even hate .
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
your stressed and on edge you have just hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay.
second, are many solutions to try out before taking an item away.
so far there has not been much progress in the lists so i would like to ask that if there are any readers out there reading this article.
most important a library is a place that you should not get offended in by what some one looks up, checks out or even says.
by cycling towards up and down no often, it secured his journey.
she has seen the familiar plant on her way home as she went to a florist shop to try to buy one.
over one million people on the computer daily.
many people believe computers are bad but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them?
the internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other.
another opinion is that i think people should not spend most of there time on the computer.
in return, they were respected.
when kids get home from school they put their name work down and go right on the computer.
just like video games only a certain age group could play the game because of the things they do in the game.
in our country we are allowed to express our opinion by the .
another great effect of people on computers is socializing and having fun.
this is very bad for your health and body.
what do , , and all have in common?
computers can really be dangerous to you health!
one of the much enjoyed pieces of technology.
family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, the time you have with your family get less and less.
she loves the music, the food, and the culture.
it just can not be avoided.
sometimes computers take a lot of stress of you.
it has forty classrooms.
it is an institution that is allows one to go places that they will never go and live lives they never will live.
an advantage of using it in school, means so much to the people and there education, computers have changed the human race forever.
all your doing is staring at a screen.
so does the computer mess up someones life in anyway or is it just you.
everybody has there own preference on the kinds of books and music that they like.
if my ambition is fulfilled, i shall do my best as a teacher.
how can you make fun of someone who does self harm.
libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in .
if you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world.
without it, our family would not be able to function.
materials that the library has is for everyone to check out if they want to check anything out of the library.
just because it offends some people does not mean it should be taken off the shelf because other people might need that book.
all those years gone in front of the computer.
so get it fixed now or just get over what ever you find offensive
hobbies fill a gap.
computers have technical problems that delete files.
people have had serious injuries and scams placed on them because the internet.
kids and adults both go on computers.
after watching all of the films that were available at the time, i just could not look at a doll the same way again.
one of the main reasons why i think it should be left alone as is so that the children can read it.
another thing the computer can teach you is about animals.
those reasons are ) people have friends and family in other states ) some people use them to stay organized and ) computers help you learn more.
the geese and snow she admits are the things that were strange before [and] had become familiar to her now.
that is why should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outside to.
for example, the heat is constantly drying the biker out.
it is simply a place to inform, and if someone is offended by what they see, they should stay away from the library.
do they have a good effect or bad effect.
it is because you know what is right and wrong.
his parents doors were always open to everyone.
when they grow up they are going to be like them because everybody sings there songs and everything else.
they give people chance to chat with people allow them to make friends.
they have books that a teen who normally read.
the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer.
this can educate others in to knowing that if you do this then this is the result, good or bad.
this made his journey very dangerous.
what choice are you choosing for you life?
she hopes when she is happy.
freedom is the key to any way of living.
i knew this who played video games from about foot away for long period of time a day.
for instance, a book on an religion.
the mood he has set is love and kindness.
censorship has been the topic of many debates involving politicians, activists, and the everyday citizen.
movies and magazines are my biggest thing that would worry me.
i do not believe that any material should be removed from library shelves.
personally, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
movies are the better ones.
over the last thousands and thousands of years media has grown at an incredible rate through books, music, movies, and magazines.
the books are there for entertainment.
yes i know there has been rumors about people threatening over chats.
once child read an article , book.
after she failed the test she bought the flower.
you cant really take anything out of a library because either way their would be a lot of upset people.
first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things.
they should tell you what type of stuff is in there before you go in.
but this is just one of the many uses a computer has.
libraries are places of learning.
you can look up what happened during one of your favorite basketball games.
music is something that brings people together and allows them to be unique at the same time.
computers benefit us by easy aces to info.
the author concludes the story with optimism and hope for the future.
the author concluded with that statement to represent the importance of the plant and the surroundings of when she wants to past the test.
also, some people who type super fast go to get test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words a minute.
i feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now.
had they been on a different mountain, there would have been no snow storm and they would be fine.
the altercation ended only when he passenger had enjoyed the last puff.
finally, i would like to get on some of the movies they let people check out.
it is also joyful to know that most of his family will be coming to live with him.
i myself as a take offense to some of these magazines, promoting being perfect and having the life sucked out of you as you read each passage.
the positive effects of computers on people are infinite, but we need to learn not to take them for granted.
every adult watching the news at night before they go to bed to see what has , what if you went to bed early.
you could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them.
that is no excuse.
life is to short to worry and feel offended.
last, offensive materials have impacted society for ages.
have you ever been in the situation when you can' ?
many people have laptops in their home or with them.
that is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from any shelf.
this does not mean that we need to get rid of comedies just because that there are some people who dislike them.
it gets shipped to our house in less than a week.
some books can have violent language and actions in the book.
it eases your mind to be absorbed in something.
shows that of people in the go on the computer for help with their.
so the computer help me on spelling it also makes your project look better.
i hope that this letter has proves to you computers effect on our society.
censorship is becoming more severe with the change of music style.
time flew, very soon the two hours were over.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist since it is affecting her condition.
you see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media.
it used to be that traveled very slowly, , we can know about it only a few minutes after it happened, thanks to computers.
i do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online.
for example a game, is one the most popular addictive games ever made.
everything is not all bad, it is what you feel is right for your child or whosoever it be.
if you like to play video games.
perfect day to go out and get active, right?
the inner planets (mercury, venus, earth, and mars) are highly dense and rocky.
people get distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore.
offensive books, movie, music, and magazines should be cleared from the store.
people always doubted him and never gave his music a chance.
it is very addicting!
now you have to call a repair man who will charge you even more money!
many things interest different people.
they build cognitive skills and offer a vast wealth of knowledge.
this gives the the memoir a loving and accepting mood to it.
the movement people will normally do is get up and go to the bathroom.
the unity that the neighborhood has formed.
because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families.
your outside about a few hours.
why i think that the libraries should keep the books on the shelves, just out of reach of the children
i have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health.
also, i think that having books that might be a little offensive makes that book more interesting.
yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person.
so be responsible.
all of us are different and we like different things, but we should accept the tastes of others as well as our own
some people work at home on computers.
not all parents find some of the things in libraries offensive, even if they be.
i used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
during those times, people did call by explicit names, even those who were in no way prejudice.
the last bell rang.
which person has the benefit in situation?
no, i sure hope you would not, but to some they see that as their one resolution.
lets start off with a book that has killing in it.
it is not right to deprive communication through these things.
therefor, a personally offensive movie should not be removed from the shelves and prevent the enjoyment of another individual.
there are all different kinds of .
computers can be both good and bad.
whenever i get free time, i read books and i enjoy it.
some might meet some random people online and give them personal info.
i will never forget how my parents turned this house into a home.
a lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets.
by starting now we can make a difference in the lives of thousands.
a lot of people in the world today are having this same question.
dear , in opinion, computers are fantastic!
the parrot is somewhat big.
obesity is a rising issue in and kids need to exercise.
that is messing up the relationship with your family.
my opinion is to let them stay.
politicians themselves especially.
on the full moon day, my father hired a boat for two hours.
for example in the story he says id read once that sucking on stones helps take your mind off thirst by allowing what spit you had left to circulate.
i think that if a book shows very offensive things they should be banned from everyone no matter what.
it the author meant to write the book that way then the writing should stay that exact way.
i think that parents need to tell their children why they do not want them to read a book.
dear , i know having computers has a positive effect on people.
if we could less to other serious problems.
also he is dehydrated because he uses all of his water tend is having to push hard to make it to the next town.
but when he sees the abandoned grape juice factory he becomes desperate and thinks he is going to die out in the desert.
adapt to our .
if the setting were different, this story would not have been as traumatic.
the world in which they lived in had dramatically been affected by the impact of peoples opinions.
their is a nice attitude towards everything through good times and bad always a good attitude.
have you ever been offended?
in the story he said this place might have been a thriving little spot but it was a ghost town.
how she ended it to me was good.
libraries can help us in many different ways.
he is a government servant.
with computers students can also get their homework done and send it to their teacher by email if they cannot make it to school that day.
but do you see that every day in this generation not at all.
it is also very happy.
with the you could learn a lot.
they are both rated differently on levels of age.
the mood of the in the memoir is happy and grateful a quote for being grateful is is paragraph .
there family is happy.
they will be more than understanding and possibly give your child a different book.
have fresh, healthy eyes and get away the computer.
i understand that the parents want their children to be supervised, but removing the books, movies and songs is not exactly the answer.
i wish gold gives me golden wings one day which can appear and disappear when i wish.
the material in our libraries is meant to teach people about life, and people find that wrong, then it means they do not experience life
parents can not always control what their children do.
so if they get in trouble outta class then why do would you teach it or even say it.
it is a harsh scream, that could frighten you in the jungle.
she feels that maybe, if shes been used to this new place for awhile she will have a better chance at passing the test.
he listened to some old guys and he lost his way.
it is much better to interact with people in person, face to face.
some kids can choose to use the computers improperly but at the same time interesting.
he only recounts good things and happy memories in the entire memoir.
she was alone, living with her husband, who was not well, and confined to bed.
that are found offensive should not be allowed to be removed from a libraries book shelves, let alone even be on the shelves.
if you really do not want your child to be of any part of it then take actions to do such.
if it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer.
if the hibiscus blooms, then her new life will also because she will be comforted to the point where she feels security.
from the authors tone, it is clear that the features of the setting do affect the cyclist.
also every thing they get from the computer you get from book.
and the country is .
so, limit yourself time you spend on the computer.
over time, libraries have been used as a big resource when doing reports, researching, renting movies and simply trying to find something new to read.
because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn.
social networking sites like and are all over the internet.
children need to know what has happened in our past to see what they can change in our future.
the author of winter hibiscus purposely had that last paragraph in there.
our religion is a big part of your life because it determines what we believe in, and in we think is right or wrong.
we will all end up dies in the headlights.
the rusty water pump, highway sign and abandoned juice factory all seemed to make his trip more difficult than it already was.
sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors?
its all over the web an etc.
the cyclist is worried, he is not yet depressive and pessimistic.
computers encourage users to be more organized!
censorship cannot be seen as the norm.
you can find worse, hear worse, just by walking down the street just about anywhere.
libraries should make sure the child is at the correct age to check out the movie.
a great example is computers.
little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while.
the heat definitely affected him, because it made him thirsty.
first he says how grateful he is for the customs passed down to him.
if we were to take such books that offend someone out of our libraries, what would we have left?
now in a library yes because no parent would want their eight year old daughter reading about how to make drugs.
the whole second paragraph is wonderfully written it makes me feel like i honestly was the experiencing his home & the love & kindness of his home.
in the next paragraph i will talk about magazines.
dear , you use a computer a lot right?
but computers are being used for other things.
and happens when this movie is released and checked out from the library by a young boy who just wants a fun sleepover with his friends?
well, the books are like the real world.
if they are offended they can not put blame on the author or where ever they got the book because there was a warning.
in removing a book from a shelf we would be eliminating a piece or even life long lessons that are difficult to teach without experiencing them yourself.
but, what about the other thing?
these sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids.
i think that if a book offends a certain group of people they should just simply not read it.
this is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person.
they can cycle for along time; however, weather can affect the cyclist.
from personal experience i can back this statement up with books i have read going through my school career.
for instance, i have a grandma that lives in .
(pg ).
my school has a very big library.
we were all shocked when we learned that everything about it was fake.
some people were standing and some others were sitting on the benches.
this memoir has a lot of mood in it and it makes it a lot better.
and not hot by standards, where it gets to degrees, maybe, by noon.
i think that the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many ways.
do you go on the computer for hours every day?
finally, she expresses happiness.
it is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing!
should you conceal a child from the inappropriate half of the world?
there are baby books, kids sections, teenage and adults sections as well.
you can ask people question.
but there was mud everywhere.
that is hard for some students, typing it is neat, and everyone can do it.
computers are like people with fun to do and things to learn.
she speaks of the driving test, geese, and the hibiscus plant three subjects found in the story.
since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working form one can hurt your vision.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist because the conditions seem impossible to make it in.
we should never have the right to be able to remove these materials.
this is why the author ends the story with this paragraph.
the mood created by the author was warm, welcoming, and gratefulness.
whether it be in writing, singing, or pictures, you know there is always someone going to do something inappropriate.
i think this because in the passage it says, i could drop from heatstroke.
without the internet this would almost be impossible.
most of all, it can cause fights, which later on can turn into war.
the mood that the author created in this memoir is a happy, emotional, and and caring.
second, people can interact with family and friends online.
even though there is racism, one is friends.
he says the sun began taking harder ran and the terrain turned into short rolling hills.
it would be taking away a right in the .
if some people want to fill their mind with filth, let them.
she was embarrassed for weeks after it happened.
last but not least, i am against keeping computers around because people are spending too much time on the computers and less time exercising.
you can talk to relatives, friends, or anyone you want to talk to.
this is because most teens sit inside watching or going on the internet instead of being active.
there is a great rush at the booking windows.
he was then taken for an examination by the bone-specialist.
people make decisions.
the has the highest number of obese citizens in the world.
however, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends.
humility is a good habit.
activities can keep people off the computer.
books, magazines, movies, and music are wonderful.
some people think that offensive books should be removed from library shelves.
although after approaching the old factory, he came across a bait shop where his hope and energy was founded.
like for instance books that tell specifics about drugs.
computer supply so much more then just entertainment.
books are bad, and good.
a young boy jumped into the house and took out the crying child.
you have read my reasons and you have realized what the computer does for the world.
sometimes life can be so cool.
dear editor i agree that people do spend to much time on their computers.
i think that the library is a place where people can go and research information.
most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book.
the parent should be the one to take responsibility.
the world is full of offensive things period.
i noticed that even when my friends go away, they can still stay in touch because of their computers.
where he was raised, and mainly the life his parents provided for him.
it is a good thing because now people can get their work done faster.
well, i from personal experience, my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft.
you could even read a book too.
the bible is considered to be one of the oldest books in the world and is still in print.
computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family.
libraries cannot just throw out books because they offend someone.
a third mood in the memoir is love.
on the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world.
everyone looks fresh and is full of energy.
my next argument against computers about our bodies and minds.
all in all i believe that most books are based off of reality and other peoples visions on the world and what they see.
in the memoir written by the mood is happiness.
you can contact the people there with computers!
well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings, materials, and movies.
this leaves the parent with some control over what kids can watch and hear.
censoring certain things means that people are not going to learn from the mistakes of our pass.
it was one of the most memorable journeys i ever had in my life.
as it states in paragraph .
this is about the geese and is referred back to when she vows to take the test.
this is why i think that computers are very great and useful.
it was also very hot.
one person lend that book to another, therefore the offensive book is being spread around.
that shows that the geese were kind of like her they were moving to a different place to start a new.
i believe that computers benefit society.
you can have music while on the computer and you can watch and check out movies you like.
we all have the choice to what books and movies we want to check out at libraries.
reading books could give people more things to talk about.
the last thing that is subjected to rather extreme censorship is books.
in conclusion, censorship is a concept that has its place in society, but must be used very carefully.
books are often written for the enjoyment of the reader, and if not that books are for informational purposes.
one of the main advantages about computers is they allow people to communicate through them.
some students go to the library.
this section are for the younger children.
so computers do have a positive effect on people.
dear , i believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them.
mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is for quick access to them.
researching on the internet.
this memoir made me connect this family to mines how similar it is.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
if the movie is not appropriate for your children then do not let them watch .
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
on the shelves of libraries; children will find out anyways, wither it is from friends, or the media.
books are a gateway to another world.
i hope that after reading this, you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you.
using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds.
have the parents show you their berth certificate.
they are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side.
if we remove books that be offensive to one, we are taking away that opportunity for others.
they based their lives on family and happiness inside their home.
it would help making finding a book easier for finding that right book.
like in high areas like the top of the shelf, or the closet, maybe the attic.
it, too needs to be taken away if the language, sexual conduct, and criminal behavior messages are adult rated.
he loves the .
by many, i mean millions.
the author also creates a mood of love and caring which her parents showed for her and her sister.
my last reason why i think people spend so much time on the computer is because they are spending less time interacting with family and friends.
i had never seen an airport before, so i was very excited to go with him.
being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand.
the do there kind of things, because are bored people think that statement is true.
so many media sources today are censored that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express opinions.
this is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
lastly, computers can be helpful with homework.
same with music, movies, and magazines.
you eventually memorize where all of the keys are located.
dear , have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer, or wishing you were on it?
everything looked very small.
my friend likes the blue shirts and hates the pink shirts.
or you could ask yourself, what does it really solve?
computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done.
i own a very good map.
people, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday.
when does our first amendment right to free speech with censorship and too much censorship meet?
trees are valuable natural resource.
censorship takes away the one thing a writer has, there freedom of speech.
then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move.
especially being that, children are steadily becoming obese, and developing a weak immune system can affect your life in ways that are totally controllable?
new advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively.
to acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be years of age.
if you are going to read a book, do not get a book that is offensive.
profanity, and action are minor types of offense.
how disappointed am i when i find that the music i want has been removed for being explicit.
not everyone has a great sense of humor so things that some people find funny other people get offended by.
most should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer.
plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home.
the library a place for all sorts of books for anybody to come and have the right to check them out.
in rough road ahead: do not exceed speed limit the cyclist is affected in many ways by his surrounding settings.
the author of winter hibiscus included the last paragraph to convey to readers that she will be moving on, but still remembering her old country.
some movies have a lot of cursing in them but that does not make it a bad movie.
certain materials such as books, movies, magazines, and comics can be offensive to certain people.
in , children spent of their day in front of a computer and outside.
the formal mood makes the memoir easy to understand, while the personal twist makes the story enjoyable to read.
the book did not have any benefit to , but because of that book, i received an 'a' on the research paper.
this can be offensive to parents when they bring their children in, so move it to a place where children cannot have access to this area.
books are meant to entertain readers in a good way and not teach them to become a violent person.
in the essay the biker had no water left but was going down a hill.
i remember when i was about , our phone broke in our house.
when i get home, she will normally be on .
no matter how offensive they might be, there are many other ways to solve this problem.
its all about your style and what you let your child see.
studies show that of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer.
many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement.
this is my daily routine.
people need to stop being so easily offended and realize the library is not trying to harm anyone.
to begin, i will explain some problems in our libraries.
well libraries contain more then just books.
this is on issue that needs attention.
if something is offensive to one person, it be because they have a different background.
you have to look at it from their view.
within the library, there are sections specifically just for children.
after recess i get back to my class.
but its not up to me they need to take a survey on the moms and dads of these children and see what they think about it.
first of all, i know many people think that others wasted their time on computers.
two, if you have a library card, you can check out books, movies, music, etc.
i think computers definitely have a positive effect on people.
imagine the impact if the had locked away every copy of the because it brought about change and controversy.
she will never know unless they meet us somewhere.
the sad thing is, i did not know it before i did it.
many parents, librarians, and teachers were upset by this and argued that the topic was not at all harmful.
people use it for research or something in the future.
get out of the gloomy house and go out to see my friends.
he or she does not have much time for sleep and rest.
parents who have only daughters go on producing children until they have a son.
another reason why you should agree with me is because on computers we can communicate easier.
its almost as though its taken this plant to show her to get back up and pass the test.
but also i think that parents or an adult should look at the criteria first before they allow a child to read or see it.
so, sometimes you have to treat them like an adult.
some things a magazine can contain are about advertising tobacco, such as its good for you to try.
nobody wants to read lies, do they?
second, i think computers have a positive effect on people because it can help you learn about far away places that you have never been to before.
computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends.
when this memoir is read the mood of love is expressed.
how can your music get banned in the land of the free.
so for the censorship towards different groups of people, there will have to be some tolerance.
also there are games on the computer that can help you with math.
that will happen, it is almost natural for it to happen.
some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on their computers.
my last reason is what those people who have a hard finding work they always look up the best job for them over the internet.
talk to the librarian and state your case about what is going on.
how could you become physically fit?
even as adults some of them like to read in there free time.
parent blockers can only do so much.
it is emotional because the care and love for each other.
the censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children are reading and watching.
many people around the world use computers to communicate.
now you have seen reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers.
i think that they libraries should not remove any of the books they have now.
flat road was replaced by short, rolling hills.
they have the ability in and teach us what seems like information, second, they have made the could a smaller place through communication.
his journey seen hopeless and long had that make endless with first wave problems getting strength at him his journey seen to be harder and filled with ??
the says how glade he is that his parents help him out a lot.
the younger kids wont know what bad words are until they get older.
in the kitchen celebrations, childhood, friends and family formed the backdrop to their life.
many people love different types of books, no matter if they are offensive or not others like them.
i have a friend who gets offended by movies that the black guy always gets in trouble or dies first.
a book could be offensive to one person, but not another.
others might argue that they have the right to read, listen, and watch what they would like.
in the desert, there is no water making the cyclist become dehydrated.
also it is used to make reports up for people.
i know not spending time exercising is bad but learning about new things cant be that bad.
if our society cannot even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other type?
the bell goes.
if people are to scared to talk about the bad things in life.
they help people when they need it, it gives people entertainment.
high school student.
and search information in just a couple of clicks.
there are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely.
firstly, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong.
each and every citizen has the right to read whatever they please to.
in this memoir, the author creates a mood.
i, for one do not.
computers cause people to be less active.
this implies that she is putting more effort in to what she do in her new environment and settings.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
in conclusion, libraries should have respect not only for people, but for the materials they have.
i was missing out on a lot of things.
this statement can also mean that they fear that they are going the wrong way.
also, the narration states, she admitted to herself, she much preferred it to a big mac[ho].
you can your job and talk to the people you need to talk to.
after school, kids go home and turn their computer on instead of going outside running and playing.
everyone should be able to have different likes in these areas.
even worse then the books we read.
there are some things that people need have in a library if they are doing a project that way they have the resources to do it.
all of your hard work will be turned into ash, but if it was on the computer you be able to retrieve it.
he was profusely bleeding.
it is one of my most prized possessions.
well this is what i had to do.
when people are on computers all day they have less time exercising.
i strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
in the summer time it is extremely hot.
one way was when he was describing the warmth, music and cooking in his house.
for example, in his story the of .
that is why i think computers are necessary.
on the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered.
remember, it was built for those who enjoy reading and so people can have a place to do so.
there will always be at least person that stands up and retaliates against something they dislike.
in conclusion social abilities are up with computers.
censorship is used most commonly with our movies, video games, and television.
along with personal the memoirs also show a very loving and happy lifestyle they lived.
computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet.
on the other hand, those books be needed.
he is talking about how he had such a good life in the house.
so try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!
in the quote she mentions how if what every single person finds offensive is removed, eventually nothing is left.
the question is then, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative affect on people?
does that seem fair??
so throughout the essay the narrator went without water until he got to a factory, got some water to drink, and got new directions.
i can understand that people have been through things, and might not be happy that offensive materials are around.
if a parent really abhors a certain genre, then it is up to that parent to create a surrounding in which they feel that their child is safe.
its altering a authors work.
there are a few rows of flowerbeds in the flower garden.
no one is going to have the same interest all the time.
books, magazines, movies, and all types of media are placed there for the same specific purpose: to learn and explore.
children today are exposed to more explicit topics, but i doubt they would want to read a book about them.
some people are unhealthy from their childhood.
i will never forget this trip in my life.
the cyclist had very little water for his long trip
i feel that the student or adult should know if it is harmful to the student or not.
now the home has long list of regular patrons.
doing research for a paper on ?
it wrong to talk about them that way because it get teens to think it okay for them to do it and nothing bad is going to happen.
some go for books and others go just to relax in a quiet environment.
with that being said, why would a library take away books that only a certain percentage of people will disagree with?
time limits can fix this problem.
this is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them.
everyone has different views on that book or movie.
dear , i have been through some different libraries lately to see what other kind of information they had.
i think we need to reform this problem soon.
dear newspaper, i am writing to you because think computers really effect people in a bad way.
she was observing herself and how different she appeared as well.
this awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships.
this shows that there were always people around.
a lot of our population of the are obese, including kids.
and i feel that yes i do have a right to remove these books from the shelves.
teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit!
the internet, a marvelous created years ago .
many people use computers in their every day life.
but what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world?
but then some books are not offensive too everybody, so it would be unfair if all books were removed from libraries.
so the setting is affecting the cyclists endurance.
studies show out of people who use a computer, do not exercise with less exercise throughout the world, nations are becoming more over weight.
it could end up in a huge problem, not only for the children and their parents, but also for the school.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is grateful, joyful, and loving.
if there is a need for things like this then have a special store for things like this
children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher.
information on anything is always on the internet.
i just so happen to agree.
this is where the setting changes because the cyclist found cool water finally.
do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around?
we don’t get any food if there is no water.
we could only assume.
for example, a student could have a project over .
dear local newspaper, opinion is yes people are on the computer to much.
is content out that children should not see; however adults have the right to choose what they want to read and come in contact with.
taking away something that can contribute to the every day art of life would slowly create a less creative, inventive, and inspired world.
i believe that everyone has the right to choose what book should be banned form their children,but not from the public.
they will one day take over.
when he arrives at the first town and sees that it is like a ghost town he does not fret but continues on his journey in confidence.
computers in schools help to increase the amount learning our children.
, you will be healthier.
should be removed from the shelves if they are offensive.
they leave their families back home and work hard for protecting the borders.
this led him through the desert.
i think they are a great addition to society though.
you chose it .
and so what, its their time and they want to spend it on the computer.
then he left then a stone went his throat.
do you think it would make life a little harder?
one reason was that he was in the desert.
when he first showed the old men his map he was probably thinking to himself, my gosh, what did i get myself into?!
this shows that just as the winter hibiscus is along winter, and then blooms in the spring, she must be strong during these hard times.
she is taking it to prove to herself no one else.
writers state things that to some degree offend one in a million people.
everyone in the world has different opinions.
so the computer is necessary for to function as well.
he was affected by lack of water, the hills, snake in the way and the condition of the road.
and i will know about computers and man what to do.
those are some examples of the setting affecting the cyclist.
students develop the qualities of self-help in a hotel.
my next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online.
i believe using a computer is part of you healthy choices and you can lean a lot more than you really think you can.
the people that think there should be censorship on library books will most likely get there way at least in their community.
i am very fond of my dog.
if you let this catch on the generation will all need glasses its almost like a domino effect.
items are all over society.
her name is kitty.she is big with white and brown.
if you start going through the magazine and find something you do not like or take offense to, either keep flipping the pages or put the magazine down.
for example, many parents do not want their children reading, listening or watching certain things.
i think that children are simply not mature enough to be exposed to all of the books, magazines, and movies.
many would consider even this great literary work as a movie inappropriate.
magazines should be censored in the same way as movies, by maturity level and age.
rather than, lead them into making bad decisions.
those features at the setting affected the cyclist a lot on his trip.
also the setting seems to be very hot.
or it could be a story base on something that happening to the writer like about a death of a loved and how to deal with it.
no one can force a person to not read a certain book or listen to a certain song.
also that he loved his parents dearly and every chance he gets, he thanks them.
while being helped in return.
also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer.
so now he has no cool water to drink when he says, not two miles into the next section of the ride, i noticed the terrain changing.
you can learn about where and how the person lives.
this also could show that it is hot because he thinks its a mirage, and people usually see them in the desert, where it is hot.
although some experts want people to use computers less, that technology is required in schools.
he is grateful of his friends and family.
if the book was needed by somebody they would not be able to get it because it was removed.
today, so many people think of censorship as a bad word.
all libraries are broken down in sections.
about of our world enjoys nature.
dear , that use computers is a good thing.
people also take the liberty of simply removing whole pieces of media from shelves just because they find it offensive.
how would you feel if you went to your local library one day and most, if not all, materials had been removed?
also people can get arrested for what they write online.
that is why you should agree with me that we
now a days you can do anything on a computer.
every time he thought he was saved he was put down again by that fact.
also, when the story says that the town had been abandoned.
kids would start reading at a slower rate, causing grades to drop.
some houses are made of bricks.
there is the ongoing discussion on whether these should be available to everyone.
thus, like the books, the magazines should also have ratings.
what is offensive?
after all who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare yourself for life?
no parents wants to see their go through young.
not for me, but for you.
through the internet, people can learn about places to travel bike and exercise while enjoying nature.
no one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect.
computers rise perhaps the only thing that actually benefits our society.
he also provides us with sugarcane, cabbage, cauliflower, beans and many other vegetables and grains.
reading is yet fun but it is also , with out being in school!
the cat is domestic per animal.
please excuse the mess.
this can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise.
now he knows what pages to read from the science book.
if we were to allow one person to judge things what should be included?
the place was real to!
healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important.
she can get better, so that this time she will pass.
turns out, the summary of the story on the back is actually about college kids partying and participating in illegal activities.
do you want your child to have fun?
yes, crime has gone up in the past years, but computers have helped us catch criminals.
in addition, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures.
today, obesity is a major problem.
this is a big part of teenager life.
someone else from my community could have the same trait of thought i have when reading a scary book.
my final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and if you think your ready.
this quotation the author recognizes that his parents faced many hardships, and praises them by showing his admiration.
the cyclist was affected by the directions of the old man.
i believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people.
that is why they have sections for the books, but there are times people are rude and mix them up on purpose.
in agriculture, we should not overuse chemicals.
complex simple to use technological a world of pictures simple, art and history right at your fingertips.
they play a big role in society.
the sun gives us light and heat.
i loved each moment of it.
in paragraph , he explains that family means those who care for and about you and stick by you no matter what.
limiting or censoring the mass media we have in our libraries would nearly empty them.
the final paragraph talks about snow melting, geese returning and the hibiscus budding.
like it might be a comic book that my say something that someone my take offense to.
drinking drink after drink never having any water.
he said, i hung my head this shows how he almost completely lost all hope and that he was sure that he is going to die.
we have telephones.
i had studied the whole year.
to others the words are just offensive.
they diminish , so bad increases and the need for increases.
the removal of the potentially offensive material would not be any help.
virtual people are not your real friends and family.
more than of most students in an average school have one.
there are happy, grateful, stressed, calm, relaxed and harsh moods.
i mean in sounds corny but can happen.
people will fight for their freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it any way they have to.
time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem.
in the memoir, the mood created by the author is very understandable and true.
they can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility.
everyone one goes to a library to learn more about what they like to do or read a really good book.
in books are censored.
i have the option signing onto something called or email.
these brilliant inventions also helps us learn a bout different places and people.
computers allow people to easily.
we learn information about the world and about what is going on.
i do have to agree with because she is right.
there are many to choose from like videos, movies, , , games anything that is suitable for the user or users of the computer.
a library wont immediately buy new books about it.
this brought his hopes down.
so we need to keep the books on the shelf and let people learn if not we could be in danger.
if we were to censor books then there would be nothing to read in libraries.
dear , you all know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers.
they are showing the violence that people only have in their head.
one reason would be not get exercise going on the computer all day, you will only get worse.
the censorship that i am discussing is specifically about censorship in libraries.
first of all i think that when the cyclist came across the ghost town he felt alone and discouraged.
they just recently got back from their honeymoon.
nobody wants to be criticized in a book or such.
if they censor the one book that you need then that could possibly ruin the whole book for them.
if we are to live in a country, where a man has the rights he should have, then we cannot censor library books.
they are wrong.
for example, said, i was going to die and the birds would pick me clean, leaving only some expensive outdoor gear and the diary.
there is a difference between having books that educate children about other cultures, and those that educate them about sex and explicit material.
he states that he could never thank his parents enough for the valuable lessons they instilled in him, especially their generosity and sense of community.
people should at lest get of exercising.
one person find the book offensive and the next person not.
if people were to read books very often, there would not be enough to do anything else.
however, personally i feel that this constant usage of computers has a negative impact on people.
the setting in this story deeply effects the cyclist.
also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players.
for some people books are a great past time.
click on these, and information that is needed is displayed.
the next example is that when she find this flow she know she do it again.
i believe that the is the most important book in the world.
though not in the same way, many times these publications are written about current news or social aspects of life.
sounds great right?
without physically bringing your textbook home you can view the book online.
the days are getting shorter lets live it like.
a beggar is a man who asked for things from others.
i know in my experiences i have found some things that were offensive, so i am sure that they are out there.
to me it is so comforting because it is such a happy memoir, where these two young people invite other people over their house all the time.
dear newspaper, i read an article in the paper debating whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
your fingers will get muscle and will teach you to remember where to type without looking down on the keyboard.
their family ) their job.
i went on a bike ride that was many miles long in , and we did not have water because we could not take a break.
would the ideas of other people be heard around the world without books in our libraries?
now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day.
but here comes the computer to the rescue!
computers allow people video chat and talk online.
sometimes they are typing the facts and also what they feel is write to say.
especially kids should be outside playing and exercising.
the advantage that he had was he left before the sun came up.
you would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts.
the author thanks his parents several times.
these things can still benefit our society though.
you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop.
two the heat is making him thirsty and is running out of his water.
this is not a very good addiction to get into.
sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body.
i truly have observed more lack of reading due to controversy than the increasing of reading due to controversy.
she also made a song, taunting me everyday about how i looked.
you save time and money on gas by doing so.
these so called computers are causing this why, look over there.
their best skill was cooking, which was fun and relaxing to them.
everything is a personal opinion.
dear , i am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans.
therefore, he ????
so what do you do?
if it can be played on the radio.
he is a master of his subject.
now if were arguing about the computer then we have a huge problem.
also, saying that she will wait till the spring, means she is going to try again, and not give up.
everyone had their own right to get and see the things they want
people think that have young people exposed to this offensive material will effect the choices they make, and how they will react in certain situations.
dear , in my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society.
another issue is banned books.
nothing is censored like it was back in the day.
instead of fixing to all these meetings you can simply do it over webcam.
as soon as he puts the pebbles in his mouth to stop thinking about death and being thirsty, he sees a bait shop which saves his life.
the mood that is presented, is happiness
to get rid of these books that cause conflict within a person is like getting rid of a big burden.
instead of wasting your minutes talking on a phone, you can chat online.
in conclusion i would say that materials that can be offensive to anyone of any age, should be taken out of libraries.
censorship lies within the hands of the viewer.
road accidents are a common feature of big cities.
with this being said, should certain material be removed from shelves if they are offensive?
i that parents these days are really happy when you have come home and made new friends.
might of wrote this because the story could relate to other people who moved from another country and have something that brought back memories.
also, the theme was festive because describes the large parties and dinners that were constant at his home.
the idea of censoring books and music in our libraries has long been debated.
he once went by a big snake that he cautiously had to ride around.
computers do not help you brain they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama.
censorship is one of many important issues facing the world today.
so the program is helpful to us.
while some of it is not appropriate, other parts of it guide us.
i think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world.
i believe computers help us with cognitive skills, learning, and socializing.
but instead is composed of those whom you love and who love you.
they help you with things.
the building was there but it was abandoned.
are they good or bad?
on the other hand, computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
thus, a poor but healthy man is better than a rich but sick man.
i think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world.
when a student has to write a report and he has bad handwriting he can just type it up and print it.
finally computers help us get our news foster.
he feels that he is at home even though he moved to .
also it lets people interact with people around the world.
most children that go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are with an adult at all times.
young adults need creativity and books are there to shine a light on their eager minds.
computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper.
but this does not mean that that work should be banned!
with computers, people are the will exercise.
in the end computer can help kids, adults, or teenagers.
people sometimes take it too seriously.
in school now many projects are assigned meaning we need the computer and internet.
kids under age should stick to searching for books in areas or fields that will provide interest for them.
he started to run out of water because it was so hot and humid.
finally, the cyclist is greatly relieved when he sees the bait store and that people are there.
i think that by letting people read those types of books it help us understand and learn what happened in the passed.
the author creates the mood as happy and gratefulness.
and also when he saw a building he was determined to get to it.
when you read a classic it acts as a history book to show us how it was to live during the time it was written.
libraries have been around for years and so have uncensored things that are being put in front of children.
in the short story, rough road ahead, the cyclist faced with many problems.
if i was to send a message to some of my friends in through it would take seconds.
now for the big question: should material some find offensive be removed from the shelves all together?
so while everyone is fit you eventually will be fat.
these are some really good effects that computers have on people.
could use it for related could use it for .
in addition, parents have the responsibility to watch over their children.
but of the few that do stay on computers to long learn to balance their time, keeping computers would benefit in so many ways.
define these three or four words.
this should not be decided by one person or even one group that believes they know is socially acceptable or politically correct.
you know some forms of cancer are caused by the radiation of technological devices?
on each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video.
everyone has different views and ideas.
this leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you.
my many local in the town of .
he was looking on what seemed like a very official site to purchase a big boat.
thus, they disturb the class.
and it what his parents did for there children that they could have a better life in a new country.
there is a question that ponders in my mind.
drinking and other evil habits.
it is still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason.
computers are very helpful for people.
the audience is different; therefore, the types of literature, music, movies, etc.
they think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise.
now control can be difficult, and not always work if not handled correctly.
everyone is obligated to their own choices, whether that choice is to read books that are more likely to be offensive, is their choice.
well computers benefit our life.
is both proud and thankful of his parents.
for example, education has vastly expanded since the computer.
in elementary school libraries, i think it would be appropriate to censor the books that are bought, and used in the library.
the memoir shows that even if you are poor, with your family and friends, you can be happy.
as you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer in the house is important.
in the excerpt the mood created by the author is love.
she sees a familiar plant, and so she purchases it for nineteen dollars because it cheers her up ???
the last reason why i think that computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment.
those are some reasons that explain the features of the setting that affect the cyclist.
they would have never had the chance to make their own opinions.
if something is offensive to you, you have the right to stand up for yourself.
my first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others.
the setting in the story do not exceed posted speed limit affect the author in a big way.
the fact that if something were to happen then there would be no way of telling anyone.
some parents feel that they need to protect their children from these things because it could be harmful to them.
in addition, my neighbor, had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teenagers.
you can keep in touch.
such as or .
instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it.
money be the most vital thing in our society right now.
even though certain books offend people, i think the book or magazine should not be removed from the library or shelf.
the of has been known as a classic since it was written.
the cyclist thought he was going to die.
on the seventh day, i could ride the bicycle all by myself.
firstly, the computer allows your children who are also students to do better on their projects and reports.
to a distant and or person.
my car is remote-controlled.
music is a whole story its self.
censorship, to a certain extent, should not be in present in libraries.
in article i have recently read in the , it was about experiment on computer use.
less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day.
there are lots of different kinds of books, if the books you are reading offend you, look for a different type of book
since this helped i have been over to his house about times this year as to every .
in my opinion, i think that people should not spend so much time on the computer for several reasons.
its effecting them.
i like my school very much and i am proud that i belong to it.
so computers bad for society, think again and listen closely.
my father assured me that one day we will definitely fly to another city in one of those airplanes.
we come in contact with other people traveling.
not only would it make people happier, it would make the world better.
in the end the books that are on the shelf are the choice of the library because they are the people that purchase the books.
the town was the traditional definition of a ghost town.
they help people learn new things.
and there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics.
computers a benefit to have.
on the computer, it is possible to type out words and not have to get out on eraser for an spelling mistakes.
what happens when someone says the bible is offensive.
due to the increase in building house more masons are required to build those houses.
so then he runs into the bathroom & drinks from the sink.
out of all the things that need to be censored the library is not one of them.
there are kids sections, adult, fiction, and many more.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in a negative way.
freedom of press is a right not many countries have.
, i strongly believe that we need computers.
almost everyone has some little issue with something in the world today, and because of that, original and unoffensive material are hard to come by.
this is unacceptable because students must learn proper grammar and spelling.
she is ready for spring to be here, so that she can study and pass the test, and work at the flower .
for example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words.
the rest her family still lives in .
if books that offended people would have always been removed for reasons of offending other we could not have much of the knowledge we have today.
if a book or movie was offensive to a group of people, then they burned the books.
simply try telling other people about better books they can read and nicer movies to watch.
reflecting my view on censorship in libraries.
people can talk to old friends, family anybody really.
if you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you.
therefore, people should not try to remove it.
if i was a administrator in a i would look at what is the meaning behind the book and what it is trying to express.
enjoying the topic or material is optional.
every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or .
another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read.
people get offended when they read or listen to certain things, but does that mean that those things should be removed from the shelf?
but to some, the effect its giving on the people is negative.
remembers his child hood fondly in his memoir about his home in new jersey.
computers are really fun to play on.
it mostly educates it.
remember its your own opinion about the book not everyone is different then you
people would not want them gone if they thought of it the way i do.
in the story do not exceed posted speed limit.
having applications released that connect people over the computer devastates the reason to leave your house.
this quote is important because it begins the explanation of why his house gives him so many warm memories conveyed in his writing.
there will always be that one person who declines to agree.
if the person who is reading book or viewing movies that be offensive is viewing them for clear interest then is no problem with it.
he had to travel a long distance.
this shows that he is dehydrated from the sun which is a feature of the setting.
as you computers have a lot of positive effect on people.
if people decided to feel offensive over stuff like that then something is wrong with them because after all these years there have been no complaints.
for example, in we just finished reading the book ' of .'
this quote shows how massively grateful the author is toward her parents.
i hated seeing my friend like this, but mostly i hated how i watched it happen.
if people brought books off the shelves then what will the other people read.
the right to read the books, magazines, and watch the movies you like should always be present.
history books should not be censored because it is facts and teaching kids on what has happened in the past and how people survived.
you can also talk to different people who like you.
in paragraph , this caused confusion and worry.
i think that computers do benefit us.
here is how the setting affected his mood.
well i know i .
it was useful and did not waste my time.
as you read your brain to inner works, you or your so you can show off to you friends out family on words that you .
also, that everyone cared about everyone else.
doing this would grant the people who wish to see this type of material access to the material.
another aspect that affected him was the extremely hot temperature.
the time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not.
if you watch movies on or they do not censor the movies because those are movie channels only.
that is why no one person has the right to take it off the shelf.
this i think can help with the problem.
for example it states this place might have been a thriving little spot before the last world war it fit the tradition definition of a ghost town.
and he could just be a bum.
libraries all over the world are all neat and organized.
do i think certain materials like books, music, movies, and magazines that might be offensive should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
i have been offended of some different magazine pictures before.
i believe that offensive books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of our libraries.
dear , everyone love computers right?
if a book is put on a shelf then it is there for those who enjoy that material.
hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature.
thank you for your concern
then the bottom level should be the children level.
if someone were to write a book about my religion, i would find it interesting.
in conclusion i think that if a book is on a shelf, the book should be taken off if found offensive.
i know when i go i always find my style of music that appeals to me.
this should also include books, music, movies, magazines, and any other form of entertainment.
did you know that of has a , , of ?
they had open dinner where friends and family members came.
people find entertainment to movies with sexual or violent activity in them.
people like them.
more people should see computers as a positive effect on people.
computers are a relatively new invention, they have become very popular.
also, the rough road forces the cyclist to pedal very hard, which drains him or her of even more energy.
they told me about my mother living in .
secondly, you would spend less time with your family.
i do not want to be the same as everybody else.
they can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better.
history is a big part of life that everyone one should know.
to conclude, taking items off the shelves because they are offensive to someone would not be fair.
dear , you know of people today use the computer for necessary reasons?
ever heard of social networking?
the drains started overflowing with water.
i met many of my friends and relatives with whom i exchanged pleasantries and information about the families.
so if you want to get more of an education but, you have to work too.
if there was a book or magazine that never got checked out, do you think they would keep it?
the computers a great place to make plans or to catch up with some buddies.
a computer is one of the most important things in the average home.
new things can be learned from them.
computers help you learn and research, which is faster than going to the library and getting a book.
it is used in factories.
do you really want to take the learning experience away?
when i went to a skate board demo at skate lair i had tons of fun.
although, sometimes the child stray away from its parents it is not very likely that the parent will not notice.
she is not fair and as well as no dark.
censorship holds back the voice of society and the thoughts of everyday people.
computers really are the best electronic in the world.
certain people find things offensive and others think it is perfectly fine to have in a library.
its to do school work and talk to family.
the girl spends the entire day wishing that she were back in her own country and missing her grandmother and friends.
secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so sports.
there are also different genres that people enjoy reading.
movies, movies, movies!
it is used in classrooms everywhere around the country for education.
i know when i do i pick the object up and look and see what it says on the back.
he just feared the water and stated that it tasted like battery acid.
the internet can be useful in everyday life.
computers are a giant step into new technology.
does everybody deserve to read or watch anything they want?
i want to state a opinion on how computer effects people.
an enormous part who your child become & the values they hold is a product what they were exposed to a young age.
you can make music and make money off of it.
it is always neat and clean.
i think u should never stay on a computer for no more than a hour.
you can' look for that trip of a lifetime in a book.
nothing but obesity.
you can learn quite a bit with a computer.
“you must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
computers allow people to stay in touch with long distance friends or family.
the mood that was created the is a happy, loving mood.
dear local you know long of time spent on technology could result in cancer?
i study in cambridge school which is one of the best schools in london.
like being able to communicate with your friends.
some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working.
that the radio play.
but some books are written by people with the actual beliefs they write about.
after he talks to the old men and starts on his ride to the town there is no one around.
if you are stuck on a computer for hours a day you will never have any family memories.
everyone is going to be offended some point in their life.
is this good for our country?
is now a size fourteen in waist.
an unhealthy person will remain unhappy and dispirited.
in conclusion, in some of my observations and reading some people get offended quite often for being a different race, gender, or religion.
but the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy.
she thinks that once she forgets all of the bad things she went through the previous year.
for example, the heat caused him to get dehydrated on his journey and begin to feel signs of heatstroke.
this is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy.
last but not least, watching tv take a lot of time and it makes us lazy.
it is where the author is trying to show to the reader.
there is an answer for this, books should not be burned they are master pieces.
the person does not have his or hers phone.
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist.
she will keep coming back just like the geese and the hibiscus do.
the best thing to do is ignore it and walk away.
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
obesity is a terrible sight to see someone go through because of something as silly as being, basically, addicted to the computer.
that way, if there are complaints of the item, the library would not be blamed.
the kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades.
of course every parent wants to protect their child, but eventually they are going to grow up and have to make their own choices.
stop waiting and get online or go out and buy one.
if we place censorship on one book everyone has a right to ban other books as well.
there can be computers that talk bark to you like a real conversation.
if people were to have these currently illegal drugs for their use, being completely legal, chances are that the success of drug marketing will plummet.
like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough.
i say this because, what be offensive to one person not come close to being offensive to another.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
this affects the author because you have to conserve the water that you have to be able to make it to the park.
the old men told him where to go on the map even though they had not been through that way in years.
computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price.
in my opinion we should get rid of computers in every house.
these materials are important for learning in some cases and keep the readers attention.
it would be rather nice to develop courage to lead a simple life and determine to do good work.
there are new additions daily.
another example would be slavery.
in many libraries there are books, movies, magazines, and music that people find offensive.
when we go to visit our friends and relatives, we collect different plants from their garden also.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home
the setting now forces the cyclist to become more determined if he wants to live.
if there is a topic that a younger individual is not mature enough to understand, he or she get the wrong impression or ideas about the subject.
but yet they do.
but with the help of my computer i can interact with them all year round.
for example i read a very famous book called the of by .
because he was already running out of water it was making harder for him to have the will power and determination to go up and down these hills.
the reasons why i agree with computers have benefits is that.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many different ways.
, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision.
the most well behaved, neat and punctual student is awarded a prize at the annual day function.
personally i believe in censorship, but to others, its a waste of time.
bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids.
also if you were to want to order some things such as shoes, clothes, perfume fragrances, lotions and some even order house hold things if needed.
most people wonder where their children learn curse words or sexual behavior and do not consider media as the problem.
computers help of future learn & with all these learning websites, will be able ti teach them solves new things.
country music for example is very peaceful to me.
but it is not up the the government to be able to choose what a specific child is able to view.
is very beautiful, its voice is very ugly.
if he was in a different setting this felling of despair would not be in the story.
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs and computers have helped law enforcement as well.
once, most of the population could use these tools to help find their way through information or a place.
i would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence.
buses were late and overcrowded.
my teacher said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by on computer and internet research projects.
then when you have a computer for someone else has one then you would be able to see them.
at the beginning of the story, the girl seemed very upset and lost in this country, and missed her home greatly.
lastly, it distracts kids from household chores.
its faster than skimming through twenty books.
the same should go for a library.
my friend is intelligent, but he is not proud.
being able to a skill it helps your mind to.
so, in conclusion, i believe that computers are good use.
try to make a difference!
in conclusion, the mood of the memoir is honesty and truthfulness because the author tells us about things that might make us uncomfortable.
lastly, i think it gives a feeling for the whole story.
has this ever happened to you?
no one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries.
computers have of folders and programs to store information you need.
books, magazines, music, and movies should not be taken off of shelves if they are found offensive.
because moving was a very hard for her.
if i was one of those who took offense to a book in the library then i would just keep it to myself.
i do not have internet at home so you can see how well that is going to go at school.
if i had to choose between doing homework or chatting on , i would choose .
for example, in paragraph , he puts phrases in parentheses for no reason other than to show gratitude for his life as a child.
they need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to.
attached as people are to computers, they cannot experience the world to the fullest.
i think that books that are bad for children should be in there own section in the library.
mother earth has given us many gifts.
snakes usually creep.
i do not like the sermons of old people.
if the whole community disagree with a library about a certain material then the community have a say in it.
the big river looked like a snake.
kids watch movies in class all the time.
the setting was the main affect on the cyclist.
i ' think that books should be censored.
dear newspaper, i think people need computers.
for example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash.
do you believe everyone should express themselves through their own culture, or have their own opinions?
the author did a fantastic job at creating a sense of love and comfort while telling his story.
as you can see, computers are incorporated into our daily lives.
some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside.
next point shows that people are not enjoying nature.
thank your for reading this letter, and i hope you can take this into consideration.
everyone needs to know about the ups and downs about their country and the others surrounding them.
this explains that everyone near him was like family.
they wont enjoy as much by stay on the internet.
then, you get a new phone number and forget other people number.
this family cannot afford this computers but they think that they need one.
dear local newspaper a lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society.
everyone has there own opinions in life and sometimes keeping them to yourself is the best thing to do.
but after some time the order becomes a part of our nature.
it is important for readers and researches, to connect and take in all the information they read.
do you find books you read offensive?
this represents the change that has occurred in her and it foreshadows that things will be different from now on.
romance novelists use sensual or even sexual experiences to convey something everyone has trembling inside their minds.
then you would have to make the graph by hand making sure not to mess up.
computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society.
almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too.
in the afternoon, we were all hungry and tired.
as i stated in the first paragraph, everyone has there own opinions.
it not be completely accurate.
the can hurt people, cause addiction, and seclude your life.
finally they are a major waste of money.
well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model.
a teacher gets up early in the morning.
most of all wont you miss your friends?
first, as the army keeps losing more and more soldiers in combat and they try to recruit people they can post their ad up over the internet.
as you can see jobs use the computer.
we have much to learn from books and we have much to offer our future members of the human race though books.
in conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers.
go and talk to them in real life.
he felt like he could not go on because the heat from the sun made him want to have a heat stroke.
all you need to do is type in vacation spots and click enter.
a library is supposed to be a place where people can find a book, music, movie, magazine of any genre and read it.
everyone loves him.
when she takes the test as the plant blooms its like support from her country.
you can know everything about that country without ever visiting!
with this new generation authority can only limit so much of what children see today.
it is a quite easy to find something out, or research a topic using a computer.
you can type, learn about historical happenings, different places, and different cultures as well.
this happens because your brain cannot take in the brightness of the computer and your reading or seeing at the same time.
above all, i think that everyone should check out books in their appropriate age section
i got most things done and in a matter of time.
the students in the hostels are looked after by the warden.
thing about his setting that changed was the hills.
they might find a book offensive, but does that mean everyone else is offensive by the book as well?
honestly, the only thing i go there for, is to read and to check out books, but from books i have learned a lot.
dear local newspaper , our technology advance, so do are lives.
keep or remove?
as an avid reader of all kinds of literature i cant stand censorship.
also no direction is another big one.
men, you look around what do you see.
for example, what if your friend and did not.
first of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much.
, the people agree with what stated.
your body will be unhealthy and out of shape.
one had already started tearing the hair of the other.
libraries should allow every book in their collection because every book has some sort of value.
i also understand that rap music can be realistic in ways too.
dear newspaper, in our town, more people are on the computer each day.
what good is that?
we live in a world inundated and persuaded by media.
books should be removed only if they are found a certain degree of offensive.
my little sister loves going to the library.
lastly, computers make life easier.
i have both cell phone to call and text people that live far away.
people who like to read books should have a wide variety of books.
there are many features of the setting that effect the cyclist.
i feel the same way about the censorship of music and movies.
i would let them know how i felt about a certain product in the library in a soft and calm manner.
the computer is a wonderful thing.
it be offensive to you but other people not think the same way.
have you ever thought of a book that should be taken off the shelf?
if i were the principal of my school i would ensure that the laboratories were well equipped.
my friends say computers are one the best technology because the internet can help a lot things like if you have research paper.
i feel people should spend time exercising, going outdoors, and spending time with friends and family.
you could send an email and save the paper.
he believes in simple before his students.
when you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence.
so, the best thing you can do is read a couple of pages out of the book before you check it out.
a child pick up a book, start reading, and discover some disturbing thoughts that they never would have encountered beyond picking up that book.
i believe the mood is one of gratitude, gratitude of how his parents struggled to raise him right and well.
teenagers are supposed to get one hour of exercise each day but out teens surveyed at admit getting that exercise.
computer let people see pictures and videos.
now that it is so easy, children begin to think things come easily in life.
also, you learn to be nice on computers.
if kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy.
a child has no responsibilities.
if people were not allowed to take risks, what would become of our society?
if there is a bad book just go to a different section in the library.
i shall never forget it.
can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place.
as we have the choice to read what we want to, authors have a choice on what they want to write about.
they had feast with music.
if we need to know what a homework assignment was we can just chat with a friend.
music is a freeing way to express oneself in a not so violent way.
the author of winter hibiscus probably chose to end the story that way because then its ending with a sense of hope.
she make tons of money.
computers are damaging peoples health & should be something done about it.
find something your parents like to do and see if you like .
finally i would like to tell you about the cruise ships you can go far away like , , , and many more.
but for them there is no learning, just accepting.
the computer could also be useful for planning a vacation.
there are three reasons why i do not agree.
or what if they read a book and it talks about bad stuff?
it is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that.
it is very beautiful.
they find these things to be offensive.
other than the affects social sites and exercise has had because of computers, online gaming is also a big issue too.
dear and of the i think that computers are a good thing to use.
i believe she is correct in this quote.
but it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read.
i will sometimes listen to rap music but i would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version.
the setting affects the cyclist because hes in the middle of nowhere with no water.
but there are shows for kids to there like a movie but a little shorter.
so people do not have the right to blame the author for what he or she writes down.
it can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator.
it also turns the man into a beast.
he was dehydrated, toned, and had lost a lot of hope after coming across all these places.
now a days friends aim, video chat or text each other instead of going and doing something with them.
all he did was sit and play games like wars or .
the author is trying to be positive but its hard, because all this scenery is doing is bringing his hopes down.
once you get onto a computer you never want to get off.
they are passed on, shared, and enjoyed by people all over the world.
we entered the airplane.
we need computers to do this.
but computers open up a realm of possibilities.
in conclusion, i believe that the library has a right to own books or movies that are somewhat offensive.
people inhabit them, grow date palms, fruit and vegetable there.
we should conserve them.
there were a number of airplanes at the airport.
he gets early in the morning.
it would just be a click away.
an example i have of is my baby sister.
sometimes books can cause things to happen in families.
for example, i think the author did this to leave the reader with a strong sense of determination.
next, it might let someone feel better.
on the subject of movies, are some that should be censored, like the movies containing extreme violence or gore.
do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives?
it is also not another persons right to decide what other people can and cannot observe.
the mood of this story is very weird.
dear newspaper, technology is a very useful thing but is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy on .
there should be a huge meeting.
we need to make rules to keep people out in the open out to give the generation a healthy life.
when i was in middle school, i was not an advanced reader by any means, but i did like to read occasionally.
as you can see the cyclist was affected in many ways by the features of the setting.
the computer shows what man kind is capable of doing.
in conclusion the excerpt shows that the author can put both cultures together and be happy.
however, they need a time limit to be on the computer and limited time for eating right and exercising.
it takes more than food to be healthy.
every one and every thing looked fresh.
she too can make it through the cold months.
they are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others.
fresh air clear your mind.
computers are the ultimate way communicate.
these are just some of the many reasons why you have to check out materials from the library.
this can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen.
life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them.
surely this effect could be very serious.
nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of love oceans with pink sand.
instead of talking to people communicate.
the hills made him tired and weak.
dear newspaper, computers are not something to be afraid of.
by this hes understood that the best way to travel anywhere is the path or road he knows because hell know what to expect.
if there was shade, a breeze, and weather, he would be fine, but he is pedaling a bike in a desert during the summer.
you or not agree and we have others who do not care.
not only will you have better communication and the news at the top of your fingers, but you will also have advanced education.
if it is hot and you have lots of hills it makes it hard.
please continue on to learn about how we should use the computer.
he is negatively affected mentally by the little amount of available water.
loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health.
maybe the parent should even just come in and get the book or movie for the child.
he starts off his journey with the advice of a short cut from old men.
they are also concerned that looking at the screen could be damaging to your eyes.
also, you can keep in touch with friends and family.
before the beginning of , the were starting to be discriminated against.
you could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes.
that is why i think the people is wrong saying the or is not.
if they believe that a book or movie will be too adult for them, they will avoid checking it out of the library.
just buy the game install it and then play.
the features affect the cyclist in a big way.
if a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help.
when i read this memoir i felt happy reading it.
that could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family.
as an illustration, one time one the news i heard a story about a girl who was tensed on the internet.
the main reasons why we should not show censorship in libraries are a loss of insight, books, and personal creativity.
things should still be out for the public to read or see.
in this sentence the author really conveys his of thanks of his parents to the reader as he praises them.
it because of the pines that caused the road, and the cool feel of the river.
like he starts off with strong less and a smile on his face.
then i took a round of the platform.
the ostrich is so strong that they can even carry a
interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer.
the internet is like a big book.
but at night after dinner i started feeling very tense.
lastly, censorship is a popular communist trend.
it makes his muscles work harder and use his strength more.
the narrator tried the test once and failed.
the person who wants in banned should have to tell everyone why and stuff.
first of all, computers are a big source of knowledge.
as well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it.
sometimes, enjoying nature can be difficult but if we all look closer it can be really fun.
actually out of every tourist research the area there going to on a computer.
the heat and the hills and the lack of water had the greatest affect on the cyclist.
lastly, computers make life easier.
seven out of ten adults pay bills online at their computer.
would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in?
many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place.
and your an learn a lot from computer!!
would that not embarrass you?
so then were left with nothing.
some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device.
or just for fun you can play mind game with other people.
when the cyclist encountered the rolling hills with tumbleweeds and snakes i believe he began to feel dismayed because he was lost.
some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people not see eye to eye about other religions.
they will learn to use there eyes, arms, and hands to there advantage.
i hope that this opens up many peoples eyes.
we can get all that we need and more off of books.
the cold weather is an obstacle for them.
she intends to retake the drivers test.
i think she will be able deal with it better and take it again, it shows that she wont give up.
nevertheless, computers are dangerous.
you can past messages, play games or simply talk to someone on these websites.
well having a computer allows this to happen.
it is wise to set censors in the libraries, for students.
parents are possibly some of the biggest advocates of library censorship.
in an, ironic twist the cyclist is affected emotionally when he passes a factory that has been abandoned.
all of these resources that kids can find that has this kinda of material in it can be found in libraries.
it is loving because he is talking about all the close relationships he had with his family and friends.
not everyone has the same views and morals, what be considered appropriate for some people , be viewed differently by other cultures or religions.
when are finished telling you why these three reason are good the peoples computer will win this war!
they can allow you, rather than just the author, to express your feelings on what was presented in the works.
i remain confined to my room.
at first it helped him.
a material should not be taken off of a shelve just because one person is offended by it.
it felt smooth and cool, with a hint of velvet toward the center just as she had known it would feel.
this also shows that the library, or so far as the country, is under one certain idea and other ideas that conflict with that will be oppressed.
also there were no other travelers so he could not ask for assistance from them.
get to know them in person and not over the internet.
computers are a great source of entertainment.
you waste over days a year sitting in front of your computer.
make it to were you have to show an that says you are or older to get in.
some people even take classes online.
or they could go put something up and make it where you know whats over there and if you do not like then do go in.
who will stop the government from censoring what could be the next major masterpiece in literature?
he respects all his elders.
because or she does not agree with the views expressed?
let me explain why computers can ruin lives.
computers hurt people in many ways.
with that being said, children of all ages come into the library all the time and pick all kinds of material.
this is my last reason.
finally, you can understand the world around you.
we must never forget who we are as a people, and where we came from.
some of them are
people find most movies offending but neither are movies made up of how people feel about it.
the reason why material from libraries should not be taken away is cause the kids can still find that stuff on the internet.
nothing would ever get better, and the society would stay at the same level that they were when the censorship began.
so why would we not have the same rights?
people find it easiest to buy something with the click a mouse.
people need computers to do research.
the second reason is you can learn about far away places and people.
professor states that of passing college students are earning their degree online.
teach your children whats out there, let them know the truth about the world.
well you can!
this kid was only six years old, but he thought that playing with guns was safe because he saw them do it in the movies.
he begins to despair even more.
you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well
it will briefly tell you that there is some content they not be appropriate, that hurt feelings, and simply offend.
i can see how some of those books could be banned.
we realize what actions bring what reactions.
after getting lost in a town that seems distant from any living things the author hears people!
an idle person depends too much on chance.
the memories he shared with his family during that time makes the mood for loving.
the farmer is the
since i am a teen i also know the problems with youths and computers.
he says he remembers them and still loves them to this day.
people like different movies and some movies can be offensive.
there was a great rush outside the railway station.
i can even type my name in a research bar and find me and anybody else with the excel same name as me!
libraries are made for the community and the people in it, not just one person.
and if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for a month.
young children know about drugs and know that those drugs are harmful.
, and what we read in the magazines , have a big affect.
computers are vital to everyday life and we need them.
the solution is for the child to look at magazines, , or magazines.
while using a computer you can many things.
the terrain also made him thirsty because the more he had to go up and down hills, the more he would drink.
when he arrives at the first town, he finds it deserted, this effects the cyclist because has eventually going to need more water.
just remember though, if you agree with this then.
my second reason to this situation is that it takes away knowledge.
either to do home work or play games.
it is very easy.
for example if a veteran told a story about what happened in a certain area; the history book could tell a completely different story.
another reason why i believe we should have no say in what items libraries hold is this.
magazines always have a positive, but where there is a positive they have a harsh negative thing to put in with it.
my final reason i think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time it should be reading time.
i remember in grade when i had a math midterm.
it puts them, and their whole family in danger.
kids are going to pick the words up in school or off the streets any way.
i understand the idea of warning labels, but i feel that censorship is too far.
my first, reason i think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs.
for example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else.
children and adults go to libraries to check out new books that could give them new experiences and information.
parents are advice and to be acknowledge what their kids are seeing.
the decision on the appropriateness of a novel is up to the reader, not the government or library or activist group.
we can communicate with others using computers.
it was starting to become daylight and he had to walk miles to get to the next town.
nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life.
if one cannot find a book to read that is not deemed appropriate, then he or she needs to take a look at themselves.
movies are something you have to look out for too.
they should make a policy to allow older kids to check them out.
finding a book offensive is a simply an opinion, and has no factual evidence.
if something is so inappropriate or offensive then it should be removed.
in our community library in , we have magazines, in which case these magazines are very graphic.
this shows that no matter what will his parents.
also it mite help some crime to stop to.
the choice for what book the child reads should be between the parent and the child.
another reason computers are good because they can keep you out of trouble and can keep you entertained.
next time there is sunshine out, no matter what season it is, go outside and take a break from electronics.
happy because the change the simple house to a home.
one way setting affects cyclist is when it is hot, it is harder to cycle long distances.
clearly, and his family were very friendly and did many things that were peaceful.
computers even have webcams for video chat.
i think using the computer is great.
i believe that if you do not like the books then stay away from them.
the mood in the memoir swifts throughout the story.
also he had to ride careful past a huge snake which could have hurt him.
for example, when i see older brother go on the computer he look much smarter on it.
that is why i have written this letter to you.
she is very cute.
i what that is like.
what is the difference between learning about them now and learning about them as a adult?
everyone likes different things.
i felt so bad for my cousin he had to watch his mother die all because she used a computer everyday cause that has her job.
humanity has the power to get off the computer, and go outside or be social.
second, enjoying nature is a good thing to do instead of playing with a computer because you get your daily dose of air by enjoying nature.
unlike the rebels going against it that is their own state of mind.
there are people out there that might disagree with me and i can see where they are coming from too.
the government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you.
it tasted like battery acid.
this part of the setting affected him emotionally.
one new message.
the use of computers is great for everyone.
she was upset about leaving her home and she was upset about failing her test, but thanks to a flower, she got her confidence back.
those advances have shaped our lives, and made everything much easier.
many people are too focused on the internet and they lack on their normal activities.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist in many ways.
computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation.
it makes bones so stronger and gives us energy.
some things that we read, see, and hear are just going to be offensive, and we cant control everything that offends us.
lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world.
i think that many children that watch movies especially that should not be exposed to them.
the books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday.
it can be concluded that people are stubborn for their beliefs, and to have someone choose what everyone is allowed to believe be wrong.
there, the cyclist tries to stay focused through distractions.
if you need help to finding a book for your project ask the person at the desk where to find it.
i promise you if you keep on reading you will understand and realize my point of view.
as a teenager i can say that most of us who like music we love it.
books should be able to be written about any and everything that interests people.
this knowledge that you always hide from them be what they need to know later on, and wont know when they need .
the internet got for more technical in the past years.
almost every family has them.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
so this is why effects education.
after in done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back.
what kind of message are we trying to send to them?
censoring books in a library would be denying this right that is clearly spelled out in the of .
they have the right and no one can take that right away from them.
all you have to do is manage your time.
if there are people saying that the certain books are offensive, then they should take them out of the library.
, you need a computer for projects.
a child can just as easily come across the wrong track to take ones innocence.
there are many reasons how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
it is filled with facts, beliefs, theories, and opinions of people.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit greatly affect the cyclist.
it was dusk.
this summer, i took swimming classes with my friends.
such features of his surroundings played a large part in the authors change in mood.
you would probably get multiple answers to that question.
lives get wasted when teenagers make choices like drinking and driving.
, as the famous saying, your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?, flashes through your mind let me answer that for you - .
at first, people waved a friendly hello but nothing more.
when you honestly think about it, you cannot censor out things that you hear in person, so why censor things in certain materials?
each and every person has their own view on what they think is offensive.
however, when you think about it, if everyone complained about a certain book being offensive, there would eventually be no more books!
people need to leave the computer and do something else like ride a bike or play a sport.
today our furniture is exported to many countries in the world.
computers now offer online study groups that can help us get into a college.
as you can see this is a ability and can be a big help when you need to know something fast.
others like the violence in those shows.
bad books spoil our minds.
computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too.
in some books its has some offensive stuff about that were stated by .
it is no mandatory to go to one if you do not like what they have then do not to the library.
the freedom of speech is one.
there are many reasons to support this, but here are three.
you learned something new!
then everyone can help stop people taking things away from the community that makes them happy.
individuality would be lost and opinions would be forgotten.
for some books, this can take years.
second is it could possibly drastically effect literature.
last reason is it can help you be organize and get a job.
many people like computers and have one.
being honest and hardworking are two qualities to have.
so as you can see, computers has its benefits because it can teach you social skills.
some of you who are reading this would say yes, but why?
would you pull it out of the shelf for your child to not have a chance to see that?
the is full of diversity and viewpoints that are bursting with interesting concepts.
you spend about more or less on the computer each day, but good reasons.
think about all those people who have relationships and what not, it off of computers really do help out.
my friends, the answer is nothing.
those are some of the major advances caused by the computer.
i believe that computers are a great invention.
of my family also live far away.
unfortunately, it is often times a group of minorities that ruin something for the greater minority.
this quote shows that the narrator has realized that even though aspects of how life has changed, some things remain same.
there is a number of impacts these skills can make.
but its a great way to stay in touch with people.
well its not; banning books, music, etc.
i remember the times when i had a project due at school, and i guessed on.
he cant say lets ride to the next building or mail box because there are none.
we started crying; now we still best friends.
and that crowd deserves to enjoy every last word.
our country, , say that everyone has the right to free speech.
maybe you have used the computer to type information for your newspaper.
we should protect forests from being cut down.
these cards allow the person to have access to adults' materials depending on the kind of card the person has.
after one hill the cyclist sees a building.
plus, all she had was a map, her bike and an empty water bottle.
it has helped one as a student.
also, there is no buildings, people, or cars in sight to save him.
they often state that it is their favorite book of all time.
he had to slowly maneuver around it, though it was hard, he was successful and continued down the road.
i hope you take into consideration not removing these types of things from libraries and anywhere else
my third reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination.
people should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day.
also the teachers use computers to put grades from students in.
so i think they should change it around.
the more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors.
in history, we were doing research on the world hunger crisis in our allied countries.
its feet are padded.
you have to watch out for magazines too.
if people could limit their at risk for diabetes.
but you as parents should control what your kids are reading.
i know i would not.
also, if friends wanted to talk with one another, the could instant message each other.
with the internet the computer provides the users with websites that enable them to talk to friends, watch videos, play games, and more.
if everybody liked the same thing, then let anybody that enters the library remove an offensive item.
other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or shows.
oh not that make me to.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is.
another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends.
in conclusion, i believe that computers are positive for three main reasons.
remain on the shelf?
so thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me.
the library is great because of the plethora of knowledge contained in the unrestricted inventory of books.
i believe that voting could be the answer to many problems in the world today
they need to look something for history class they have internet.
in the last paragraph the author explains that home is were he learned the real definition of family and love.
without computer my mom would have more in other countries.
experts should not try to have less people on the computer.
mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at.
i think computers are good what about you.
the cyclist runs into some pretty tough challenges.
also, the author uses the paragraph to show the symbolic qualities of everyday things.
do your eyes tend to hurt when your finally off the computer?
magazines also are sometimes good because they teach good things and keep you updated about whats going on around the world.
people always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer.
the internet is also a dangerous place and the growing computer use with maximize the problem.
there are far too many other things to do!
i believe computers are very useful to everyone.
radios have specific channels, playing specific music.
in the story it says that it was so hot he could drop dead from heatstroke.
if these authors, directors, and producers have their specific product taken off of the shelves it would be offensive to them.
for instance, in the story, do not exceed posted speed limit the lack of water in the dry desert gave a long lasting affect on the cyclist.
what if some one looks up or check out something that should not be seen by others and it ends up in the wrong hands of someone.
these are my reasons i think computers are important and positive to people.
now is why do people want to stay inside all day long on the computer some people are constantly on their social websites.
lastly, the mood can be described as thankfulness, or gratitude.
with any of these materials, it should all be available to you in a library.
with doing that it decreases the chances of the children getting a hold of material that they should see.
this way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter.
this is how the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get there point across.
others like teenager will do gaming or have instant messengers, which sometimes takes away from outside activities.
last, but certainly not least, the computer is a great resource.
it can teach you something and help you.
there were people from different states and different areas of the train.
it overtones the point in the story, which is to not give up and the will to survive.
what some people find as offensive some other people might find it not offensive.
to sum up, we can say that too many hands always create confusion.
first, parenthesis identify a new mood.
statistics how or people help online instant or going in.
you can even watch fights you want.
it has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone.
many of these books have images of how do this and that.
but in the end he found some water and the story ended fine.
the author constantly talks about how his home was a wonderful place and a happy environment to live in.
they to not be bored.
everybody would be the same then.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is very grateful and happy.
for example, when the road changes from smooth and easy to rolling and full of hills.
the child will ask the caregiver that they are with ' does this picture mean?
lastly, i have to say computers are just fun to use.
(par ).
they given us ability to learn!
the best years of one’s life are the childhood days.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
does it drive us crazy that they do?
some people think that offensive books should be off the selves, but some other people think that this should not be allowed.
in conclusion, the web is used for researching.
i believe there is a meaningful reason why the author concludes the story with this paragraph.
these questions do not come naturally but only through her viewing of material that she was not ready to view.
the author concludes the story with this paragraph because she wants to end the story with hope.
these reasons are why i think computers are a big help in our society.
should be remove, unless if it has nudity or a lot of cussing in the books.
instead of censoring items, there is another solution.
the right to remove a book off of a shelf is not good thing to do.
for these reasons, computers are good.
another one is that because there was nothing around him, he felt frustrated.
besides some people need to know the truth sometimes in order to understand stuff more clearly.
libraries should not have the right to censor material.
he listens to my problems very patiently and helps me to solve them.
my next reason is that every single person has their own unique interests.
this can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop.
along with the hibiscus it also shows that the geese and the melting of the snow represent a fresh start and a new beginning .
also, it shows the determination all living things have to succeed at their main purpose.
if people gain the right to take books off shelves then music, movies, magazines will all get taken off shelves too.
secondly, children still have a good number of movies for them to watch and learn from that can better themselves for their education, career, etc.
the road becomes bumpy and there is a large snake blocking the way.
you might create a book, a song, or a movie that will offend someone in a way.
i believe that this is one main reasons of obesity.
lawyers have to be paid or else they will not work for you.
if you think it is good for little kids to be learning about bullying you are wrong!
these examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand.
in the story, a cyclist needs to get to park.
this way you are not completely removing it, but making it harder for younger audiences to get to it
they need to be spending more time with family and friends.
that is why i agree with computers give you benefits.
computers also get you hurt or if you buy on be careful.
he laughed at how long ago those men must have been here.
another setting i feature that affects the cyclist is the absence of any civilization on his cycling path.
because there are billions of people on this earth and i doubt they would all give you the same answer.
i recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature.
the author creates a proud mood in the memoir.
go run outside!
second reason, how the computer can teach people things.
also the roads were long and very bumpy and windy.
i think society spending too much time in the computer.
no one wants their identity stolen some up ad.
it helps communication so much that you have choices on how you want to talk to someone.
she decided to retake the test.
well i because it gives us the information we want to see.
in addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing.
the same can be said for merry scenery too.
it allows you to from your home.
i believe we should not have that right to pull thing off of shelves freely.
he was going to try to find some where to stop so he could pick up more water but there was nothing around.
many people would agree that using a computer helps us learn new things.
i say this because once you hit the power button you cant get off.
people once believed that the sun goes around the earth.galileo and copernicus proved that the belief was wrong.
there were some dwarfs sitting nearby.
you can do something with them online.
the effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society.
the features of the setting did affect the cyclist in this small story.
here instead of the songs of birds, i heard the cries of hawkers and vehicles.
not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online.
the sun begins to beat down on the cyclist but he remains upbeat, still feeling good and barely noticing the heat.
dear local newspaper, people spending time on the is a good way for people to connect with one each other.
nowadays it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside of the home.
the interesting thing is people can be affected by someone indirectly.
he knows how to act in an emergency.
if you are at a library and you see something inappropriate tell the librarian and see if they will censor the material in question.
because it give me and my friends something to do after school.
also your students computers get viruses because of inappropriate sites.
so he takes a couple tips on some short cuts by some old men.
for example, when the cyclist has no water it is a day with nothing around him to help.
these people can have views and values of their own, formed by, among other factors, influential books they have read throughout their life.
just like the hibiscus flower and the geese.
you have an opportunity to learn about things you like.
the weather was hot he had no water, he could have died.
so at the end of the story she said that she will take that test again.
it be in favor of something or it not be.
in the story winter hibiscus, the author concludes the story with this paragraph for many reasons.
nobody is forcing you to view it, but on the other hand nobody can force you to stay away from it.
we need to make sure our children be more convinced about this topic.
there was eventually nothing.
the first feature of the setting that affect the cyclist is the desert.
they could also not be spending time with family.
my third, reason is that it helps send things all over the world.
i believe that there should never be a piece of literature completely banned from public eye.
i think that they can help people with what they need.
instead of sending d letter to someone to invite them to the you could just email them.
when he sees the sign, it read: rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit.
those statements maybe true.
its gotten to him so much that he applauds himself for having the energy to feel sorry for himself.
secondly, some music and movies should be banned.
many of them not be appropriate but whenever you walk into the library its almost as if they are promoting drugs, alcohol, and sex.
nobody has the same views as everybody else, each person is different in their own way.
for example, swear words, such as the ones argued in , often times show the characters' traits and also improve the setting.
where it starts to add up.
children are not old enough to be learning about sex.
this story makes me think of my dad because when things go wrong he can always make a joke or find the bright side of the story.
when she sees it, she remembers her past and is sad.
i know from own experience watching dad has came into room, and told me to turn it off.
and the people who read them books are going to be upset that you took the books off the shelves.
internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination.
when i go home, usually i go straight to my computer like most teenagers do.
the adult must be or older.
then no one would be able to find books about their religion, and no one would benefit.
feeble protection is never good.
none tried to stop them.
the adult books and magazines that might be offensive for children should be in a section in a separate room, or on a different level of the building.
they should be where the people that are or older get them but i still thing that they should not be and there.
, in my opinion computers are good for people.
lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends.
on a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to tickets would have the exact same thing.
the dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen.
instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer.
it really looked like a diamond back that is a poisonous snake and the cyclist has barely able to ease post it because, of his lack of water.
i think it should be anybody business than the person checking it out.
with all the posting of pictures someone you with it.
he has every thing he needs but some how it turns out bad.
shes saying by next spring shell take her test.
of those said use computers daily, and not just for work.
computers actively help us with our daily lives.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
thank you very much!
the time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others.
the car was badly smashed.
i strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down.
what about nature?
also it would be the best choice.
the library is a place for people to go and read whatever they want.
instead you can exercise.
like computers sometimes keep kids out of the street so they wont get in trouble.
many families have spent thousands thousands of dollars on buying the computers and them fixed.
this is what the final paragraph in the story winter hibiscus means.
if you see something and you want it so bad.
worked as a post master and a storekeeper.
she found comfort with nature after she went and bought a plant.
some classics are also being speculated against.
doctors, , all people alike are seeing more and more how computers affect family life.
you can also look out to nature.
we all are given the right to our opinion on such pieces.
out of people keep in touch with family or friends online.
he is sincere and regular in his work.
they help communicate around the world.
that to me sounds like when he was growing up it was rough and he never actually loved some one in his life until now.
to stay in touch they email or chat.
how will be able to fend for themselves?
for example, the sun was beginning to beat down.
they can confront the situation about three child.
do you find some items offensive and want libraries to remove them?
today i am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are.
the computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home.
computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time is used for a good reason.
they are electronic, which means no paper.
all genres of everything should be available to the .
the cyclist feels a growing desperation as the setting around him gets progressively move bleak.
overall, setting can be a determining factor in a journey as they life
discoveries cannot be made about new species on the computer, a computer cant find for your find .
people also use and play games on unknown websites.
am i know in my heart that they are sorry for hurting you in anyway.
the national geographic magazine often has pictures of naked people and so does the magazine.
for example your friend live the other side of the globe you an your computer and message so you can still talk to them all the time.
third, it can help with school and work.
in this memoir the mood sounds like a happy one.
bad characters create a lot of trouble for all of us.
i believe that you have the right to take that book off the shelf.
meeting people from various professions is my another hobby.
the hidden information could be helpful.
steal from you and worse.
you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you use a computer so you know how far.
the people that censor could be wrong about the content of the material.
the media does not look at you as a whole, just as a population of people.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
dear local newspaper, i agree with the people that support advances in technology.
if they are taken out of libraries, this mature audience has nothing to watch or read in the library.
and read about people and go to countries just by a clicking a button is pretty amazing.
to more on i will explain what i mean about being with family and friends.
she realized that many of the things that she had thought of as strange before had become almost familiar to her now.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a negative effect on people.
i am here to say that, that is a terrible accusation.
whenever you need it.
this paragraph is placed at the conclusion of the story because it reflects the theme of change and adaption throughout the story, but mostly reflection.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is they had no problem finding a house.
because he listened to their directions, he traveled through ghost towns and hourly died from dehydration.
this made him happy because he knew that he was safe and loved with these people.
certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain.
my first reason is to look up information on the computer.
why should we have to suffer anymore with uncensored books at the library?
the internet is an extraordinary invention that is very simple and helpful to use.
famous singer says.
the books from the movies like the side.
i like to keep the teddy near me when i am at home.
he had little water, and his area had tough terrains.
you do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites.
kids do not need to be learning these things at such a young age.
a doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people.
the students have to pay for the food and stay in the hostel.
most adults have been through school and are educated but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc.
there are a few ways that the library could handle the books that offend people.
firstly, computers are mandatory to have for work and .
missed each other until i turned and was invented.
i traveled by train with my mother.
just as the container is alien to the flower because its used to being free.
lets you meet new people without having to tell them who you are.
which has been proven by news.
do you want a world full people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen?
the features in the setting are not very good for the cyclist.
sometimes, even children have to go through it as well.
also he talked about him might getting a heatstroke.
if you took the songs that were offensive off the shelf that would make people angry.
this is a disgrace!
you can look up certain workouts that you might want to do.
books are very helpful when it comes to essays or etc.
the setting is a great effect on how the cyclists act especially with no water.
also gives me about a college that i would and like to attend to.
i still feel frightened when i remember the accident.
computers are essential to our present day lives.
i believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends.
computers are just amazing!
he described his parents to be very caring and always put their children before their needs.
in this essay i will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers.
the possibilities computer allow you to do is research.
they could be offensive to some but to others only educational.
parents have a point, but children can not be protected from everything, they must learn and accept certain ideas as they grow and develop.
computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!
say if there is a book discriminating a race than i agree that it should be taken off the shelves.
they must learn how to become successful in life.
your child finds a magazine.
they brought love to all people.
he works day and night.
all of us were very excited and came dressed in lovely clothes.
those are the features of the setting which affected the cyclist
the list is endless.
all you do is type a subject to .
with all that has been said, do you still believe in all of the going on in your nearby library?
your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project?
in the progress the computer has put over of single people and expressing the relationship.
now a days, computers have been made green in the battle for the environment.
in a public library i think that all books should be there to check out!
just the endlessly bleak landscapes also played a roll in the cyclist feelings.
you can get some weights and exercise in your room.
go with them for some ice cream.
the mood created by the author, , is a upbeat & happy mood.
so computers are unhealthy for people to have.
you can talk to people without the long distance fees of .
i understand that books and other material offend certain people, but it might not offend others.
the library should have a variety of books if not what if the point of a library.
i think the comp is a in every household.
i think computers are an important part of a persons daily life.
this drove the cyclist to continue on in order to survive.
but what about the other people?
finally, it is a good fool.
you can get research about the earth and what happens to it.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
a survey done by .
computers have been the technological item to have over the past or so years.
computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people.
the whole range of knowledge is based on orderliness around us.
how many times would china be in the newspaper?
in conclusion, you need to get a computer!!
obviously, the interactions with others on the computer have a great effect on people.
finally, offensive movies are actually offensive, whether this be to the kid himself, the parents, or the audience that the movie is targeting.
in my science class a boy named never does his homework.
explicit content can give children more details about how things really are in life.
there for, computers are time consuming & should not be used.
that they have not done anything to deserve this kind of mess that we put them through.
all the facts of life and the world are put into it.
cries of mothers children whom they from.
being an citizen you have the right to write down whatever you want to write down.
such as word.
computers are becoming a household item in the and around the world.
if people all liked the same things, would not life be boring?
snakes are poisonous.
the speed limit was and he was going so it must have been hard to get over all the bumps.
some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them.
getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching.
you can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years.
of the people who use computers are obese or overweight.
i was once that little kid who opened the wrong book, at the wrong time.
the setting has a large effect on the cyclist because it causes him to be dehydrated, which presents the main conflict of the story.
i know our school library here at has always had problems with getting books back and not paying late fees.
this would not be good for the cyclist because he would be able to get water for his trip.
these are reasons why i think they should be able to censor books, music, movies, and also magazines.
many products such as paper, gum, rubber, etc, are obtained from trees.
she wants to go back and try again.
it was a pleasure as always to write to you.
they fired questions after questions.
than the children learn and they go out there and do the same thing.
dear local newspaper, would a person do with out a computer?
something has to be done about this.
they tried to shove religion down my throat.
his music is just i of his life.
earlier in the story she had been crying and missing her homeland the tone was troubled and sad.
there is absolute peace without the noise of motor horns and hawkers.
i also like to read magazines every once and awhile.
these things are the reasons computers are good.
they can have live video chats together.
also when he arrived from his journey he found a deserted town.
they also have different areas where you can find movies or magazines.
magazines and journals are kept on the tables.
the hills would make any riding more difficult.
search engines let us type in keywords and find multiple websites on that topic.
people today rely on being able to speak their minds to be apart of their government.
by removing the computer, you eliminate the threats online predators pose for your child and you as well.
when the rough road affect sign appeared the travel then become more difficult.
it was where i learned the real definition of family.
they make rules just to display their power over students, and take away many of their rights.
the green crops, tall trees, and beautiful flowers left a deep impression on me.
researcher say out of people say getting online the best way because you can see when the take off, when the next also when to come back home.
a fresh start with the drivers test.
the last paragraph in, winter hibiscus, was add because the author want to show that she feels bad because she did not pass the test.
so there are children books and there adult books.
this problem is similar to others around the world.
the author is explaining that he had family friends over to his house to eat almost every night.
this tests his endurance even more as he has to maneuver down the hills while dehydrated and ready to collapse from exhaustion.
then the cyclist starts his journey with not a lot of water.
students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed.
books are another thing that could use some censorship.
so much is missed because of computers.
these warnings are required!
libraries must have many different kinds of materials in them to please everyone in the community.
without computers would not know the important news when needed to or information needed for a specific moment.
this could save someone time and effort.
is grateful for all the things his parents did for him and everyone else.
children should know what cursing is and know it is not right to do.
there are books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
are some rare examples.
libraries also have some offensive items in them.
like i said, we can make a certain section for them type of things.
i mean people go to special websites just to talk to friends.
she never wanted to exercise or doing anything active.
the number of obese people especially in children, increases each day.
dear local newspaper, are you spending all your precious time on a computer?
there are many reasons why censorship can be thought of as a good thing, or a bad thing.
it allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves.
we live in , which since founded has been all about freedom.
everyone should be allowed to be themselves.
some people take offense to them.
who can find enough room?!
it is the adults job to protect their children from material such as that.
the book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views.
there have been those action packed movies where there is all the fighting and the blood and the punching.
not only can we use computers to make contact with our families,but we can also use them to speak with our teachers.
if a library had high censorship and everything was taken off the shelf what is the point of going to the library, it would be an empty room.
like you are writing an article on dolphins, you could learn more about them.
travelling makes us see things, people and places with our own eyes.
in the last paragraph, she states that after winter is over she will take the test again when her hibiscus blooms.
the conclusion of the story is that she do like nature, because she talk about the hibiscus.
i also managed to get all the information just from my computer.
they are reasons why i think the author put that conclude with the paragraph.
you can chat long distances without being for it.
there was also the fact that the rider thought he was in the middle of nowhere.
if people think some kind of music is offensive, then they should not listen to it.
computers also broadcast news.
this has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain.
that line right there is showing love.
its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air.
you can google anything you want from when the ended to when the collapsed in .
it was the first time that i had visited such a nice place.
i hope people can now be like and buy computers.
likewise to help our reflexes, computers with the would help people that are distance apart could connect.
now magazines on the other hand can be taken either way.
this includes children and families.
i think computers are good though.
this is also good if you business online.
so i think that just taking it off the shelf would be a bad chose for this.
that affects a lot of people because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer.
i believe that the mood created by the author is happy and loving.
a different setting in my opinion would have ruined the story.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is love.
at the age of sixteen then usually kids are fine on there own they know what to expect.
therefore they began to build houses.
computers is what we use to live we need them to survive.
i think this because when was talking throughout the story talked about how great her life was and how nice your parents are.
dear local i hear you are not sure if computers are good or not well they are and i have many reasons why but i will tell you is.
if libraries censored information, then it would no longer be a place that is unbiased.
in conclusion in our culture because are very crucial in our culture because it can let you surf online and help you interact with people who live faraway.
it refreshes the mind.
in case you are iffy about my reasons, i will simply restate them.
i love to be in the computer all day because i always enter to and talk online.
this saves the biker progress and most likely scared him.
the internet gives information on anything possible.
the parents turned a simple house into a home.
first of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising.
but what children might not know is that reading also strengthens there vocabulary.
she had walked into the library looking to find answers to her questions over a liberal topic.
even thought they are offensive, they provide good details that are required for a good book.
you can do a lot more things on a computer that you cant do on a piece of paper.
are some good reasons why computers are good and help you.
removing movies and magazines that contain pointless offensive material from the shelves could be a good thing.
this was an obstacle that he had to overcome.
no matter if you have to start all over and doing it again.
i liked to explore the library and find new things.
some ways that they handle this problem can get a little extreme.
we all have seen a rainbow, one day or the other.
computers have even made our society.
bird watches monthly has had a decrease in subscriptions the because people are not interested in nature anymore.
all my reasons before.
therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology.
the mood is mainly set by the memories of her environment, friends, and culture.
many people use this method for jobs.
computers are so helpful today almost everyone has one.
a little later he comes across fish camp, he is very relieved and thankful to the owners.
we should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this.
there is so much guidance for our daily lines through computers.
the libraries would have a very watered down material base and there would be no reason to use this place anymore.
secondly, computers have also increased medical care and have been the cave between life or death.
in the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job.
by playing games , we can use what we learn in real life.
the of is undoubtedly loving
they talk about history, and guns and drugs, and wars and all sorts of other history information.
parents need to sit down with their when they have questions and discuss the truth with them.
so thanks to libraries that have an eye out for things like this
people have started sending their mails through computers.
i would give my students the real education.
there are so many alternatives then to just take those certain books off the shelves completely.
we, as children and teenagers see and hear about this everyday.
just because the fact of some people might not like the things that would be in a library or things that they have in the library.
he can also buy the worms to eat.
my cousin is in college right now and i always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing.
another example is there were dangerous animals like snakes that he came across.
it is really that those cultures could be in a friendly neighborhood during those times.
but, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog.
how are we going to encourage people to use computers when their at the risk of getting their stolen.
plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project?
you can do many things on it.
be wise of the kind of movies and books you leave around the library.
he is a terror to the bad characters.
she says thinking of home and all the great memories she shared with a plant.
remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things?
the makes his dehydration seem much worse because of the fact that he has water it is just undrinkable.
this is why i think.
removing anything from the shelf is not bad.
also, at one point he reaches a snake on the road.
