so we say something.
i check online for homework and in online shopping twenty minutes.
his team the game.
a few years back, my mom stopped taking my brother and i to the library.
saves money and time!
definitely, read on to see what computers can too.
its all out of respect to people who are wanting to be in a quiet area.
let the libraries be!
i am not complaining about this because i understand that schools have to be careful of what they are exposing students to.
he was one of the few people who was working on going to the moon for the very first time.
they follow what technology to make life .
its a crying shame to see something so beautiful die, while most of us do nothing to help.
and all of them are offensive to someone.
granted not all people did, but that is because of certain variables.
i am not in any way against reading books, rather i am quite on the contrary.
in the memoir the author creates a mood that is calm and comfortable.
but too much censorship can become a bad thing.
therefore, he should prepare notes regularly at home.
dear local newspaper, have you ever forgot the book you needed for homework?
i think that if maybe it is a inappropriate book from someone in grade school to read then it should be in the high school or a public library.
the bigger kids like in grades should be able to look at the books because it will be word that have heard before.
so why should rap be banned just because it talks about killing, drugs, and drinking.
at they help with homework and projects.
computers can and make you.
the author also talks about how grateful he is for his parents.
and if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included?
instead of banning or removing these kinds of books off shelves why not put a strict age limit on books, and actually stand by it.
they benefit our society in many ways.
i believe that it completely depends on how a library advertises or who they allow to check out what.
everyone remembers sometime when someone said something offensive to them.
if they are found offensive to the public.
that could have everything about doing drugs on , which persuades kids to do them, and no one wants their kids doing drugs.
the chief guest arrived on time.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was very loving, thankful, and happy.
last we get to talk to people online in these next paragraphs ill share my thoughts about this topic to you.
we should help to educate and rehabilitate them.
computers provide entertainment to people.
can go to , ask question and get an instant reply.
knowing you have people who are like family is incredible.
the author concluded the passage with a very powerful statement.
another reason is because the road was very rough.
she took it with her everywhere she went.
they go on to say.
often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web.
censorship is a matter of great contention today.
so should these materials that open up doors to new minds sets, and feelings such as books, music, magazines, and movies be censored?
in conclusion computers have a positive effect on people because its helps people learn about cultures, places, and jobs around them.
you can talk to people long distance.
your bank account number.
so what i am saying here is that if you find something offensive then fix it instead of letting it bother you every day of you life.
so it has been here over years it going away.
have you ever heard of ?
first of all, what i mean by bad things i mean, your child can go on bad websites, talk to strangers, or get harassed.
in our school, we are taught about the risks of computers, and how to prevent any possible .
it with the flower and the flower budding will support her and give her hope.
he regained hope and moved ahead.
in my years of reading i have read a few books that were questionable.
the people running the business decide to take out older pieces of work that offend younger people in this generation.
is high deserts.
should be removed from shelves just because they are found offensive.
finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer.
in today many young get raped.
thank you for your time.
taking away topics that are well liked even with words or contents of what they are reading is not fair to the readers.
even if the book is filled with drugs or nudity, the concerned parent cannot just take actions into their own hands.
this affected the author mentally, making him remember he had no water.
there could be many ratings , , , and .
although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous.
lack of records of that period makes a study impossible.
if your always happy on the computer.
that also shows she will not forget her old home.
spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body.
also if you had to look up a person for a school project.
computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away.
if a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and do serious damage to their brain.
when the flower is budding, it is beginning a new life.
many argue that materials considered offensive are damaging to society, and should not be tolerated.
should certain books and magazines be removed from the shelves if found offensive ?
yes computers give people jobs but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt peoples feelings.
it is the people around you causing the offensive news.
objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while.
if a person has an interest in a book, they should be able to read it if they so choose.
this hot climate makes the cyclist extremely thirst, hot, and and sweaty.
to stay on playing mindless games, or randomly searching the web.
she has built a small nest on the roof outside my room.
here is my opinion on if i think that those books should be removed or not.
one of them jumped into the pool.
i do not believe that these types of books should be taken off of the shelves.
they are scared what do they do.
but the more books read and understood, more books will be wrote and published.
the children buy ice-cream, toys, sweets, and candies.
one way or another they will find out.
libraries are a place for learning and work.
which makes it more entertaining than a book.
you would be mad at them and wonder why.
i hope i persuaded you on my position.
also, you could give him a time limit on too.
there are springs of water in few places in a desert.
the question is, do computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
libraries should not remove items from the shelves if they are found offensive.
this light helps us to study at night.
the main reasoning behind this is that since these books portray witchcraft in a positive light, they must be harming our innocent children.
you work out your arms & your legs!
though it is the parents who should censor what the children read and listen to not the libraries.
i really do not get why you should complain about these things.
he was very thankful for their giving arms to anyone who needed them and for their warm attitudes and teachings of what family really defines.
failing hurt her greatly.
a library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new views.
computers do benefit society because they are fun, a source of communication, good for schooling and education, and for work.
when your at a young age, anything can happen, while your on the computer, even worse things can happen.
i do not think that there is a need to remove offensive materials from libraries.
computers are also a huge help on a project school or work some peoples jobs, they are required to use computers.
some people think that kind of thing is funny, but to others it bother them.
removing these things from the shelves can be taking some history right out of our lives.
i like, computers but i am going to say i am against them.
the setting of a story is the background, place, and time the story took place.
mr. peter is very fussy about his food.
then, the author talks about how their home is always open and welcome to family and friends.
learning, and the are online job to be online.
rather than just getting rid of it all together.
it is a way of learning and researching and it would be almost impossible to censor everything there.
people on the internet can do anything they want.
you can drive a person crazy.
kids always follow what they hear or what they see.
if a material offends one person, is that sufficient enough to exclude it, or do you need a larger group?
sit on your back pond and go bird watching.
on my desktop computer at home.
computers are and people spend to much time on them instead of having an outdoor experience, exercising, and talk and bonding with their family and friends.
you could not the true meaning of an art piece that the artist is trying to show, so there could be no possible abstract art.
i remember going to the library all the time when i was younger.
many times in school, students are asked to do a report on a different country.
so now you can see why i believe that such things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
there are a lot of things that effect the cyclist, such as the heat, having no water, the rough roads and the long trip.
do you love to have friends overseas?
then the cyclist notices that the road has some hills in it.
part this is due to spending too much time on the computer.
however, to make things even easier, libraries could just put a warning label on offensive material to prevent some people from reading it.
computers are a great way to get in touch with people.
censorship is acceptable in some circumstances but what is censored should not be decided by the government.
also, maybe kids should not have computers but they can get one when they get older.
if there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future.
but people need to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values.
everyone has their own opinion and is mine.
many children take advantage of this they rent books and games they know parents would never allow.
also this setting shows the cyclist had to use all he had just to survive.
also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in.
the mood of love and care is incorporated into the memories of her childhood, beginning from the time she was born.
i think other wise.
some students were busy fishing.
there are plenty of books out there and many different authors that the person can choose from.
all they have to do is hit a button.
maybe you could even make next about how resourceful, beneficial and social computers are!
everyone loves staying on the computer.
for example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist in many was.
in conclusion, i believe that the children now a days that are exposed to any type of offensive things should know the meaning behind it.
thinking of his thirst would only get him more thirsty.
if this continued, we would have no books to read.
her hibiscus represents courage to overcome her obstacle which is her driving test that she failed.
as soon as he was about to give up his troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind him now.
the cyclist is running out of water and he is the middle of the dessert.
and what i mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn about stuff there to.
the features of the setting have a very negative effect on the cyclist.
we are a middle class family and my home also belongs to the family background.
in the middle of the market, there is a big medical store.
winter is not nice, it is cold.
sex, gang violence, and drugs seem to appear everywhere in my generation.
so you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer.
therefore, we must recognize that we have to survive and live together.
this time the cyclist says yes, sir!
there are the reasons to why i think that people should less time on the internet, and more outdoors.
there are now several ways to talk to friends, phones, texting, instant messaging, and even video chat!
he becomes delusional when he said that if he were lucky one of the stones would be lodged in his throat.
for some students, the holidays mean more work.
something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one.
eventually libraries will have nothing left.
another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read.
i could finish my homework in minutes compared to hours!
these people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well.
i strongly consider that you take my ideas into consideration and hopefully agree with them.
i think a computer would always have a positive affect on people.
thru computers all around the world, and going on the computer can open you to the whole world.
without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily.
others find the book, movie, or magazine to be great and very informative or interesting.
first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it.
also when he came across the tumbleweeds and the large snake he tried to avoid them.
the computers give people the ability to talk and see people they they the would never communicate with anymore.
students stand in groups and talk.
he or she should not throw a tantrum over something that they find offensive while other people find very enjoyable.
the bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal.
in conclusion those are the reasons the setting affects the cyclist.
there are many reasons why offensive material should not be banned.
everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not appropriate.
the main problem is water, or lack there of.
music can be produced or even rapped or sung in many different ways to get to people.
to concern: i have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
using computers is very time consuming.
would you ask for it to be taken off the shelf or just ignore it?
secondly, computers interfere with family and friends.
they should be able to hear very little or see very little but when they get older they are suppose to be use to this.
the soldier must be ready to overcome any difficulty.
i lost about six cousins in the war from where a bomb hit there area.
would removing books from shelves limit our possibility to learn or see something from a different point of view?
what does the parent do when that child brings that book home?
every person does not grow up in the same conditions, but material could teach them.
dear local news paper, computers are powerful machines in our world.
the author of winter hibiscus decided to conclude the story in that way because she wanted to tie in the theme of new beginnings.
our society is just going downhill from here.
they came from neighboring villages.
this is why i think having a computer is a good things what do you think?
by taking certain books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves, we are limiting the amount of materials for people to borrow.
also it allows people to talk online from far away places.
with the computer keeping in touch with people in different towns, states, or even hemispheres is a piece of cake.
he speaks softly to his patients.
the tumble weeds gave you no hope of getting any where and the snakes and vultures just eating you after you died.
thank you for taking the time to read essay and i hope you can see things way.
yet, the real question is; about our children?
most importantly, the use computers is influenced in schools.
some of these materials be books, magazines, movies, and music.
no waiting involved!
those are the features of the setting that affected the cyclist.
often times, the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming.
what is this world coming to?
these are picked up by spell check.
each person has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library to suit their interest.
personally in my opinion i have no problem with anything found in libraries today.
the plant will always be there, but she has to look for the good that united states provides.
dear , i am writing to you to let you know my opinion on computers and technologies.
his water shortage is the second thing that affects him because it makes him despair and feel that he is about to collapse and die.
people will spend less time staying active.
he says how his parents left behind their friends, family and jobs in the hope that their children would have a better life.
he works very hard from morning till night.
whether it is a magazine, movie etc everyone in the world is going to see it some way or another.
though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful.
around the library were a thousand stories of a man and woman falling in love, but never did i find a fairy tale of two princes.
if something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general.
newspaper and readers, computers are a very large part of our lives and society.
he can’t
this is what i think should happen to books in a library.
we can talk on the mobile phone at a distance of thousands of kilometers.
we want to keep it away from them so that in the future, they know not to use it.
the roads became, bumpy, and there were a lot of hill the cyclist had to go over.
since they want it more they will find away to do, watch, or listen to what ever it be.
when her mother says this, she feels that she has let her mother down.
away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online.
both books have one thing in common.
when it was two hundred degrees left, and no water left, he pushed himself to the light.
teachers, principals, business men, and even children deserve the right to reading what they like.
every person over the age of eighteen has the right to read anything they wish.
the features of the setting affect the cyclist.
one way is we can find closest gyms on the internet.
so i emailed him and how i get a response and i fixed my laptop.
to the editor of the , i am writing to state my opinion as to whether computers benefit or harm society.
last, you can have fun creating games and stuff to share with everyone.
i personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to.
to censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world.
by spending some time leisurely, we will be able to prolong our lives and also be comfortable.
books and movies all over the world are being censored and removed from libraries, day after day, due to their explicit content.
i over heard two girls talking.
computer can give people fast reflexes and helps people in sports.
these books are all written in a style of their own and can bring a different lesson to every reader.
he had a covered basket in one hand a been (flute) in another.
if it is said that every reading that comes off offensive should be taken off the shelves, then what would be left on them.
without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales.
she cried to show her pain, and bought a plant to cheer her up.
they share them with their neighbours.
these are just same of the many ways someone could be sucked into their computers.
therefore computers have positive effects.
the author chose to end the story in this way because it effectively ties in different aspects and principles of the story.
some people were standing in a queue.
however, we can also improve and learn from them.
the computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are.
the authors gave the decision to choice between books or items.
the author also uses that paragraph at the end to show a sense of release.
run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer.
first thing we should discover is how many people like books, movies, or music like that.
so i believe anything that is published should be there for the public to read.
to whom it concern, computers are beneficial to society.
who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing that they are going to be reading something that is not interesting and just boring?
they effect the cyclists confidence, and hope.
even though you go through bad times in your life just step and do it over again until it becomes better.
i am writing this letter to say that i agree with how computers benefit society.
you get to learn about famous people you do not know about so all you have to do is go on the computer and look up your celebrity.
also, growing up made him proud because he came up not having a lot, to being a famous fashion designer.
people hear cuss words probably everyday, whether its at school or home.
as you can see, the cyclist goes though many moods caused by the setting of the story.
we need to have rules in libraries.
for example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places.
i know i do!
the last thing i would want my children seeing in a is offensive material.
their career will have gone down the drain because there is no future in offending others.
well, not only is a job being completed, but you are also exercising i remember last month when my class was assigned a five page essay.
computers have had such a negative impact it makes people want to stay glued to their chairs with their eyes glued to their monitors.
are some books, music, movies, and magazines out that are offensive.
dear to this concern, computers do a whole lot now of days.
soon dusk fell.
i believe most things such as books, music, magazines, etc.
i had vocals is a galore to deal with.
overall, computers are one of the most useful and common of the learning devices.
the reason i say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging).
they do bad in school because they spend so much time on the computer that they stop doing their homework and stop preparing for tests and quizzes.
all this was caused by the setting he was in.
the time is now to understand the full benefits of computers.
the mood of the memoir is warm, happy, and sweet, thanks to the author.
although health is a problem community is a bigger one.
the setting affects the biker in many ways.
some people might think that computers are a waste of time.
he said it was hot and that he was lost.
music should also remain in libraries because the artist did not put the lyrics in the song to bring the listeners attention to the offensive material.
or maybe you need to find out what the weather will be like, there are many websites for that.
first, computers are not good for your eyes.
while you type a report you can also research on your project at the same time.
on the other hand, a poor but healthy man enjoys life better.
there are many answers to this question and many people have different views to the question.
my last argument is that people can talk to anyone using chat sites.
all of these make the cyclist start to give up hope.
the setting has a major role for a cyclist.
but, what are they taking away from us?
just stay away from it and you will not get offended.
the author has left her home and moved to another country.
thank you for your time.
libraries are a great resource for information all around the world.
she was so successful.
they should not be where the kids go and read books or nothing like that.
you can never say that anyone thing is offensive to everyone because no one person can be everyone.
on the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression.
specifically, baseball.
computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do.
disturbing covers and titles are littered throughout the library.
they should be locked up.
for example the story was set on a highway set at which the cyclist was only able to do .
another opinion of mine on this subject, is if these kinds of material offend someone then they could not go to that area of the library.
this is the amazing experience you can get from going outside.
makes any task difficult because the sun drains a persons energy.
books do not kill people.
every one is either texting someone.
just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone.
this shows that seeing the broken down juice factory gave him no hope and he tells his self that he will die.
they also help things go faster.
he bears a good character.
no matter how far away they go.
if you find it offensive tell them to pick out a new book, new , a new movie, or a new magazine.
so i hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what i think.
i strongly believe that computers do benefit society for three reasons.
to his dismay, these elderly men sent him through life threatening conditions in a deserted area.
i think that we should read about war and witch them because it is a good way to learn our mistake.
one way is to be respectful to people and people be respectful back.
another example, say that you lost your voice to a terrible cold.
i am mature enough to know not to act out on what i read, and i am already aware of most of the things that books present.
such as taking a walk and enjoying nature?
the more information you have the better.
later we fear panic set in as these terrain becomes hilly and tumbleweeds and snakes cross the path.
also, it exploits that she will get the courage to keep on trying and not give up.
so i realized that i can go on the computer at the library.
another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are you memorize them.
it allowed me to talk to my brother white he was at his chaotic college.
they have two large white teeth known as tusks which they use for their protection.
third, communication are going to be a hole lot with computers.
now the content of some books are not always appropriate.
this shows that many children are on a computer too much.
computers actually help you with sports in a way.
they just should not offend somebody to be a good song or a really great movie.
dear local newspaper, i strongly believe computers can be bad for society.
people who love animals and like to study animals should go out and get fresh air watch the animals study them.
take the books that contain offensive material, or be inappropriate for those younger than adults and place them in their own divided section in the library.
so should we keep using computers for the good of our society, or not use computers to exercise more?
they can either play sports or even take a walk or run.
when it starts budding, will take the test again.
kids in the world hear bad language, see fighting, and even see people get shot.
one of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde i have ever met.
we all have a right to learn, to explore new ideas, and to expand our minds.
the water bottles contained only a few tantalizing sips.
that means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it.
why put it on the shelves of libraries then?
i believe the author ended the story with that paragraph to create a sense of wonder.
the author concludes the story that way because one theme is to overcome obstacles.
if others spent at least a half an hour being outside to some fresh air instead of using a computer most of them would feel a lot better.
so teenagers think, ' if they can do it, so can i!'
after a little while, the cyclist found himself alone in the desert with no one in sight.
while the hibiscus represents the old memories of her past and homeland.
dear , name is and i will be talking about the wonderful impact computer technology has had on man kind.
some people, say that computers enable internet conversations between friends, and computers pass off information about faraway places and people.
the author uses this paragraph to conclude her story to show that there was thought & a process gone through where she was learning & growing.
remember computers are easy to use, you can stay connected to friends and you can go to school on them.
that is how the mood is created by the author.
what someone might think is weird, somebody else might think is normal.
what do you think?
people should be allowed to read the material and topics they enjoy to read.
the times we have oppressed people, the terms we used so commonly we attempt to hide now.
finally people who have computers are probably happy because computers is a good thing to have because you can do everything on it.
first they allow you to chat with friends they allow you to message anytime you want.
books are meant to be read and interpreted by the reader.
people have different tastes in what they like to listen to or watch or read about.
and some deaths are around by a heart attack.
the author puts this paragraph at the end of the story so you can see that the girl is like the geese and the hibiscus.
set it up for only your friends to see.
this is why she concluded the story with a vow.
most hear curse words before they can even walk.
computers help people study, learn, and even talk to other people.
third, where he talks about his neighborhood.
instead they sit and play games on a computer.
most of the time the child will have an adult with them but sometimes they can pick up something before you can stop them.
first, people spend less time exercising.
that is why everything that is in the library is staying in the library
you can do all of this within the privacy of your on home so you can remain as secret as a agent.
and because he misses so many days a school year he usually keep bad grades.
people are getting fat because they are sitting at the computer and not doing any movement.
getting information from the computer is very debatable.
censorship be needed but the offensive materials do not need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one could ever read it again.
moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world!
but then again we could all wonder where would we be today without computers.
the offensive content should not be removed from libraries because it is usually in a mature section and it has a right to be there.
so there for i think that building rooms for these area is the right thing to do.
if you want to learn another language you can learn an entire language on your computer.
this final paragraph draws together and unites all the final paragraph on concluding idea.
sohan is my next-door neighbor.
telling myself that if i could make it that far, id be fine.
if you are sending someone a list, a recipe for example.
movies should also be censored.
dear , in a pole conducted by the () people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library.
however that some of the websites are fake, which is easy to great research to use for school projects.
for example, books.
if you are always on the computer how are you going to get exercise?
i you will come through to yourself and agree.
you have to act now, before its too late and computers have over taken the world.
people think that this scene is to provocative and another person look at that and say there is nothing wrong.
also we can see that everything and everybody should get a second chance.
he takes lunch on the farm.
the can helps in ways also.
we can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific.
for example, if something is thought to be offensive, then it can be placed with others like it.
is that true though?
there will definitely be some people like that.
with rules and conditions the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone.
as you read my letter i hope you fell the same way.
a hobby is a favorable activity one pursues in one’s spare time for pleasure and recreation.
this applies to music, movies, magazines, websites, and books alike.
this mood is unity.
families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities.
when that happens, why is it okay to take away what makes that person feel normal?
computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on people.
s they had no problem finding a home.
if that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section.
kids and adults go outside and have fun.
they also say that they are not interacting with family and friends.
a final mood would be happiness.
should the child that is being beaten at home have to suffer in silence because it seems too graphic to tell?
maybe a near death experience causes someone to write a book.
should be removed from the library.
she is saying there is, everybody has a certain opinion, they take offense to different things.
this continues lots of kids will be fit and .
dear , i am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on a new meaning.
my car can run at a very high speed.
the internet is very addictive.
fish is her favorite food.
on a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc.
i believe people have the right to read,watch, or listen to what they want as long as it is not breaking any laws.
then what we will be able to read or listen too
books should be something that each person should have a choice in.
sometimes life can feel so cruel.
as time went on he soon became close out of water and a loss of energy.
many companies make these pictures with all imagination.
authors often end stories with paragraph that make readers wonder what happens next.
alright no body is home or online i think going to kick back turn some music to kick back turn some music on and maybe take a nap.
this decision is now up to you.
so, i returned the book to the library.
i think a library should have censorship when it comes to what they have and how they organize it.
i hang my head.
i live in the .
i hope you take my advice, and i thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort.
but other people want to read this book.
computers are one of these great benefits.
and they are given the right to use it.
he does not hurt the feelings of others.
were not thinking about what power teens have with the internet.
spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy.
this is what my family did on our vacation to and everything turned out perfectly all thanks to the computer and being able to do everything online.
these social networking allow teens to talk with there friends.
through a recent study, out of families in say they have relatives that are far away.
last reason is i know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier.
they can also entertain us when we have nothing to do.
he aces the reports, and continues to use this method.
that is their work and they took the time to do it for our entertainment!
banning books and such from libraries takes away a part of history and leaves a gap for the future.
i know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what i have to say, their will be no doubt that you will agree.
that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again.
do you see our future now?
now picture this; kids turning in eight page essays to their teachers, when typing it would have taken three.
they might not want to be around you as much.
she talks about how her parents helped others of their kind which made her what she is today.
he needed to find a place with water.
so, they just agreed to look past them and ignore what is there if it offends them for the people who do not find them offensive.
as much as she misses her old home, she is adapting.
i do not make fun of books because i know whatever someone writes down, in their eyes, is the truth.
the internet also is a valuable research tool.
in a public library, many children, who the books are censored for, are with their parents.
this means that the way he had to go was tough and making it hard for the cyclist to stay focused.
saying such, if someone finds a book offensive, they just should not pick it up.
this i could not imagine.
and computers do really break because people could download a game or something and then it gives it virus.
it be offensive to you but to another person it not be.
but many would disagree with that.
some believe that they help us learn, but i just say so do books.
most people like stuff that is interesting to them and some like other things.
kids today need to be able to read what they want, to open up their minds to new ideas and ways of life.
so, the setting is very important in this essay because it has a lot to do with how the cyclist feels.
the setting in this story greatly affects the cyclist.
it just comes to show that, are many different things in this world today that not everyone is going to agree on.
music can be so powerful to people and taking it away is not the right thing to do.
eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good.
all you want to do is keep going and hope you can find your way.
well i would like to state my opinion if that is good with you.
but my opinion on the magazines, and movies could vary.
therefore i believe games are harmful habit to young .
he brought with him the love of cooking.
that if you want something off the shelf, think about the other people that actually want to use rather than thinking about just you.
the world is not a perfect place by no means.
this is just one reason i support computers.
the final reason is parents can limit what their own children read.
computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future.
you please some with this idea but you will also anger others with this action.
life is filled with mixed society and emotions, so not everyone will agree on the same thing.
the owner heard me.
try to think how the future would have been if racism, terrorism, wars, or even an event like the holocaust were censored.
this can help you get a job and even help with a sport you like.
i think that all the bad books should be taken out of a library.
she previously had a lot of home sickness, missing her grandmother and keepsakes from her child hood.
has your daughter or son ever told you that reading from a textbook is boring?
the main mood of the story is clearly thankfulness.
he describes how hard it is growing up in a racist time, and how the real meaning of family is changed through different points of view.
dear local newspaper, your computer daily can be a waste of your life.
other items such as music, movies, or magazines also should not be censored, though some of them are already.
all this would help to create a good atmosphere in the school.
second, being on a computer makes you stay inside.
ah, i love hearing my computer thunk on when i wake up.
because the towns were deserted, the cyclist water supply was dwindling because there was no place where he could get more water.
the hard being the kitchen.
even people in perfect condition.
another reason is that you can communicate online for free.
the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
people would take their business elsewhere.
elephants are very strong and powerful.
i hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today.
the thing they have to understand is that children need to grow up.
since all they talk about in the media is sex, sex articles would probably be in the magazines.
so if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books.
what if your a little kid and your mom or did go on business trips faraway for a very long time?
but if we would simply read about the movie on the back of the case or ask about it then we would know to choose a different movie.
today every family has a house of their own.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is pride.
our youth today is very influenced by the music we listen to the books we read and the television we watch.
from books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us with it.
well the computer is a great source for learning about these places.
he almost pounced on that man and wanted him to throw his cigarette.
have you connect.
well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school.
when that is not true do to the fact that computers have.
most places have what they call late fees.
that is one thing i do not like about computers.
that is the mood the author gives off in the memoir.
yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you.
dear, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
dear of my local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
what will you do?!?
dear local newspaper, you know that more than half the students in the world use the computer to study.
he was exhausted and could not go on without water.
now please read on for my second reason.
so i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc should be taken off the shelves if they are found offensive
riding bike is really hard work when having to ride in hundred degree weather.
if there was not anymore books in the library, children would not be able to learn or grow.
a poem, novel, or even a short story, these authors have the right to have it published and put on the shelf.
have good eyes and enjoy nature.
these changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing.
first you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard.
there was always a strong sense of family and the house too.
of people only use computer to connect with family.
there are many books over these topics that many people find offensive or just completely oblivious.
not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people.
the mood created in this memoir is comfort.
in conclusion i believe that every individual has their opinion and own way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive.
if keeping the material in libraries means individuals will become offended for very different reasons, let it be organized chaos.
censoring in libraries is also a pointless and non effective method.
he is a dehydrated and tired that he could see a young boy pouring a refreshing glass of juice in his mouth.
just because some people take offense to certain things, does not mean that everyone does.
you of course need a to do thank one.
when the author put in the conclusion, it was like a light at the end of a dark tunnel.
not traveling outdoors deprives our body an important .
if you had a family member far away, this could be a good way to talk to them.
i walked outside to get the mail and newspaper.
so back to would everyone or some take to books, movies, music, magazines?
the authors family in their home people that they considered family, this right here is a mood well a caring mood.
trust me, i got addicted to a game before.
spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do that much anymore.
this way you can still have time to go out side, play with friends, and interact with family members.
then i have also seen accounts where people have been changed in a good way because of a book.
magazines help people keep up with news.
so i will say again to consider my ideas.
a censored author must feel like a basketball player that did not make the cut despite hours of practice.
music such as rap and the lyrics used in rap are whats making kids do stupid stuff, the music talks about sex, drug usage, and murder.
be a parent or responsible child if you are against censorship.
however, the issue changes completely when one considers children.
there is one, count that, one situation where i feel censorship is necessary.
she symbolizes by planting the hibiscus that things are going to get better if she is not too stuck in the past.
he was looking very handsome.
not all people agree with what should be aloud in a public area.
every person is different.
the problem with censorship is that a could find the book offensive and want it removed from the shelves.
are maybe really good books.
the computer are the best system for go online every body use computer.
they have forget a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
they all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives.
by using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books.
should certain books, movies, and magazines be removed from library bookshelves if found offensive?
this shows that even large important still use it for work.
he starts to lose water to keep him going, yet he pushes himself to the next town.
also, if the person is still a child, there should be no reason for a child to choose the older level of material.
the mother was also able to overcome some obstacles.
the parents were happy about what they did and who they loved.
for example, when shes in the greenhouse, it takes her back to her childhood, it was like walking into another world.
when people are on the computer they are not on for very long.
she still talks to the people in high school, but she mostly talks to her older sister.
many people still like the old tradition of traveling to libraries, and starting the quest for the perfect book.
we have not even seen half of what media can do
i remember when i was a little girl i went to the library.
dehydration took its toll, and he felt hallucinations.
the author shows sacrifice by showing what the parents had to give up in order for their child to have a better life.
sure you can just go to the park and spend time there but not everybody live that close.
these experiences teach us to do, as well as teach us not to do.
fortunately, the bus started again.
therefore, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
books, there are lists of hundreds of banned books and honestly you could find a dozen reasons to ban any book ever written.
the author chose to conclude the story with that paragraph to show that the girl had adapted to her new country.
if everybody is pulling everything off shelves, what would there be to sell or read.
spending time with your family can be great fun, as i recently discovered.
next, the reason the geese are mentioned in the final paragraph is to tie in the fact that she is getting used to because the geese sound familiar.
were you ever given a school project to do, but no book has the information you want?
the mood that was created by the author in the memoir would be i believe love.
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?'
i hope you will take my opinion seriously and think about it is using computers for daily needs really that bad?
he was taken to a private hospital and was admitted, as an emergency case.
i think they should make a floor people can go to, to hangout and talk.
i think it should be up to the reader, if they can handle a book or not.
many things can affect the cyclist.
the desert just made him want water even more.
florence nightingale introduced the famous “nightingale oath”.
movies can reveal whatever they want.
learning about pregnancy make them think how that women got pregnant with a child.
but why do some people think that it is hurting our society.
so reader these are some ways why people should enjoy computers.
but in other cases like be unite with family can be very helpful.
one way computer help is that students can do their school work online and see their teachers pages.
after reading this if have proven that my should be admired by many people.
people need technology for a lot of thin have technology to us.
students take part in various curricular activities.
everyone needs to stay away from the bad people online.
i have notices many teens play cool games on the net.
not all music or movies are offensive.
they are also used for several different things like downloading music on your .
the teachers find this book to be too inappropriate for their students.
we should be kind to each other and speak politely.
in other peoples eyes you find some who disagree and do agree with you from having similar life experiences.
it will start to get ?????
materials should not be removed from libraries.
maybe a great song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh.
dear newspaper people, i think that computers do benefit society for a few reasons.
also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web.
the text states, a young pouring a refreshing glass of juice into his mouth could still be seen.
how is this helpful?
his home was always filled with life & love.
is a fanatic for science and history.
how do you think the victims felt, they were punished for believing, or doing something different.
also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home.
such as the rated movies or books that are inappropriate for young children.
this does not exempt writers or artist who occasionally, or more than occasionally, include explicit content in their works.
for example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you money when you could text, chat voice for free?
the computer is excellent.
all libraries check out books so the book is under a name.
this very bad because when your addicted to something, you can go back.
which is kind of sad if you ask me.
the geese will return and the hibiscus will bud to show spring is here with new life.
i can also see why they are trying to censorship libraries because of the kids behaviors.
censorship for books?
dear editor, i have recently seen on the channel news that you want to know about the.
not only should censorship be allowed, it should be enforced.
so click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email.
even more of the knowledge to be learned is being stripped away and cut down by censorship.
but, maybe if we put censorship in libraries then some or most of the problems can disappear.
along with more computers and users comes increasing dangers and threats.
they help them because these is so many ways to communicate with people through the computer.
dear of society i am writing this letter to you to explain the many benefits towards computers.
but really if you think about it, its all selfish to take away material someone else wants to learn about.
a book or magazine is also made to catch the reader attention.
also, the hills of the country roads.
this means that because the cyclist followed their advice he got lost in the desert and was running very low on water.
not to mention you can buy games like of or : for your !
in conclusion, you could see that computers benefit us in many ways.
another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading.
arguing just decreases the social time spent.
for example, in history class a student is assigned an assignment to get done over the about for a grade.
while others don' see a problem with it.
i remember when my friend moved to .
i think the mood given by the author in the memoir is a happy mood.
maybe other people like that kind of music or etc.
she relates the flower and geese to herself.
students like myself of often use computers for many reasons.
kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled to computers.
censorship is really unavoidable, and it should not be an issue.
threats were found online from big websites like , & .
getting viruses are not cool you have to wait a week or so before they fix it.
it would'n be fair if it was all up to me because the person next to me might not think the way i am.
there is not a point to it.
many people become addicted to computers.
the man started becoming very unsure.
school libraries are a whole different idea.
that they now go on the computer.
computers are very important in life because without computers we would not learn how to communicate with each other.
computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can.
the hibiscus plant in her mind is a symbol of home and happy memories with her grandmother.
as the debate continued, i myself begin to ponder the subject.
it might help us make a better future.
over all, addiction in everything, including computers and a horrible .
in addition books help you get more accurate facts.
he runs into a deserted factory and miles of land without people.
people use books to forget their troubles and take a trip to somewhere outside of themselves.
it leaves many students uneducated about many things that they need to be educated about.
our country was built on free speech, and now it is being taken away.
social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past.
stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations.
what about the , when million were killed because they were .
because people think differently.
in conclusion, the computer has some good sources.
the authors speaking very lovingly at this point in the story.
i think this quote goes along with this topic very well, because the book not mean something to one person but it mean the word to someone else.
i once saw a librarian throw a book away simply because it was about the religion.
having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers.
you just have to choose what you and your kids look at wisely.
they were nice and friendly.
when the librarian told us, we were upset because us girls loved to read those books.
i love to play hockey.
you, newspaper staff, use a computer to type the news.
having these programs helps kids stay in touch with friends that moved away.
it has a skin full of fur and a long tail.
this is why computers are bad.
sometimes, a book or movie is like a cry for help or a way to raise awareness about some wrongdoing in the world today.
having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes.
however, there are still people who think that computers do harm.
i think that computer help many, people in our society.
the market place is very busy in the evening.
the average bill per month is .
making the public recommend the book, and it having positive outcome on the press is the best an author can ask for
computers are too expensive to have to keep.
the classrooms would be well-furnished.
people can pursue a large amount of information with a relatively small space as opposed to using a large area of books.
today you can find so many offensive television shows and commercials.
there were also no people around to help him or give him water.
that is what he or she chose to write about!
you would use a computer to get in touch with friends.
we should try and keep our surroundings clean.
there is music and magazines too.
music is a different story.
second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer help.
i realized i have been wasting a lot of my math homework time lately with those online distracting game.
it deals with the techniques of
such as slavery, the taking over the , and a lot of our world history.
if a certain type of music or book is known to be offensive, then that certain genre can be avoided.
() i think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their.
there are many way you can get this information.
the rough road was also a problem for the cyclist.
also, on this short cut he almost runs out of water.
kids think they are immune to getting in trouble while posting messages or putting up picture of themselves.
another reason is because the road turned into hills which made him use more energy.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is that he is proud of his family, their background, and the way he grew up.
many people don’t know that good health brings mental alertness.
every human being will have a problem some how and that is just what life is.
so much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use.
i found myself next to a stinking man.
by changing him physically.
there is never an agreement when two people have a different look on something.
every one has different views on ideas, and not everyone is alike.
on the to do i when my brother would let me use the play again.
she feels comforted by the return of the geese and budding of the hibiscus.
students stay in hostels and they study also.
this is a movement that should change the opinion of many, do people spend to much time on computers?
when it comes down to the choice, you will know just what to do.
she looked up to see many birds flying overhead and she realized that she has adapted to her life in .
some are more difficult than others and will have a greater impact on your life.
in this article talks about a young man named and how his life was from then and now.
my opinion is that people should have computers in their homes.
on the internet the family could find the numbers, the and some information about it.
each individual has their own opinion of each material.
if so had done it affect thous.
libraries contain many different selections of books, music, and magazines.
sleep is essential to the body and mind and going without can be damaging.
i almost screamed with excitement when my father showed me huge planes near the runway.
the terrain and hills made it difficult.
or simply if a friend cant get a ride to another friends house they on still talk on the computer.
his still in a good mood when he comes to the first town.
the made the majority of the people and were not very smart people.
lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us.
also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers.
but you must control what you do on them and how much you use them.
society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer.
do not take thing off the shelve just, because a couple of students can read or watch it.
now i love my school.
everyone has a different view on something, that is what started this issue in the first place.
dear , i have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in .
as humans we are given certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is the freedom of press.
kids them even teens and adults love.
if that book like that was censored, it would be like saying some people are better than others.
it would make him loose hope and the determination to keep going to find destination.
the author explains of how he felt of his parent that risk everything in order to give him a better future according to paragraph .
a lot of books, especially ones on history, use language and actions that were used during that time.
your friend that moved away, you can send her a message and get back in touch.
i have had many worthwhile times in the library and was never once harmed or offended.
the butterfly belongs to the family of insects.
(not finished!!!)
it was at the when i was years old.
should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended?
what is wrong to some people be right to others.
this park is just a short distance from my house.
another time the author is grateful is in paragraph .
cars also have computers put into them.
interacting with friends and family is always a .
also he did know where he was go.
profanity also can change a person behavior, by the way people talk and act.
while computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you.
this is a good idea for all of us.
but what if i told you that any person could put anything on the internet?
public media outlets need to be more heavily monitored, this includes public libraries, retail stores, the internet, and .
after reading my letter i hope you agree with me.
libraries should be more aware of how people feel about the way they are set up and presented to the public.
in the library, in our little town, splits up the variations of the reading materials,music,and movies.
also how there was always music that was like an endless celebration.
i think that it depends how offensive the materials are, as to whether or not they should be removed from the shelves.
so, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives.
that is how the author used features of the setting to add to the struggle of the cyclist.
i have read many books over the past couple years, and i find that many of the books that i read have proved to be educational to me.
kids not know what is bad from good, but you still have teenagers.
many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that can be considered offensive.
he tells that his family and friends are immigrants and how hard they worked to be free and give a better life to their families and children.
said no but i need to talk to you about a book the librarian said she was way ahead of her.
the world nowadays has gotten ridiculous and out of place.
using computers could possibly save your life one day.
the book ' ' is about a young girl that grew up without a father.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people.
freedom of speech says that we can say whatever we want when we live in .
this quote means now that he is out in the desert he thinks he is going to die since he has no more water.
thank you and have a great day.
in conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people.
at that time the class teacher of my class came out of the principal’s room.
thus being said, i believe that they should try to keep certain offensive material to a minimum.
because of computers, talking to your faraway family is a few clicks away.
basically, you can search anything on the internet you are on the right website.
they provide us timber (wood) for building our houses and making furniture.
since he ran out of water because of the heat, his energy is also dropped.
that of people benefit from using the computer.
this is what the tone of this memoir is.
another thing is that you can do much more with out being on the computer all day long.
we all know that computers can be a good and bad thing.
put these offensive books in libraries then?
those are the reasons why i benefit people using computers.
but once you find it, you would need to check the copyright.
teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting.
students have the right to choose what books they read, as well as the ability to know what they should read.
that is another downside to computers.
computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are.
some material could be informational about our solar system or about the human body.
a library is a place of education and learning.
nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens.
it is also very opening.
their are great things to at the local park every day.
public libraries are, even with the widespread usage of the internet, important places for us, as residents of a city, to socialize and learn.
censorship is just another way to take knowledge from another person or a society.
those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision.
others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read.
i feel so sorry for having sometimes made faces at her.
on computers, you can order things from online websites instead of trying to go out and buy them.
but it does so we must censor certain things that people get a offended by if they saw it in there public library.
and can only create a better person.
also the internet will more than likely have all of the information that is just as offensive.
if you have a confrontation about it then it could get violent .
by sticking to this method, offensive materials can stay out of the hands of those who do not wish to see them.
i think at least of these people spend to much time on the computer and not exercising.
in my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days.
not only did his parents love him; they quit their jobs and moved across the world just so they could give their son a better life.
celebrating traditions and coming together as a family created a loving mood.
this shows how nice and how well the neighborhood got along.
another is for books on certain people or events.
it is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay.
it would be a easier thing just to censor our libraries.
rape is a horrible thing, but it happens.
the features of the setting in rough road ahead: do not exceed posted speed limit affects the cyclist in many ways.
you can find info about there future person they can look up there.
to whom it concern: i will agree that computers have caused many people to spend less time outside.
it brings to the surface the evil side of human nature.
think about it.
the long abandoned roads further increased his doubt of living the whole bike ride.
all in all, the removal of offensive books, magazines, movies, and songs is harmful to the public and to the libraries themselves.
and it also makes you happy it makes you think about all the fun you and your family has together.
the temperature was extremely high and the humidity was very dry.
during the cyclists biking adventure he encounters several interesting situations.
when a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer.
the pebbles aloud him to keep his mouth moist and not think so much of his thirst.
in the story it is talking about the girl overcoming the failed test and retaking it.
since the hospital was a private one, the salaries were rather low.
time is the most valuable possession of a man in a civilized society.
after all is said and done, offensive material should be removed from libraries.
last but not the least, computers allow people to talk with other people from around the world.
also some people have family and friends who live across the world.
when you go to a new country, you also get the opportunity to meet new people.
however, so the show will melt and her sorrow will go away.
we as people need knowledge.
so the setting definitely had to have affected his confidence and his energy levels.
every year he send a general report of its functioning, expansion programme and financial commitments etc.
this is an example of how badly the terrain had effected him.
we could look up who was the of in the would get multiple sites on the .
the planet should be explored not surfed in the web.
talked about her life as being very nice because grew up in a house that turned into a home.
i have felt this way multiple times.
mr. kailash is my next-door neighbor.
my parents stand me in my house as they use the computer.
we will ask each other on this website.
games teach us the way to face failure which we come across atadversary corner.
any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
i label magazines as a light read and very good at passing free time.
do you like computers?
for movies they tell you things like ', ' and other things like that.
third reason that it give people the ability to learn.
i hope you see it my way now.
video also show a way do express what you feel and sat it in comedy, horror, or sad videos.
i like magazines.
holidays provide a great chance to students.
she soon realizes that she is home, for things have come familiar to her, such as the v formation of the geese.
my brother, , was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge.
people can not just take books off the shelves because they have some bad language.
observing others when in offensive situations help find a solution to these problems.
the cyclist took his advice, he thought that he would be there really soon so he start to drink his water really fast.
after i wake up, i wish my parents.
by using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money.
many authors now use offensive methods and terms to persuade their audiences.
the only way we were able to communicate with our family and friends was by computer.
besides there are more important issues at the moment.
suddenly he noticed a passenger smoking.
he needs to get up and move around.
the next day we went on a city tour.
through reading the magazines and watching movies it could help you.
this is one of the main thin people do when they us a computer to research.
i love it when people are not afraid to be themselves.
the last paragraph helps the reader realize how much the plant means to the girl, its significance.
family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it.
you are probably using a computer to type the documents.
even though she failed the test she is still going to try again.
computers could be people far away friends but how about instead call that friend on.
they thought it was bad for kids to listen to.
there is a reason why things are , , and .
computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer.
i believe that if our kids cannot get to the section with offensive books then we will not have to worry about them seeing the offensive materials.
some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
the libraries need to keep these sections in their libraries for all different kinds of readers.
in the essay do not exceed posted speed limit, the features of the setting affects the cyclist in many ways.
simply do this for those materials that should only be read by adults and not for children or teens.
this show how hot the desert was, and how he could drop dead.
it even gave websites on the back of the book.
in conclusion, libraries should be extra careful in their media choices.
i believe that certain materials that seem offensive to certain people should stay on the shelves.
now people have color televisions.
this is when they type and this is similar to a telephone conversation, but free of charge.
if they are conflicted by a movie, they should just watch it and test it to see if they really need to have it pulled off the shelf.
the nature and wildlife is much more important.
also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones.
second of all why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers helps you learn more about different parts of the world.
authors have just as many rights as we do.
i think that the people who think these kinds of things are offensive should just stay away from these things and stop complaining.
even though he had confidence the features of the setting affected the cyclist.
the sections in a library range from mystery to romance, so find a different book and leave the offensive ones to people who like to read them.
through reading, i have taken the position that the government does not have the right to impose censorship on the whole population.
show them respect and play something everyone can have fun with.
dear local newspaper, you know, people are starting to buy and own computers.
we want to stare at a screen and play games or chat with friends.
if offensive books are taken down where else will they go, they are still going to be offensive somewhere else.
but, then are people who disagree with them.
there were people of all ages outside the ticket window.
lastly, they have more success.
the censorship on books can also be completely outrageous too.
you can just type instead of writing whole out.
children spend most of their time on games than studying.
some take offense to that.
i believe that computers make our lives easier and that the advances in technology have a positive effect on people.
if all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done.
typing fast and correctly takes practice.
i have a best friend who lost is father to these sexual acts and pictures.
censorship in libraries is a subject with an unclear answer.
this proves that the reader was constantly drinking because of the time of day and year he was out.
hockey is played on grassy fields.
i think computers help a lot in life.
this is how the setting changed.
computers have dramatically changed lives forever.
computers are a helpful interesting & even fun peace of technology.
it gave her a chance to connect with a part from her old home, in her new home.
soon she will adjust fully to her new home, it just takes time.
that person then could end up using the information for the worst.
its just a dam book let us read them.
i would suggest that you should keep your mind on more important things than a computer.
its up too the parents to assist their .
she describes peaceful things in nature, like the geese and hibiscus, that she draws strength from because they remind her to her homeland.
this person is very grateful for all of the things he parents did.
people need to enjoy nature and spend time with family and friends.
he was already very fatigued but had to overcome hills.
these are the authors mood in the memoir.
but, some of these have terrible language and scenes not appropriate for children.
read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen.
i began breaking the ride down into distances i could see on the horizon telling myself that if i could make it that far , id be fine.
journey still i face.
he was exhausted.
to me that is a pretty cool invention.
they make lot of delicious food on ramzan day.
have you looked outside lately?
the most important function of the computer is education.
think about how life would be in the without computers.
take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside.
the mood that the author creates in the memoir is gratefulness.
the internet provides them with directions for them on how to reach their destination in a quick and efficient manner.
the games keep me company.
you can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better.
everyone in the school loves and respects him.
the cyclist in the essay, do not exceed posted speed limit is about a great adventure gone bad.
he can say anything to anybody.
after the wedding ceremony, the food was served.
people should be reading good books and reading good magazines and listen to some good music.
whether the music, movies, magazines, etc are offensive to others this has no effects to you.
censorship takes away all of those wonderful qualities from people.
for example, a small girl was playing a game on the computer and a person began talking to her, it could be a predator.
so that is my view on the situation, people should enjoy whatever material they like.
there were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of .
it can come from the parents, their friends, teachers anybody.
well if you have a computer around, there are endless things to keep you busy.
once the automatic doors to the library opened she darted straight to the movie section.
if people spend hours on the computer it will result in bad eye sight.
the path of the planets is known as an orbit.
the features of the setting affects the cyclist because the worst the features get the more he wants water.
this is because i do not think children know as much as we do, so it will give them wrong ideas they have taken the wrong way.
the biker is being affected in many ways, both mentally and physically.
the light it gives is not it’s own.
to them, family was your community and friends.
two, spend less time exercising.
they girls end up being underweight, sick, and maybe do drugs.
trying to act better than every cause your to high class to read something like that.
i urge people to dump and .
those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends.
before computers became popular, people had to work and look for .
on the world wide web you can meet some new people who not live in your state, or country.
all of these aspects are important to have before deciding to go on a cycling journey.
the second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get away from it.
also, before this she says that things that were once strange to her now seemed familiar, like the geese.
i have observed that children listening to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up turning out to be an unsuccessful individual.
books always have reviews, so people can tell if those are too or not.
once they lose hope they wont try as hard to keep going and they will lose some of their strength.
then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there.
i am sure this boy doesn’t like to get hit by things thrown
the power of man resides in his mind.
the warmth of the desert had an affect on the cyclist and caused him to be fatigue.
they can do anything.
this was why the setting was affecting the cyclist.
he has a farm.
the programs teach you how to type, it is called type to learn or type for fun.
we should also monitor the movies the watch and keep a close eye on the things they read
their are so many great things out there that could be put at risk.
many people do not like a policeman because he is rough.
he talks about how he came around to learned the definition of family and how he learned to love.
well, you you could simple a computer helps people different things.
the policeman is an important public servant.
i will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home.
their is nothing funny about it.
if a library that i visit has censoring on most of their materials, i would convince the library staff to take the censoring off.
he had received a big cut on the forehead.
so leave the options open to the children and let them learn from the stories they choose.
also have the ability to help people so things that an than a pig sty.
in the story the author described many features from the setting which all greatly effected the cyclist.
though these are all valid opinions, they are not enough to automatically think that it is okay to throw it off the shelves.
a parent supposed to help their child grow and learn right from wrong.
the computer age is here and it is exactly.
i think that we have a freedom to read about, listen, or watch whatever we would like, and removing these things takes away our freedom.
these books that we leave behind influence the future of our society.
even if someone gets their hands on one of these works, safeguards could be used at the front desk to keep them from borrowing the material.
the hibiscus inspires her to push forward and try again for license as the plant pushed forward through winter.
the movie and song rating system is a form of censorship i believe to be needed.
sports teach is to accept both defeat and victory in the same spirit.
we should be able to read what ever we want.
in computers are wonderful things.
that is one reason i think the books should stay on the shelves.
authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public.
clearly, computers are more helpful to people than they are harmful.
it shows how happy he is that he can live in , and lead his own life.
now movies with bad covers and bad titles could be pulled off the shelves such as all the ' ' movies.
are countless books in the world which will offend someone in one way or another.
with very little water it is hard to stay hydrated.
they cannot.
every year more electronics are made and most likely are portable such as , phones, , and etc.
next, okay to take a movie and watch it or even ask for some music to lesson to.
we know so much more about other places now than we did before computers.
the books that are found offensive should be removed because people get very upset if they find out that the book is talking bad about them.
furthermore, be typing and reading at the same time, we have trained or eyes to do many things similar to playing the piano.
without them it would take double to triple the amount of time to do something without them.
everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there.
also this will stop you from interacting with new friend, and your old ones will find new ones.
no i do not.
these locators allowed you to write down your name disaster should over happen.
but we have to computer become we have to because we need.
that has yet to become the problem.
you can see the foreshadowing.
people learn through playing new things and why not play with your favorite characters.
children are reading these books and thinking it is okay to act like their favorite character or acting like their favorite movie star in a movie.
music can be the same way.
ever i get the chance i my best buddies instead of using the computer.
his mother also often eats dinner alone.
so why do some libraries insist on removing some of those valuable materials from their shelves?
if you take a break go on you relax simple games put out a variety of websites.
every other child in the world has done something similar.
post offices are very useful to the citizens.
that effected me because when i heard it i went around people who were positive in my life saying it to them.
if you continue to type your hand eye coordination will improve.
dear local newspaper, you think computer have good or bad effects on people?
the second choice should be a loss of internet services.
our society needs .
you can even play games on the computer.
the computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities.
as he moved away from his beginning point, the cyclist was drinking lots of water.
should there be censorship in libraries?
he then goes to the computer lab and finds it on like that!
they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school.
many of the parents do not want there kids to be seeing bad pictures or to check out bad movies or books.
i wanted to go near them.
banks, , teachers, , even cashiers.
my favorite sport is basketball.
a bike tire take more effort to go over uneven pavement is why the cyclist had so much trouble.
some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be.
computers contribute to people who want to learn.
he talks about how everyone was an immigrant and faced segregation, but were always willing to lend a helping hand.
having things to remind her of home and the house that she lives at now can help her a lot in being confident in herself.
he thought about his surviving, and immediately found a shop to and he could drink.
for example, teens can learn the new dance.
the computer is a wonderful thing!
the effects on the computer puts on us can vary.
to have his parents teachings be the basis of his life, he must have had a deep connection with them.
many people go on the internet and are so fascinated that, that is how they spend their free time.
even if you were absent most papers i questions are on the internet so you could make end to the homework.
not only does a computer teach me about current events, it also helps me in my daily life.
dear , computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people.
although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the ones who will soon lead the world.
it holds tons of great information.
you would know what its like to be in war.
we should never fight with our friends; instead we should be polite, helpful and friendly towards everyone.
he saves many lives.
the parents on the other hand, might not have wanted their child to know about the topic at such a young age.
this affected his mood because he had hope again.
does this one person have the right to say that a book should be removed?
thanks to computers, i received an a on my report.
if only the librarian had access to this material a child could not simply walk in and borrow what he, or she deems fit.
also, children do a lot of school work on the computer.
dear newspaper, people are spending way too much time on the computer and it is not right.
people can use computers for almost everything for one their are hundred of websites on the computer.
were all on the same planet and we all reach the age of realization of reality.
it is useful to interact with people of other nationalities.
the can not replace the real outdoors.
because it shortens activity time.
censorship or not?
does this mean that every library should close its doors?
even today some people in some parts of the world worship the sun as a god.
some computers are really slow but not all of the new ones for , computers can also help you read better it has little .
internet goes beyond teenagers on and .
also you are still interacting with your family and friends, just not verbally (only typing).
the created by the author in this story is a couple different types of moods.
it was a simple house they started, turned to a warmth home.
the cyclist in the essay goes through phases that effect him differently according to the setting.
the first thing that needs to be contemplated is if something is offensive or not.
lastly, those that think that these things are offensive are entitled to there opinion.
those people do not have to read books that they find offensive.
but that it is why these books are created for older people to read.
finally every library should have their own control over what they think is best for their own facility.
there will be games online.
in conclusion, in opinion it benefit society.
next, you get no exercises.
but, if you went online and searched , you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more.
the place was crowded.
some companies are only selling items on their websites and shipping them to the buyers.
i went in her room and turned off and questioned her where she got the from.
however if you do, supervise them while they are there.
is a place where much business happens for the .
the world is maturing, even as everyone speaks, and people are learning all the time.
all books serve a purpose and should remain staunch on the shelves of local book stores, regardless of the methods used in them.
lastly, they save us money.
could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly tear down even the most successful of nations.
if a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there.
dear , have many debated on whether computers are good or bad.
the cyclist comes to the first town but only finds yet again no water, and a picture of something that makes him more thirsty.
this shows a happy because they are welcoming people into there family.
there are many verses and songs written about their beauty an innocence.
they re informational.
the author was also very grateful to his parents.
people having the right to take any book off the shelf would be unfair for the people.
this is what the final paragraph explains to the reader.
another point to get across is the library is also censored a little bit too.
how would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public.
but what if you were always on the computer and never made time to hang out with your friends or family.
then put up posters at the school i go to,to see if anyone else would be willing to help me.
computers have a negative effect on people.
they allow people to talk to friends and family by email, , and by webcam.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive affect on society.
for example computers are good for motor skills and what about school work computers help a lot when you forget your homework log at school and lastly sociability!
and what they want to do is of the time schoolwork.
computers make the world a little smaller and helps us learn about each other.
i also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say.
there are always going to be those people who disagree with things.
so a computer is a good invention.
if certain books are taken off the shelves of a library than books that are famous now have never have been read.
the cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers.
lets say you have a history report the tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you know nothing about the report.
no because all people like to read different books.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
we visit friends and relatives and exchange gifts with each other.
what might be offenses to you, be enjoyable to someone else.
we all like different things.
since people are on the computer so much they miss out an parties and social events.
however, book plays a major role in the cannon.
which this means slow down or you will have an accident.
next time, he better make sure to keep extra water and stick to the map for directions.
if someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
in addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more.
by keeping the harsh language, i feel as if people realize how much harder times were.
he also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up.
but those books about war are probably books about history.
as you can see, i agree that computers are a bad idea.
if libraries still want to keep certain books in stock, they should start an age limit on those books.
one of those countless hardships was the setting that he was in.
people should not take this censorship ability out of hand.
also, i think that anything citizens find offending should be hidden in some sort of area in a store or library.
you can also have fun online if your bored at home and have nothing to do.
other poets of nature who have impressed me most are keats, robinson.
his parents gave up their jobs and had to start their lives over entirely.
really, is this what our lives should be focused on?
computers are fun for many different reasons.
the narrator also said, she found that she was still too shaky to say the words at home, lest she burst into tears again (ho ).
the narrator has gone through recently many but in the seasons.
the reason why i think this are: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate, and provide us with entertainment.
within moments of the accidents, it was already circling the internet.
i shall never let myself fall ill again.
i believe that items in a library should not be censored based on constitutional , the creation of gray areas, and the depletion of classic literature.
sometimes they get more than the persons who earn their living by doing hard work for long hours.
children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays.
suddenly, i heard a noise in the street.
the cyclist got to the second town on his journey and he had been drinking his water all day and was about out.
computers can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
you can discuss things like weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days.
the reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online.
dear , i am on the side of computers.
through those phases kids learn from various sources including negative ones.
think computers have a effect on people.
my advice, computers are terrible.
after an hour or so, i woke up and went to my parents’ room.
censorship in libraries is something that needs to go away for good.
computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves.
my first reason is about searching new places and meeting new people.
i was caught.
the plant becomes a comporting item that reminds her of her homeland.
my uncle took me to the station to board an electric train.
censorship can mold people, not for the better.
some people are working all day, leaving early in the morning and getting back late, so that they rarely spend time with those they love.
music on the other hand, is offensive to many people.
when having a computer its very helpful in life and can help you in a lot of areas.
for example, the sun was beginning to heat down (pg ).
for a good reason such as communicating with far away relatives.
why should libraries have one?
it also gives you the ability to keep in touch with friends and family, and are necessary for many jobs.
reading is one of the major sources of inspiration for students to grow and prosper.
but, unfortunately, even that time she had got a fever and was unable to even cook.
this not seem like much but, on the battle field, it can make the difference between life on death.
i strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public.
between and more people have been using their computers more often.
i think we need stuff like that on earth to show and to teach us the way to be.
should censorship be allowed in libraries?
but there is a good side as well.
he started by telling the scenery he lived in during a time of segregation.
it could even locate a wounded soldier.
his family was (seemed) very giving to their community.
reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before.
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”
i think that computers are great.
the way he describes his experience in the kitchen cooking and listening to music gives the reader a warm feeling.
the next day i might learn something in school that i want to search deeper into.
computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life.
sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways.
these items be offensive to some people, and they be too inappropriate for children.
also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break.
so to boost her confidence she decides to plant it.
whether the lack of water, the hills, the tumble weeds all are things that affect the cyclist.
however, to even be eligible for the third card, you have to be eighteen or older.
if parents can change they way they raise there children i think the world would be a better place.
by doing this, a parent knows what their child is reading, hearing, or seeing.
why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in.
also a computer can help unemployed people find a job.
until she start losing her her job.
i know you might think that computers can make families get further apart but they actually bring them closer together.
usually brings a picture to my mind of a very dry, hot place.
if i knew a book would be offensive to me i would never pick it up.
this quote shows that she misses her own culture & cannot adapt to the one that she lives in now.
he beat his mom and cut her body open, leaving the insides on the outside lawn.
dear , much time do you spend on the computer daily, hour, hours.
and i think the author is trying to point out that everyone should have the strength to do the same.
this is really what computers are made to do, help us.
well it all lead back to money.
the author writes a book how they want it to be read.
censorship is the underlying problem to many things.
with books for there age.
they also might use it for typing a project or making a presentation.
you can search any topic and learn more about it.
this hope at the end of the story helps put the reader at ease when they wonder what might happen next.
there where many different moods that the author created in the memoir.
also , the cyclist had been hitting his water bottles regularly.
they were talking about thinking of a book that no one should take off the shelf.
nature, is being ignored , more than ever.
i often feel this way when jogging for extended periods of time.
if you do not like what is being discussed, do not read or watch it.
so in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games.
heavy metal music, you cannot understand it, but when you research the words you see that life is useless and why are we living?
in my opinion, i believe that computers have a negative effect on people.
my second reason why i think this is because when your having a party and you need invitations the computer can help you.
but she also said that the people who read or watch this type of media have every right to.
thank you for letter, and i will an article relative to this subject.
simple as that.
i believe that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves in a library.
his task is very difficult.
the features of the setting intensely effect the cyclist over period of time.
for example: breaking in homes, killing people, and high sacking cars.
my second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other.
but just because one parent does not want their child to read ' ', does not mean that every child should be denied the opportunity to read it.
if you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, than limit what your child reads and watches.
i believe that the media such as music, magazines, and movies set a high bar for the individuals in our society.
the final reason that the mood of this memoir is thankfulness is that the author is thankful for his hardworking parents.
they were going to take to a party.
we do not deserve offensive books that have bad things in them.
they are useful to every one.
many authors, musicians, and directors have stated that this freedom is important for having an enjoyable and creative life.
the moon is called a satellite as it rotates
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
one way was the heat.
a few months ago i spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours.
there are probably hundreds if not thousands of websites on this subject.
and use the computer only when you need to.
the area in which the cyclist was in, had an enormous effect on him emotionally.
finally, reached another destination and again finding herself asking another older man for directions!
yes, the library is mostly used for books and studying, but there are many other things that libraries contain.
they overburden themselves with work.
third i believe its a good way to just relax.
if they do not like it, they do not have to read it or listen to it.
dear , i am a student and i hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think that its a waist of time.
if the library took that movie off of the shelves, they would lose business due to one person.
there was no one in sight, not a building, car, or a structure of any kind.
they provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school.
the choice for what is appropriate for that each child should be left up to their parents.
people these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be.
all you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people.
computers make our lives easier.
so i believe that we can call find a healthy balance computer use.
communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives.
you would hop on a computer and check it out.
what would it be like?
everyone in the neighborhood is so welcoming, he tells us how his mother always leaves the door open for those who welcome her in.
computers have changed the way we research and finish school works.
and let me tell you, there is no restarting after that.
she felt alone and that she would die.
library check their inventory and notice a book be missing but guess what, by that time its already to late.
and is most certainly not fair to the reader who is reading the book.
this all happened because she was addicted to a website.
you do not own the libraries books and you do not have any say on what is displayed in any store.
or other stuff but computers have more good stuff about them they bad things so that?
also its a desert like setting, adding to his thirst.
another thing, that is somewhat related to this.
he ran into a snake which told him that i am getting deeper into the desert.
music and movies are a different story.
they love and protect their young ones.
dear editor, i have read your past article about how computers can take too much time out of some ones life!
people on computers waste a huge amount of their timer.
you can learn many things online, you can practice math, reading, and even writing.
being outside and enjoying yourself is a big thing for your body to survive.
although the cyclist remained determined to find water, he had begun to lose hope when he suddenly came across a bait store.
until he got courage and slowly gaining elevation while losing hope.
a number of children in the are unable to read at their appropriate grade level.
lastly, the feeling of hoped could have effected him the most.
if a child has a project for school, they either use the computers or asks their parents.
letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong
but she knows that after this she can go back and try again just like the geese do often our winter.
you like music, movies, and more?
he was offended by it cause his grandfather was a slave.
websites can contain information that working people need.
there should not be any banning of books.
so i think we should take them books off the shelf, if people want to read them they can go buy themselves a copy.
he goes from one street to another to sell his wares.
then the cultural program started.
a library is a public place for anybody to go check out anything they want.
one’s profession cannot be considered as his/her leisure time activity.
this in turn makes the world illiterate.
listen to what ever music, read what ever books or magazines that you want.
is happy in that memoir because only revisits memories that was fond of.
for example when you leave the library the people that work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library.
this is one reason the computer is a good source.
well when you choose a book you can choose the most recent one or the one back from the old days.
lastly, censorship is a communist trend.
can you see now why i believe that having computers around is good.
because of overpopulation, there are unemployment, poverty and food problems.
this principal presents the idea that people can overcome hard times in their life no matter what circumstances they are presented with.
is something that our children should not be exposed to at such a young age.
lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school?
computers can be great things.
a lot can be learned from books and without books there can not and will not be knowledge that is spread for future generations to come.
i personally prefer to type than write but that is just me.
many movies and books that contain offensive language and graphic content are very good and educational videos.
i think this because if you put into context the word test, it could mean many things.
dear local newspaper, back a couple decades ago, before computers existed.
they have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games.
yes, the electric bill could be higher, but for a good cause.
the author does a good job showing the readers how the setting affects the cyclist.
there is a great rush in the school library.
the plant and the geese represent symbols to her.
for so many reasons i have said, and the ones i have not said, they help people learn.
the libraries have bigger issues to worry about then your personal taste of music.
one of them is books i hate them with all of my heart.
the best way is to play lots of education video games.
also how she is changing her mind about the plant and the fact that even though its not the same, it can still have meaning.
censorship in libraries should not be mandated.
engineers use programs on the computers to help design what they are going to build.
with freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want.
the geese in this paragraph represent the keeping of time.
almost every library uses this system so they do not have to use a censor.
finally, computers also create many distractions to students.
they can been used to look up information, talk to family and friends music etc.
i think they should make better songs for kids.
she bought a plant that reminds her of home.
for these reasons is why computers do not benefit society.
children are taking time out of their homework to go on the computer, citizens are gaining weight, and children are being kidnapped.
these books have in them people having sex and smoking drugs and their language in theses books are horrifying!
he is also thank full for his culture.
first of all, computers are a great source of communication because if you have a long distance relative that lives in then you can talk to them online.
i was working on a long history paper and essay, which meant countless hours on the computer typing.
the effect of the story strikes our thoughts so forcefully but nowhere the characters overplay their emotions.
second, you can make online job applications.
the place where people buy and sell various things is called
during projects a kid want know everything so a good way to get information is to goes on the computer and search what your looking .
these books are written to target emotions in the reader that spark excitement and humor, horror and empathy among many others.
children see a lot of things that they are interested in and can find it all different types of ways.
while playing one hasto obey the captain.
libraries have families and young children going to them that do not need to see, hear, and read certain things.
remove a book from a shelf is like decrease from knowledge that could have been known.
therefore there is plenty of variety in these libraries.
and so your friends notice wonder.
they came to for him to have a better life.
there are over students at .
if other people would like the book then the library will not take the book off of the shelves.
this will always happen and theirs nothing we can do about it.
at times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits.
there are many movies, songs and books in the world that are good.
in all, i believe that everybody should have the ability acquire whatever material they want from a library.
she looks her new country with a different eyes.
i felt awful for .
you can purchase plane tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts doing the web.
if you find something offensive, just leave alone.
just as the geese go south and as the seasons change.
that shows she calm down already, she feels better with her new country.
the variety of subjects in a library such as songs, magazines and everything else in the library is huge.
then, when done, you can print it, or even send it straight to your teacher.
this will make sure we will know what we are about to see and read
burglaries, robberies, and internet access can lead to chaos.
rainbow is not a real thing but an illusion.
as continues through the passage it says that his family is all ways open to take care of people that they love and need help.
for thought, maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections, each with their own subject matter.
dear people that read the news paper and that have that like to play the computer all day more.
also they will be able to read about what different cultures they have and religions.
thank you for your time, and i hope you take what i have said into consideration.
however, computers help in more than just writing papers.
you have the freedom to pick out the book.
i know i did!
i know that a lot of people are against these positive opinions but i think computers have a positive effect on people.
the libraries and the community have choices to not have a offensive book on the self.
lastly, it can have you have a higher position at your job.
while there, you see some advertising for a new book.
i know this from experience.
he would be able to see it, grab it, and himself up quicker than before.
the mood created by the author in the memoir was in a very thankful mood.
i do agree that some people who spend all day in front of their computers are spending less time exercising!
when the cyclist arrived at the first town, he described it as a ghost town.
there are electronics out for children that they can plug up to there computer and learn different stuff.
the ideas conveyed by literature, music, and movies are an art.
some read just for the enjoyment and others read because it is assigned to them or they need to research some things.
after seeing the sign, a snake crosses his path.
first of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people.
street beggars are seen everywhere in our country.
all i know is, there too many to count adult websites that children from the ages of log on to everyday.
sometimes it be better to go outside and play but computers do help you learn and communicate with others which are just as important.
last example is if your teacher says find the book about the and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one by tomorrow.
so why fight when the world was meant to be at peace?
dear local newspaper, i has come to my attention that many of us disagree on weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
as the setting changes, the authors attitude changes as well.
in addition, i happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks.
whether it be a book, movie, or a song, someone somewhere will be unhappy with it for some reason.
have you ever heard of or ?
all kind of books should be in the library no matter what in my opinion.
the mood created by the author in the memoir can be described in many ways.
another way computers benefit society is by letting people chat with people all over the over world.
the materials in libraries are there to give everyone a chance to find something that interests them.
not saying that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way limit it.
another reason to censor magazines would be because of some religious views on what people see when they look at the magazine.
if you also how the economy is doing, you can look up tax rates and how find out how much our country is in debt.
all of these things can give wrong ideas to our children and teenagers.
the ones that teach us about life and society.
spring will come, as nothing can stop time.
so unless you want all those things happening to you, i suggest you spend less those on the computer!
due to this reason places like libraries should have as much information as possible out on there shelves.
every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get.
the population of india has increased at an alarming rate after independence.
he looks foolish clown but actually he is a skilled artist.
so you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones.
another example is when he comes upon the building he thinks it is a mirage at first because hes pretty much dehydrated.
schools also are teaching us about the computer as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more.
to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people in the world.
some parents take offense to a show on the television because they don' believe that is right for their kid to be watching.
but he is not the only person with this issue.
it takes material away from people that can be useful.
at the end of class gets graded and the grade on turns out to be a .
most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons.
if your children what to read and listen to these things then you cant let it influence them.
store things on them, and use them for entertainment.
music also helps you look into your creativity which means you want to do more things such as dance, sing, or some even start to paint.
for example, the libraries have information on the history.
by reading books we can develop an positive mind.
not in libraries.
every book has a different experience that can help a child learn.
she is also implying that she is going to change her attitude about living in .
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message.
they also put the news on there website.
many people have issues with their race or nationality being messed with.
this will drastically change how we learn about news.
just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer.
computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy.
some beggars act as spies.
for this cyclist one of the biggest problems is the heat.
people get on these computers and make blue print designs to make cars.
start up your computer and get talking.
you sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is.
new computers now have webcams.
having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends.
just think about it!
it broke everything down into details!
every book that has ever been written has effect someone, either in a good way or a bad way.
instead, moved from one area to a different area.
a freedom of thought and a freedom of press, present within our nation and increasing in presence around the , precludes the idea of this censorship.
if there were no computers, then this is what would happen to children.
computers are an amazing, and new technology.
they say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses.
from reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us.
nature is at her best in the morning.
believe it or not, there are ways to have fun and get a good message across at the same time!
to each, its own.
i ask people would be able to interact with their family and friends from different towns.
my first reason is computer teach you hand eye coordination.
animals in the setting can also be effective.
so people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books and read informing magazines ad listen to good music
no child should be reading a book that has an intended audience of purely adults.
for example, some websites are bad websites that say mean things about other people.
seeing those things, i felt as if i had landed in a different world altogether.
people who stay to close to there technology will be addicted to it and they will start to kill brain cells.
in addition to that, this music offends many adults as well.
now a great change has taken place.
i feel the story is essentially about over coming things.
a library where works of literature such as , to a , and are not on the shelves awaiting students to dive into their pages.
the tall trees silhouetted against the sky made a beautiful seens.
that has been taken out of your local library.
you can also use webcam where you can actually see the person talking to you and they own see you.
so if you ever consider getting a computer the answer is yes because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility.
produces only bookworms.
people need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them.
the reader should be prompted on what books they read before doing so.
this is something that needs to stop because it imports peoples health, safety and education.
dear (our local newspaper), has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers.
we bought tickets and entered the exhibition grounds.
computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage to sit around instead of doing standard minutes a day of exercise.
in conclusion, computer can help you save money and help you learn.
i also find it interesting when people are very dramatic when trying to get there point across.
finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews.
dear , computers have a very positive effect on people.
their loyalty to the party is greater than sense of fair play.
i have been to a library and nothing at all was offensive to me or anyone else.
i think that we should not take them out if they are offensive.
the world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them.
also, give reasons on why i feel this way about the statement.
she became and cleaner.
society is a whole lot different then when parents were kids.
these types of snakes are found in african forests.
that quote shows how proud is of his parents because they gave up their families, friends, and careers so that could have a better life in .
the sun was beginning to heat down, not i barely noticed it.
also computers are able to be used in business meetings when a business has to talk with another from different locations.
authors put language, sexual content, and violence in books, movies, and magazines to entertain certain crowds.
she had been very discouraged by this, and she was trying to remind herself of being at home.
first, it gives and teaches you social skills.
they live a very difficult life.
but when he did get to the town that was abandon to.
so i hope i have persuaded you to follow my advice and pull them over movies and books off the shelves for the safety of the children
its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities.
another reason is that people will not do school work if their to concentrated on the computer.
no one can stop them.
we as humans have the birth given right of making our own decisions.
computers are beneficial to society because it is a way to connect with the world, a way to increase responsibility, and helpful for education.
it sells delicious cakes and cookies.
censorship, a very sensitive topic.
the same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away.
censorship is affecting society, ensuring that our freedoms are to be taken away.
it is the final closure and will most likely be remembered by the reader.
in the memoir the author creates a happy mood.
all of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it.
also, possibly you are having trouble with math homework and you are home alone, what do you do then?
the cyclist is drinking water more now, and is becoming tired.
you can look up anything you would like to learn about and find exactly what you want.
again shows the love towards his friends in the beginning of paragraph .
the computer also effects you heath because your in a room inside not getting any air.
would you really want to take that from the people?
my parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them.
without this basic necessity people cannot be happy.
there are not any kind of books that could be deemed offensive in any way to people these days.
you either go break out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is .
censorship only causes curiosity.
these changes in terrain played into the fact that the weather did not cooperate.
their business would fall.
this benefits people in a positive way.
adults and kids spend to much time on online pages.
third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family.
i think has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers.
libraries should be able to choose the books and information that they have in their building.
now many people want to try to get around the government protecting our rights.
dear , the computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde haired girl filled the screen.
number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info.
people should not take it seriously about books or other source because it can be nonfiction are fiction.
however, i believe that from this quote even she agrees we in fear what our children read.
even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet.
the things they cannot read are censored.
people are and less about the environment does to computer.
machines are a very bad influence on people.
computers, more and more people are using them.
censorship in libraries is kind of a big deal in schools.
the mood created by the author in the memoir is a happy and loving mood.
with computers also were more likely to be overweight and choose chips over an apple in a study performed at .
computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them.
then , as easily as rounding a bend, my troubles, thirst, and fear were all behind me.
just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework.
you need to use your time wisely.
when this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer.
i believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions.
in conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways.
while regular mail takes day to a week to get to another person.
on weekends, he takes us out for picnic and movies.
interacting with friends and family is important for everyone.
yet we still want to read, listen, watch, and look at them.
the computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country.
these thoughts, opinions, and facts be offensive to a select few in our .
the mood the author sets is very loving.
in the paragraph it mentions all the sacrifice that his parents took to get their family to .
if you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer.
i have seen offensive material get into the wrong hands such as kids.
magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them
the cyclist goes through many natural settings that affect him.
my second reason why people should use stay to computers us .
the hibiscus has to survive the winter until spring were it can bloom and became big and beautiful.
what if it messes up their childhood?
so riding through this man seems lost, he is trying to follow their advice, but comes across many unknown, unwanted areas.
more than of people who move away from their family and friends reconnect with them through computers.
i think their are some books that should stay out of the library though.
using computers is good for the body as well as the mind.
these three themes set the mood of this memoir.
they could put in it in the back and whoever wants it and go ask for it.
computers can most certainly improve our society.
obviously, no one wants their children being exposed to inappropriate reading material or movies.
the setting of the area where the cyclist was biking effects him because it makes him weaker.
it is used for plowing the field and drawing water.
also, most teachers expect an essay to be neat possible.
if we start controlling each others thoughts, feelings, and artist ability where will that get our culture that is rapidly expanding?
my father takes us to the amusement park whenever he gets time off from his work.
the extra information in the parentheses also provide a grateful tone to the piece of writing.
it is someones opinion if they do not like what the book is about and if it offends them.
on the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing.
these books were penned to educate our civilization.
panic cant help to solve anything.
for one, there are many sites out there that portray false information.
the mood of the memoir was happy up lifting when he talked about how his parents helped others and they always had people in their house.
some people believe that reading something can be an influence to the way they act, but you cannot blame that on reading.
also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places.
a computer has made the life of a school student so much easier.
so keep the books on the shelves even if children should not read them.
without books there would be no real sort of entertainment.
fact is one hour of exercise is good for your health.
so many people are addicted to it.
dear newspaper: i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
and also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are.
and for this, i will never forget that house or its gracious neighborhood or the many things i learned there about how to love.
books, videos, art, does not harm people.
if people are offended by a certain genre they do not have to come in contact with it.
computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful.
computers on your desk starring at you and you sampled to go on.
one more thing to take into consideration, is the authors money.
dear newspaper company, more and more people use computers each day.
a book that have been banned in the could not have been read by my mother or father.
i feel there should be absolutely no censorship in libraries.
they going to hear it anyways so why try to stop it when there going to end up hearing it.
according to , out of students choose what college to go to first by checking its website.
we need to protect our freedoms, but also protect our children.
they change the medical field too.
computers are really helpful.
computers have caused people to forget ow to use manners and communicate in the real world.
the of was created to insure that the government could not attempt to control what they had no right to control.
the music should only be something children are suppose too listen too things that are in their age group.
not to mention, typing a paper is a lot neater.
whenever he sees a stray dog, a cat or a bird, he
everyone has the right to read and write what they want.
the younger children of our time right now need to be influenced the proper way.
they think that they should get some books that are not found offensive.
she took those books, the ones people were complaining about, and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk.
they never showed sadness and they loved and cared for her.
which effects him because hes beginning to loose hope and thinks hes not going to make it.
he grew worried when he saw that no near town was still in sight.
take music for example.
have you ever thought about all the amazing things that computers have done for us?
another time that i would say to use your computer is when doing some work, projects or homework.
i believe this is a great thing!
geese like the warm and not the cold so they are flying south for the winter.
or have you ever wondered or said to your self any of these statements?
when a book is banned, a piece of history is removed from others' sight.
they say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much!
get new friends from anywhere in the world!
in the memoir he has a very happy tone because is his proud and thankful.
if things were organized into sections that stated how offensive the material was then it is likely that almost everything would be in the offensive section.
these conditions made it hard on the biker because he knew if he dropped from dehydration, no one would be around to save him.
this really cannot be helped.
censorship covers an entire multi media spectrum of what is bad and good censorship.
a century ago talking to people instantly seemed just about impossible.
but it does not deter any one.
you get your information from books, and encyclopedias but it is rare that you always have time, to get to a local library.
should be aloud to stay on the shelves of stores and libraries.
also if a student is looking for a job in their local area they look on the internet for jobs needing employees.
she also misses her family and how they look and dress.
the author wrote the book the way he or she wanted it to be written, not the way you would like to see it.
camels are ruminants but camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing.
there are many kinds of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library.
taking it off the shelves would be taking off those ideas as well.
who reads this?
so, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life.
they must be able to work well with their hands to fix it.
in they could go to world or the to learn all about & how it is in a .
he also gifted me a new bicycle.
they should stop the computer games.
the most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life.
today libraries are not focused on the materials that they have on their shelves.
authors and directors spend months, even years making movies and writing books just to entertain us and feel accomplished.
many people have different ideas on what they feel is offensive.
parents should be more concerned about what their kids are learning everyday.
in my conclusion, censorship is not good in our public libraries because it taking basic things out of the libraries and taking half of the reading from people.
if children are by themselves with no adult supervision and wander into an adult reading section they could look at something bad.
all major corporations use computers to invest, sell products, and store information.
a person who not have children might say, ' one little joke can hurt.'
the computer is great if you have to do research.
i love taking hikes with my family up a .
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, on the other hand, instant messaging takes only a few seconds!
i do not know of any student that would want to read the and give a speech about it in class.
he discovered the law of gravitation.
if a healthy person is found begging, he should be punished by the law.
next, the heat affected the cyclist.
the main character is faced with a problem of man versus nature and the heat is winning.
if you think books should be censored, then think about this.
events seemed pretty bad, until the speaker became elated when they saw a factory.
however, there is no better website with all your friends on it.
most students find reading to be boring.
the majority of movies and books have relevant information, portray events that could take, or have taken, place, and teach valuable lessons.
between winter and summer seasons, there is a short period called ‘spring’.
the author describes the setting of the first town as, the traditional definition of a ghost town.
if censorship were to be equal for everyone, there would be nothing left in the world to be censored.
this makes it easy for strangers to.
because of that, that does not mean she marched down to the library and demand that they get rid of all the books written by that author.
you fine out how old is or how tall is .
the most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information.
i believe that computers effect most people negatively.
dear newspaper, the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature.
this sentence lets readers know that times are hard now, but in time things will get better.
there are people who enjoy reading about fiction or tacky things in life.
