thus every principle of simplicity urges us to adopt the natural view, that there really are objects other than ourselves and our sense-data which have an existence not dependent upon our perceiving them.
so far, miss (as you have remarked), this is the story of your regretted father.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
that i truly devoted myself to it with my strongest earnestness, and bestowed upon it every energy of my soul, i have already said.
i know the sight on you would cheer em up a bit.
and this was even more of a credit because in those early days skilled workmen were comparatively few on these shores and the machine shops had not reached a stage of efficiency that came a short time later.
the gods must be proud, thought i, with such forked flashes to rout a poor unarmed fisherman.
all the poor and rocky land set apart for a national timber reserve, in which our children play, and our young men hunt, and our poets dwell!
for although mr. trabb had my measure already, and had previously been quite contented with it, he said apologetically that it wouldnt do under existing circumstances, sir,wouldnt do at all.
my desire for knowledge is intermittent, but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant.
nobody but myself, trot, knows what that man is!
* strictly speaking, the limit of this, i.e.
not knowing that i saw them, and setting herself to get the better of them, she said quietly, were you wondering, as you walked along, how it came to be left in this condition?
after being silent for a few moments, he pursued his story.
at last, the aged read himself into a light slumber.
i am not doing office-work, master copperfield, said uriah.
***** i write with so much difficulty, the cold is so severe, i am so fearful of being detected and consigned to an underground cell and total darkness, that i must abridge this narrative.
the doctor was sitting in his easy-chair by the fireside, and his young wife was on a stool at his feet.
the felt passivity of sensation is irrelevant, since, even if it proved anything, it could only prove that sensations are caused by sensible objects.
and looking along them, with reverently shaded eyes, a bridge of light appeared to span the air between him and the sun, while the river sparkled under it.
madame defarge looked at her scornfully, but still with something of miss pross's own perception that they two were at bay.
which it did not, for they continued to cry no!
when that person discloses, it will not be necessary for me to know anything about it.
olympus is but the outside of the earth every where.
his drummer-boys are the most moving in my limited circle of drummer-boys.
none of your plots against me; ill counterplot you!
mind and matter alike are logical constructions; the particulars out of which they are constructed, or from which they are inferred, have various relations, some of which are studied by physics, others by psychology.
at this dreadful hint mrs. micawber threw her arms round mr. micawbers neck and entreated him to be calm.
(for it was not the usual visiting room) and crossed by us on his way out.
there is not a nail to hang a picture on, nor a shelf to receive the bust of a hero or a saint.
partiality operates, of course, both for and against personalities.
you will get me out of your thoughts in a week.
but it has not the same power as a primary desire of bringing thorough satisfaction when it is realized; so long as the primary desire remains unsatisfied, restlessness continues in spite of the secondary desire's success.
but it was not sergeant reilly who saved the situation.
we shall have the sham reformers self-stultified and self-convicted; we shall have the radical democracy left without a lie with which to cover its nakedness!
here we have an effect of matter on mind.
i really thought it was all over with mr. omer, after he had uttered this libellous pleasantry.
as i walked on to the hotel, i felt that a dread, much exceeding the mere apprehension of a painful or disagreeable recognition, made me tremble.
and why we found it appropriate it is harder still to say.
i paused a moment, and looking in, saw him supporting her insensible figure in his arms.
the sort of case i am thinking of is decision after deliberation.
that sausage you toasted was his, and he was in all respects a first-rater.
my dear charles, said mr. lorry, with cheerful confidence, you touch some of the reasons for my going: not for my staying away.
when the time was expired, traddles gave her his arm; and we all went out together to the old house, without saying one word on the way.
thus the sum of the contemporary knowledge or ignorance of good and evil is, in large measure, the handiwork of those who write.
if his literary wares are not what his readers want, he finds on the newsstands unsold piles of his publication, just as a grocer finds on his shelves faded packages of an unpopular breakfast food.
i refer to the degraded poor, not now to the degraded rich.
got out at last, with earth hanging about his face and hair, he would suddenly fan away to dust.
* we think we can know that they are alike or different, but we cannot bring them together in one experience and compare them.
i was going to say a word or two, handel, concerning my father and my fathers son.
let him have his little income, and come and live with me.
the magistrate was staring at him in perplexity.
i asked, more for the sake of saying something than for information.
this experience entitled me to be regarded as a sort of real-estate broker by my friends.
i had already broken out into a desolate cry, and felt an orphan in the wide world.
if the moon looks larger here than in europe, probably the sun looks larger also.
there are two or three small stores, a post office, two liveries and the railroad station half a mile away.
so he must carry on with his eye as it is.
you--are--out early, miss spenlow, said i.
satisfactory pictures can be obtained with almost any camera, but one with a high-grade lens and shutter is the best for all kinds of work.
all this time (still with both hands taking great care of the birds-nest), joe was rolling his eyes round and round the room, and round and round the flowered pattern of my dressing-gown.
as they passed it was easy to detect their ethnological heritage.
before books came into my life, i was given to star-gazing and day-dreaming.
if there be any such, let him not wait longer than to-morrow before establishing knowledge.
from the first they have been practically free from lice and disease.
it is my intention, my dear copperfield, to educate my son for the church; i will not deny that i should be happy, on his account, to attain to eminence.
but the riding gave her more than a body.
the best government has no more title to it than the worst.
like his impudence, said peggotty, but i dont mind that!
i should have no pleasure in dancing with anyone else.
first, there is the distinction between rough approximate laws and such as appear to be precise and general.
i am sure i can never feel thankful enough for the generosity with which he has protected me, so much younger and lower in the school than himself.
tomorrow we shall be one of you again.
the club for me every time, my boy, i say.
any attempt to classify modern views, such as i propose to advocate, from the old standpoint of materialism and idealism, is only misleading.
to the hindu lawyer a debt is not an obligation merely.
i had not been walking long, when i turned a corner, and met her.
we might as well omit to study nature because she is old.
we can observe such things as their movements, their physiological processes, and the sounds they emit.
now, handel, i am quite free from the flavor of sour grapes, upon my soul and honor!
twice in the week, said miss clarissa, but, as a rule, not oftener.
it was much harder work now, but herbert and startop persevered, and rowed and rowed and rowed until the sun went down.
but we could not speak and we stood looking upon them.
if protection against themselves is confessedly due to children and persons under age, is not society equally bound to afford it to persons of mature years who are equally incapable of self-government?
even this can be paralleled among instruments: the behaviour of the barometer has a present stimulus but foretells the future, so that the barometer might be said, in a sense, to know the future.
location the elevator to the last floor but one of note effect of using the factory building.
with this more substantial shelter about me, i had made some progress toward settling in the world.
i come upon her from behind, as i come upon you to-night.
in maintaining this principle, the greatest difficulty to be encountered does not lie in the appreciation of means towards an acknowledged end, but in the indifference of persons in general to the end itself.
then hold your meddlesome tongue, said solomon, and come out, if you want to speak to me.
somehow, when one is caught in the web of that exquisite, considered prose, the awkward symbols of speech seem transparent; we come close to a man's mind.
all the relations that give rise to series are of this kind.
but, he went his way, and was soon swallowed up in the shadow of the prison wall.
it was not merely the man's words, the torrent of his eloquence.
there aint no sort of orse that i aint bred, and no sort of dorg.
i have forgotten that) was suited to us both.
it is the part of courage, when misfortune comes, to bear without repining the ruin of our hopes, to turn away our thoughts from vain regrets.
letter writing writing, it meant teaching the english language, as well as writing and spelling.
yet this might perhaps be regarded as something of an overstatement.
sometimes, again, like lear, he is no longer terrible in arms, his royal guard cut down.
but there was no harm in his way of saying this: it was said laughingly, and to beguile the time.
she said so, last night, when i showed her your letter.
sometimes he would ride down-town with a party of friends to the cheap theaters and the music halls and other haunts with which they were familiar.
the bravery of the stoic, the voluptuous sentimentality of many religious people of modern times, vitally affect the nature of the character which possesses them.
but i deny the right of the people to exercise such coercion, either by themselves or by their government.
he had said that in lithuania when one official had taken his passport from him, and another had arrested him for being without it, and the two had divided a third of his belongings.
there were still the fresh-water mosquitoes, and there was still much work for some one to do.
our belief that the emperor of china exists, for example, rests upon testimony, and testimony consists, in the last analysis, of sense-data seen or heard in reading or being spoken to.
wait a moment, and youll hear clara lift him up to take some.
i resorted humbly whither agnes had commended me; i sought out nature, never sought in vain; and i admitted to my breast the human interest i had lately shrunk from.
the snow meant no chance to him now; he must walk along and see others shoveling, vigorous and active--and he with his left arm bound to his side!
of course we have something in the shape of tea-spoons, because we stir our tea.
let us give a crude illustration, too crude for the authors in question, but capable of affording a rough insight into their meaning.
it is an ocean of subtile intelligences.
the use of more than one basis will depend on whether we can by such use make more easily clear to a reader the nature of the subject and on whether different readers will need different angles of approach.
dead to me, returned my aunt, but living.
the aspects of a thing in different perspectives are to be conceived as spreading outwards from the place where the thing is, and undergoing various changes as they get further away from this place.
can you tell me, this last time, that you feel quite, quite sure, no new affections of mine, and no new duties of mine, will ever interpose between us?
now you see, joseph and wife, said pumblechook, as he took me by the arm above the elbow, i am one of them that always go right through with what theyve begun.
when you have a healthy curve showing any business activity, the logical thing to do, after bringing it right down to date, is to let it run out into the future at its own angle.
i was obliged to hurry away; i was kept out late; and i felt all night such pangs of remorse as made me miserable.
or small movable forts and magazines, at the service of some unscrupulous man in power?
there, against an angle of a wall, he made a struggle to look about him.
they are very numerous and very loud, though, are they not?
you may get cheated, robbed, and murdered in london.
in other words, a chattel mortgage does not transfer general ownership, or absolute property in the chattels, while a sale does.
everybody is more or less restless--one would guess that something is on their minds.
but the teacher who undertakes a camp with the idea that such money is easily made, is mistaken.
ay, the deep walden pond and cool bristers spring,privilege to drink long and healthy draughts at these, all unimproved by these men but to dilute their glass.
it is the shouting and hurrahing of the wind that suits a man.
two or three trials, with cotton waste added to the ground wood, gave them their paper.
interviews on the same topic with two or more persons may be combined in a single article.
the room was a pleasant one, at the top of the house, overlooking the sea, on which the moon was shining brilliantly.
the original text includes greek characters.
poor john field!i trust he does not read this, unless he will improve by it,thinking to live by some derivative old country mode in this primitive new country,to catch perch with shiners.
unless a photograph has illustrative value it fails to accomplish the purpose for which it is intended.
i said, now, dont consider emly nailed down in point of time, at all.
i gave him the best idea i could, in a few words, of mr. micawber.
is there any other type better adapted to the subject and material?
we had not gone far when three cannon were fired ahead of us with a sound that seemed to burst something inside my ear.
by what means are the narrative passages made interesting?
i have a great deal of company in my house; especially in the morning, when nobody calls.
when we ask what constitutes meaning, we are not asking what is the meaning of this or that particular word.
it used a carload of paper every week, and the mail trains would be hours loading up at the depot of the little kansas town.
but the notion of being 'in' the mind is ambiguous.
if he desires to supply information that will add to the reader's stock of knowledge, he will present his facts in a manner calculated to make his readers remember what he has told them.
i never saw anyone enjoy a pudding so much, i think; and he laughed, when it was all gone, as if his enjoyment of it lasted still.
the hall was now filled to the doors; and after the meeting it would be too late for him to go home, so he would have to make the best of it outside.
when the object is present, it may itself be taken as the cause of the word, through association.
some flickering efforts to spare you the premature knowledge of his calamitous position, you may observe in him this day; but hope has sunk beneath the horizon, and the undersigned is crushed.
but the fitting process works both ways.
they hesitate, and they regret, and sometimes they petition; but they do nothing in earnest and with effect.
'a bald man is not bald' would assert and deny baldness of the same man, and would therefore contradict itself.
we cannot know what word we are to give, nor what great deed this earth expects to witness.
who drove out the business men and brokers from the temple with a whip!
and that made our emotional interest in each other the keener and more satisfying.
when we were quite composed, and dora had gone up-stairs to put some rose-water to her eyes, miss mills rang for tea.
i should see it go with something as bitter as despair, but i should not be desperate.
i am glad your experience is so favourable, i returned.
i am very sorry for what i did, and i hope you will forgive me.
god knows youre welcome to it,so far as it was ever mine, returned joe, with a saving remembrance of mrs. joe.
following the stories they are taken through the halls of the museum and are given short talks on some art subject.
jadvyga is small and delicate, with jet-black eyes and hair, the latter twisted into a little knot and tied on the top of her head.
in the summer months there were lawn-tennis, golf, croquet, canoeing, rowing, fishing, riding, and driving.
the at present unutterable things we may find somewhere uttered.
then he put the candle away from him on the table, so that he could see me, and sat with his arms folded on the table and looked at me.
you come down and spend a week looking into my horse delivery, and now you tell me to keep my horses.
for the moment these ideas were put at the service of a growing royal authority and bore fruit in the byzantine theory of sovereignty which became classical in public law.
to show the effect on increased production.
their purpose is to give additional information, to arouse greater interest, and to assist in carrying the reader over, as it were, to the beginning of the article.
you must be hungry, she said, after a minute or two.
here came the entrails, to be scraped and washed clean for sausage casings; men and women worked here in the midst of a sickening stench, which caused the visitors to hasten by, gasping.
i sometimes found the name of his native parish handsomely written in the snow by the highway, with the proper french accent, and knew that he had passed.
the imminent deed he made a work of art; and the station of the moment the only post of honor.
the same law runs into the human relation.
the little parlour-maid came out, with the key in her hand; and looking earnestly at me as she unlocked the gate, said: i beg your pardon, sir.
he waited and waited, and the clock struck twelve; but doctor manette did not come back.
the laborer, looking into it at evening, purifies his thoughts of the dross and earthiness which they have accumulated during the day.
and she would go back to the chase of it--and no sooner be fairly started than her chariot would be thrown off the track, so to speak, by the stupidity of those thrice accursed musicians.
we worship not the graces, nor the parc, but fashion.
it was not, she remarked, so palatable to her, but it was the next best.
saint antoine had been, that morning, a vast dusky mass of scarecrows heaving to and fro, with frequent gleams of light above the billowy heads, where steel blades and bayonets shone in the sun.
a great deal of very hot port wine was consumed at his call; and, considering the figure, i should think the inner temple must have made a profit by it.
such is the contrast between winter and spring.
then the oil in the lamp began to give out, and the room grew dim.
yet, said mr. pumblechook, leading the company gently back to the theme from which they had strayed, porkregarded as biledis rich, too; aint it?
ona lies in her room all day, the boy went on, breathlessly.
he said this with the air of one carefully reckoning up and striking a balance.
for who is going to tell whether the accent is right or wrong till the word is shouted, and fails to be heard, perhaps, and goes down-wind, leaving the world unmoved?
norwalk proved to be a much severer task than darien.
here, mr. lorry perceived the reflection on the wall to elongate, and mr. cruncher rose and stepped forward.
i resolved to go out to richmond next day, and i went.
does he regard friends as useful instruments, as pleasant companions, or as objects of devoted affection?
she never quite recovered consciousness.
thus, saint antoine in this vinous feature of his, until midday.
a child in a photo-drama or in a news story is sure to win sympathy and admiration.
they would all have to work harder now on his account.
he slept heavily, and his tray of shoemaking tools, and his old unfinished work, were all as usual.
and i got up behind the coach to eat mine, because she told me to.
but for the moment i do not see how we can come to a decision.
emphasis on that point of contact with current ideas will give to the article the desired timeliness.
thus some thought of consideration, whatever it was, as inherent in the very idea of enforceable promises.
with respect to luxuries and comforts, the wisest have ever lived a more simple and meagre life than the poor.
i believe, returned doctor manette, that there had been a strong and extraordinary revival of the train of thought and remembrance that was the first cause of the malady.
it is not armed with superior wit or honesty, but with superior physical strength.
what is a country without rabbits and partridges?
she trembled, and her lip shook, and her face was paler, as she answered: it has been put into your hearts, perhaps, to save a wretched creature for repentance.
but if there are not such common properties in any given case, then our method has secured us against error.
in the second place we have to remind ourselves that seldom does a writer try to say all that can be said about his subject.
i sat all the while, amazed by mr. micawbers disclosure, and wondering what it meant; until mrs. micawber resumed the thread of the discourse, and claimed my attention.
what the hog thought of it, and what he suffered, were not considered; and no more was it with labor, and no more with the purchaser of meat.
the whole represented, as was afterward demonstrated, exactly the sum of ten francs, fifty centimes.
the luxuries of the old country, said mr. micawber, with an intense satisfaction in their renouncement, we abandon.
in the sense in which objects (as opposed to propositions) are data, it would seem natural to say that those objects of which we are conscious are data.
perhaps its his sorrow, said peggotty, stroking my hair.
jurgis had made some friends by this time, and he sought one of them and asked what this meant.
said he, gripping my hand in that strong hand of his, it was you as first made mention of her to me.
to show the changed status of the church.
criticize, by relating to the times in which the subject appeared, the following: cubist art, sentimentalism, the renaissance of wonder, the dime novel, the wild-west moving picture film.
miss havisham continued to look steadily at me.
i took him, and giv him up; thats what i done.
lowell testified that it was perfectly natural for himself to turn to literature, since in his childhood he had become so accustomed to the smell of russia leather in the bindings of his father's books.
why must it be done without his knowledge?
but other forces, so far as science can discover, appear to be equally regular, and equally capable of being summed up in single causal laws.
when i opened my door in the evening, off they would go with a squeak and a bounce.
the amiable creature with the polished head told me a long story, which i think was about gardening.
punctual to my appointment, i rang at the castle gate on the monday morning, and was received by wemmick himself, who struck me as looking tighter than usual, and having a sleeker hat on.
joes station and influence were something feebler (if possible) when there was company than when there was none.
there was an old hatred between them because of the snow--ever since that dreadful morning when the boy had had his fingers frozen and jurgis had had to beat him to send him to work.
after deciding on the length of his article, the writer should consider what main points he will be able to develop in the allotted space.
exclaimed the man with the bloated face.
i have been at covent garden, too, and there never was a more miserable business.
but the man had seen that the boss was watching him; he started on again, pushing his truck.
realists, on the other hand, as a rule, suppress the content, and maintain that a thought consists either of act and object alone, or of object alone.
it was dated from la force, within an hour.
i know that what is said between you and me goes no further.
the mint is there, and we know it; yet our palate knows only the young potato.
you see, said doctor manette, turning to him after an uneasy pause, it is very hard to explain, consistently, the innermost workings of this poor man's mind.
he was taken to the bessemer furnace, where they made billets of steel--a dome-like building, the size of a big theater.
he stood for an instant with the finger yet raised, and as it dropped, he dropped with it, and i laid him down dead.
in the end, however, she had reaped her reward.
in the name of the great judge, said i, before whom you and all of us must stand at his dread time, dismiss that terrible idea!
every angry word that he had ever spoken came back to him and cut him like a knife; every selfish act that he had done--with what torments he paid for them now!
they speak very soft and low and distinct beneath the steady roar and dashing, beneath even the lesser tinklings and gurglings whose quality superimposes them over the louder sounds.
but, looking up at his face in the interchange of the first few common-places, she observed a change in it.
the garden has been so enlarged that the semi-occasional man-of-all-work has been replaced by a permanent gardener.
whenever she was particularly discomposed, she always performed one of these pedestrian feats; and the amount of her discomposure might always be estimated by the duration of her walk.
society recovers only a tenth part of the property then.
they could not even cry out beneath it; but anguish would seize them, more dreadful than the agony of death.
i could not help showing in my face how much it pleased me, but i said little, and he resumed his usual smile, and seemed relieved.
what things are there in the universe whose existence is known to us owing to our being acquainted with them?
i swore that time, sure as ever i earned a guinea, that guinea should go to you.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
sometimes, i thought that i would like to die at home; and actually turned back on my road, that i might get there soon.
at eleven the meeting closed, and the desolate audience filed out into the snow, muttering curses upon the few traitors who had got repentance and gone up on the platform.
not another word had i heard to enlighten me on the subject of my expectations, and my twenty-third birthday was a week gone.
since the first information concerning all new things is usually given to the world through the columns of the daily press, these columns are scanned carefully by writers in search of suggestions.
he had a good excuse for running away--his grief at the death of his son; and also he had a good excuse for not returning--the fact that they had left packingtown.
my aunt went on with a quiet enjoyment, in which there was very little affectation, if any; drinking the warm ale with a tea-spoon, and soaking her strips of toast in it.
even when there were sounds of sorrow among the rest, they were not harsh nor cruel.
but we had to learn to like them both.
herbert pocket had a frank and easy way with him that was very taking.
here are some people david knows, going out to australia shortly.
and because you have so much constancy and patience, traddles.
there is, however, another way of distinguishing between the vague, the particular and the general, and this is not by their content, but by the reaction which they produce.
her hair was torn and ragged, and her arms were bound to her sides with sashes and handkerchiefs.
the speaker seemed to acknowledge that it was inconvenient to have that different order of creature dying there, and that it would have been better if he had died in the usual obscure routine of his vermin kind.
by means of some such quip he was accustomed to paralyze his victims with laughter and then to destroy them.
my dear, said my aunt, after taking a spoonful of it; its a great deal better than wine.
the morning, which is the most memorable season of the day, is the awakening hour.
third, was the purpose worth striving for?
he may be too proud to let any one take him out of a place that he is competent to fill, and fills well and with respect.
she presented herself to me as the wife of the marquis st. evremonde.
i have known this, night and day, since i have known you in your home.
i felt mortified to be of so little use in the boat; but, there were few better oarsmen than my two friends, and they rowed with a steady stroke that was to last all day.
or, in the second outline the subheadings of the first might be indicated under the various topic sentences.
this, mrs. crupp said, would leave her at full liberty to concentrate her mind on the potatoes, and to serve up the cheese and celery as she could wish to see it done.
owing to the fact that we feel passive in sensation, we naturally suppose that our sensations have outside causes.
i seriously believe it had never once entered my head for a single moment, to consider whether she was or not.
in proportion to the development of his individuality, each person becomes more valuable to himself, and is therefore capable of being more valuable to others.
when his state seceded, he went with it, and filled three cabinet positions under the confederacy.
for, unlike mere insomnia, lying awake at night in the woods is pleasant.
that a girls' camp is a far more difficult proposition than one for boys is evident on the face of it.
i was nursery-governess in a family where mr. copperfield came to visit.
hence all consideration of the subject starts with the assumption that there are morally naked agreements which for that reason are to be naked legally.
the fact itself, of causing the existence of a human being, is one of the most responsible actions in the range of human life.
but questions come to us again, as we walk in silence.
he didnt care if he only earned his board.
using the word in that sense, i shall inquire into the philosophical basis of liability and the system of the law on that subject as related to that basis.
the real space is public, the apparent space is private to the percipient.
these are considered sacred, and accepted as laws, by all professing christians.
he looked abstractedly from one to another, and said, in a lower voice, after a pause: will you answer his question to me then?
it would seem that image-propositions are more primitive than word-propositions, and may well ante-date language.
when it is so derivable, the particular in question may be regarded as caused by the regular appearances, and therefore by the object itself, together with the modifications resulting from the medium.
many judges came to our cell, first the humblest and then the most honored judges of the city.
he attached no definite meaning to the word that i am aware of, but used it, like his own pretended christian name, to affront mankind, and convey an idea of something savagely damaging.
so also death should be represented with a scythe and time with a sickle; for time can take only what is ripe, but death comes always too soon.
the president rang his bell, and with warmth resumed.
diversities of manners and customs and traditions are on the whole a good thing, since they enable different nations to produce different types of excellence.
are all these footsteps destined to come to all of us, miss manette, or are we to divide them among us?
to give any fair-play to the nature of each, it is essential that different persons should be allowed to lead different lives.
good gracious, i didnt mean that, maam, said my aunt.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
the immediate objects of sight, the coloured surfaces which make up the visible world, are spatially external in the natural meaning of this phrase.
a gate in the fence standing ajar, i pushed it open, and went in.
i had reached that stage of sleepiness when peggotty seemed to swell and grow immensely large.
but the middle span of life is like a cantilever bridge: if it can bear its own weight it is expected to bear anything that can possibly be put upon it.
the engineer does not forget at night, or his nature does not, that he has beheld this vision of serenity and purity once at least during the day.
growled a red-cap, striking at the coverlet with the butt-end of his musket.
it is men who hold another truth, or, as it seems to us, perhaps, a dangerous lie, who can extend our restricted field of knowledge, and rouse our drowsy consciences.
but when it is absent there is more difficulty in obtaining a behaviourist theory of the occurrence of the word.
and in point of fact, when law or public feeling do not permit the truth of an opinion to be disputed, they are just as little tolerant of a denial of its usefulness.
this fact is in itself exceedingly interesting, but it is not the kind of fact from which philosophical consequences follow.
in saying that the time-order which events seem to have is the same as the time-order which they really have, it is necessary to guard against a possible misunderstanding.
mr. peggotty, said i, taking the chair he handed me, dont expect much!
consider the china pride and stagnant self-complacency of mankind.
who knows what sort of life would result if we had attained to purity?
if youre not tired, mr. pipthough i know its tiring to strangerswill you tip him one more?
am i answered that you are ready to be placed at once under some proper tutor?
by courtesy of the publishers, mcgraw-hill publishing company.
thank you, miss trotwood, said uriah, writhing in his ungainly manner, for your good opinion!
there were times, she said, of an evening, when he talked of their old life in the boat-house; and then he mentioned emily as a child.
and marija would keep giving them all her money, and of course he could not but feel that he was called upon to do the same.
juristically this seems to be a rationalization of the roman innominate contract.
replied my aunt, pulling the cotton out of one ear like a cork.
you hear the littler night prowlers; you glimpse the greater.
i hope you wont think it selfish, copperfield, if i mention that the broker carried off my little round table with the marble top, and sophys flower-pot and stand?
he was used to the sight of human wrecks, this saloon-keeper; he fired dozens of them every night, just as haggard and cold and forlorn as this one.
the debates might be held monthly, and preparation should be required.
he prefers plain, breezy men who admit him to the common humanities rather than those who remind him of his splendid isolation.
it was not a device to set him free that he might find his own level by free competition with his fellows and free experiment with his natural powers.
now when soldiers are unhappy--during a long, hard hike, for instance--they sing to keep up their spirits.
i only know that it was, and ceased to be; and that i have written, and there i leave it.
therefore, i thought id come back and say, that the sooner i am off the better.
the government of missouri and st. louis has been about as little adapted to the needs of the industrial worker as it well could be.
the men who manage have been shaking hands in their clubs for the past decade and congratulating themselves and each other over their drinks.
if to-day is not tuesday, this fact is the objective of your belief that to-day is tuesday.
he had worn all his rust off long ago, but nothing would file his spiky head down.
close in its bands of rock the river surges tumultuously forward, writhing and leaping as if inspired by a demon.
something within me, faintly answering to the storm without, tossed up the depths of my memory and made a tumult in them.
he would work all day, and all night, too, if need be; he would never rest until the house was paid for and his people had a home.
the fountain was a little removed; for the street opened, where it was, into a space some ten or twelve yards square.
i began to dispose of the more portable articles of property that very evening; and went out on a similar expedition almost every morning, before i went to murdstone and grinbys.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
in the same way, the journalist, the preacher, and the politician must look at things from the point of view of those they would reach.
you will note that he uses a combination of the historical method and the method by standards.
see what gross inconsistency is tolerated.
then, a burst of gratitude came upon me, that she should be destined for me, once the blacksmiths boy.
i said i owed him more obligations than i could ever repay, and held him in a higher admiration than i could ever express.
there was a fiction that mr. wopsle examined the scholars once a quarter.
to what profession or kind of work does he turn?
when we stop a little way short of the church, to put down peggotty, whom we have brought on the box, she gives it a squeeze, and me a kiss.
cried my excitable acquaintance, turning white, dont thay youre again habraham latharuth!
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
barkis will be so glad, said peggotty, wiping her eyes with her apron, that itll do him more good than pints of liniment.
and the old autocrat, riding in the poverty of a lean run, will have plenty of opportunity to count the telegraph poles and reflect on the mutability of men and things.
now other treasures, too, were shown--treasures chiefly photographic.
at all events, youll be nearer getting it, for it must come at last.
one thing troubled me much, after we had fallen into this quiet train.
the president would gladly have raised all the salaries if he had had the means.
but i doubt if they had more meaning in them than an election cry, and i cannot suggest a darker picture of her state of mind.
but it seems that a word becomes general by being made the sign, not of an abstract general idea, but of several particular ideas, any one of which it indifferently suggests to the mind.
he never made a suggestion but once; and on that occasion (i dont know what put it in his head), he suddenly proposed that i should be a brazier.
i declare to you, on the faith of a gentleman, that i have long dismissed it from my mind.
i rather thought i would give up that point too.
i must not urge them too much; it would rouse suspicion.
of all ebriosity, who does not prefer to be intoxicated by the air he breathes?
other members of the gang, equipped with axes and crowbars, push, pull, haul, and prize the ties into their relative positions and at equal distances apart.
this dialogue made us all uneasy, and me very uneasy.
yellowplush said of spelling that every gentleman was entitled to his own.
years before that tribunal comes into life, your life will be extinct; it is like a moth going into chancery.
but i think the solitoode done her good.
a similar conclusion can be proved by similar arguments concerning any other logical principle.
i seemed to have left the doctors roof with a dark cloud lowering on it.
he wrote her a letter which she received, i struck in, when she was dressing for her marriage?
the notion of perception is therefore not a precise one: we perceive things more or less, but always with a very considerable amount of vagueness and confusion.
in this lecture, i wish to apply the logical-analytic method to one of the oldest problems of philosophy, namely, the problem of our knowledge of the external world.
later the head of the household ceases to be thought of as symbolizing the household and the property was regarded legally as his individual property.
my heart was beating so fast, and there was such a singing in my ears, that i could scarcely stammer i had no objection.
if two articles are written on the same subject, different pictures should be secured, so that it will not be necessary to send copies of the same illustrations to two magazines.
(c) does not the assumption of points and instants make the whole mathematical account fictitious?
day after day, week after week, month after month, i was coldly neglected.
no, sir, returned wemmick; it was going by post, when you brought mr. pip into the office.
they raised their head, and there was a great pride in their voice; they answered: we have followed you.
and i have no doubt she did; or that he loved her, however strange it may appear; though, to be sure, they were a congenial couple.
he was a long way down the sunny street, and was making expressive gestures for me to stop.
we parted, overwhelmed with grief; and i think miss mills enjoyed herself completely.
if the quotation expresses an extraordinary idea, it possesses an additional source of interest.
we had been sitting in the bright warm sunlight, looking at the river, and i chanced to say as we got up, see, joe!
on the approach to execution all is changed.
i thought mr. dick would have fallen, insensible.
let us have a quiet walk on the marshes next sunday, biddy, and a long chat.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
goodness is the only investment that never fails.
as we came nearer to the shouting, it became more and more apparent that it was made by more than one voice.
it not only gives the editorial reader some information in regard to the article, but it protects the manuscript itself.
he found that they had been waiting for him for three days--there was a chance of a job for him.
a good reason for taking to a man, that he shows you what you have fallen away from, and what you might have been!
it was very pleasant to see the doctor with his pretty young wife.
well, i dont know, now, when i have been better pleased than to hear that.
if i had been obliged to look at him with him splay foot on mr. wickfields head, i think i could scarcely have hated him more.
he is very fond of you, i am sure, i said.
but soon the western sky broke open; the illumination of the stars poured down from behind the dispersing clouds.
and youll take any pains, and spend any money, to drive me out of this country, will you?
you are very obliging, my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber; and hummed a tune.
it was perfectly delightful to behold with what enthusiasm mr. peggotty became inspired when he thought of his little favourite.
the attitude of scientific efficiency is incompatible with feelings of humanity.
the burial-place had got to the pass that its little heaps of poor grass were undistinguishable from one another; the figure on the cross might have come down, for anything that could be seen of it.
but, in the funereal room, with that figure of the grave fallen back in the chair fixing its eyes upon her, estella looked more bright and beautiful than before, and i was under stronger enchantment.
accompanying herself on a glorified instrument, resembling a guitar.
i come heer with no hope, and i take away no hope.
well, sir, said mr. omer, removing his pipe, that he might rub his chin: i tell you truly, i shall be glad when her marriage has taken place.
mrs. traddles, with perfect pleasure and composure beaming from her household eyes, having made the tea, then quietly made the toast as she sat in a corner by the fire.
the responsible duty of making the toast was delegated to the aged, and that excellent old gentleman was so intent upon it that he seemed to me in some danger of melting his eyes.
thus it is quite gratuitous to suppose that physical objects have colours, and therefore there is no justification for making such a supposition.
very few women, however, have had the practical training to enable them to fill such positions, and five years ago there was little opportunity for them to obtain such training.
he did not add that he had paid three hundred dollars, and a foreman's job, for the satisfaction of knocking down phil connor a second time.
the novels laid in war-time are either sanguine melodrama or absurd idyls of maidens whose lovers are at the front--a tragic theme if tragically and not sentimentally conceived.
here is lemuel--cursed with a lean run and yet trying to maintain at least an appearance of geniality.
we changed, and i had not made up my mind, and still reflected for my comfort that it would be quite practicable to get down and walk back, when we changed again.
i had sat there many times of old before the ship was built that floated his family to america.
illustrative selections of both poetry and prose are freely employed.
ten years ago mr. guedalla was considered the most continuously and insolently brilliant undergraduate of the oxford of that day.
the third day it gets out still more quickly, and before long it goes straight to the latch and lifts it at once.
besides the complexity that comes from successive radiation, there is a perpetual exchange of influences among the meanings themselves.
she preserved an equable cheerfulness in the midst of her sympathy, which was not the least astonishing part of the change that had come over her.
every distribution of assets repeats the conditions that have recurred since the statute of distributions.
if i have no ice, reheating it each day during warm weather prevents spoiling.
the three interweave and are inextricable, in the total, but may be somewhat distinguished.
jurgis had only seen her once or twice afterward, for juozas had thrown her over for another girl, and alena had gone away from packingtown, no one knew where.
my aunt, on the other hand, was in a composed frame of mind, which was a lesson to all of us--to me, i am sure.
during that time the home assistant works steadily and specialization is done away with.
markham was the singer, and he sang when the heart of a man is depressed with care.
however humiliating for my self-esteem, i must confess that the counsels of marcus aurelius are not for me.
as i walked on the railroad causeway, i used to wonder at the halo of light around my shadow, and would fain fancy myself one of the elect.
and, dismissing me and the subject with a good-night kiss, he brushed his last year's hat and hurried off, taking the latchkey.
but, within myself, i shall always be, towards you, what i am now, though outwardly i shall be what you have heretofore seen me.
everyone must have property of some sort in order to be free.
the woman began screaming, and people came rushing in.
these judges, and all the men in power, are very friendly to you, and very recognisant of your services; are they not?
no person ought to be punished simply for being drunk; but a soldier or a policeman should be punished for being drunk on duty.
if jurgis did not believe it, he could try it, said the little jew--let them meet at a certain house on the morrow and make a test.
in this case your belief consists of a sensation and an image suitable related.
this mode of thinking follows the substitution of the city-state political organization of society for the kin-organization.
it was jonas who suggested that they all go to america, where a friend of his had gotten rich.
i should rob my family, he said, if i was to offer ninepence for it.
here, drawing the cloth off with great pride and care, are two pieces of furniture to commence with.
i observed that the latter always spoke of himself indefinitely, as a man, and seldom or never in the first person singular.
the chicken had spoiled because of delay in delivery.
if the women are hunting equality as their goal let them not seek out the crowded, hostile cities, but remain in the smaller places where their work can stand out distinctly.
yes, maam; i could do that, if i was wanted.
we found that a steamer for hamburg was likely to suit our purpose best, and we directed our thoughts chiefly to that vessel.
the young gal likewise occasioned me some uneasiness: not so much by neglecting to wash the plates, as by breaking them.
the fundamental tenet upon which the system is built up is that what is incomplete must be not self-subsistent, but must need the support of other things before it can exist.
he has a sullen, rebellious spirit; a violent temper; and an untoward, intractable disposition.
on the road i have suffered a great deal.
you know that it is among their rights to keep us in their grounds all night, quieting the frogs, in order that their noble sleep may not be disturbed.
be as soft as a mouse, or the catll hear us.
this is, as yet, a mere hypothesis, to be tested empirically without any preconceptions.
broadway was still and deserted in comparison.
he looked like a brown ghost at twilight--from hair to shoes he became the color of the building and of everything in it, and for that matter a hundred yards outside it.
another safeguard is absence of desire to make rhetorical effect.
good titles and interesting methods of treatment that a writer observes in the work of others may prove helpful in suggesting titles and methods for his own articles.
to hear it was to be suddenly arrested, to be gripped, transfixed.
this occasion shall not entirely pass without that affability on your part.may i, as an old friend and well-wisher?
but, as he points out, this does not mean that property is becoming collective.
how dreadfully unkind in a brother nothing has ever turned my love away from!
take warning from one who has learnt a lesson.
i swore arterwards, sure as ever i speclated and got rich, you should get rich.
the law of property in the widest sense, including incorporeal property and the growing doctrines as to protection of economically advantageous relations, gives effect to the social want or demand formulated in this postulate.
the same data are entered on a blank that is attached to the manuscript by a clip.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
is it not almost a self-evident axiom, that the state should require and compel the education, up to a certain standard, of every human being who is born its citizen?
you know that because the other man says so himself.
i tell you what, mr. mell, once for all.
vice and disease, which cast such a sombre moral hue over the world, seemed to have hardly any existence for him.
and then outside the tent some little woods noise snaps the thread.
in studying an interview article, one can generally infer what questions the interviewer used.
the socialist party was a really democratic political organization--it was controlled absolutely by its own membership, and had no bosses.
then she kissed me more and more, and clasped me round the neck.
doent ye think of leaving me behind, danl!
anybody can write a short storya bad one, i meanwho has industry and paper and time enough; but not every one may hope to write even a bad novel.
it has been said that the philosophy of law seeks the permanent or enduring element in the law of the time and place.
with a pretty little party laid along with the other party.
they have supposed that what is of most importance in religious beliefs could be proved by strict demonstration to be true.
had the others seen it, they could have guessed nothing, for it looked only as if we were shading our eyes from the sun.
it seems, therefore, that we are driven to a different kind of definition.
i am glad to find, he said, copperfield, that you and miss murdstone are already acquainted.
i tried to decline taking the guinea on the first occasion, but with no better effect than causing her to ask me very angrily, if i expected more?
the kind soul promised, and we both of us kissed the keyhole with the greatest affection--i patted it with my hand, i recollect, as if it had been her honest face--and parted.
and so she never lifted her head up any more, and it was just an hour later when we laid it down on her own bed, because we found she was gone.
two battered tin pails were handed up by small, grimy fingers.
when miss mills undertook the office and returned with dora, exhorting us, from the pulpit of her own bitter youth, to mutual concession, and the avoidance of the desert of sahara!
she came back, with some bread and meat and a little mug of beer.
i laid my hand upon the latch; and whispering steerforth to keep close to me, went in.
comrade lucas was not what is called an educated man; he knew only the bible, but it was the bible interpreted by real experience.
although women are entering many fields hitherto monopolized by men, the home remains woman's peculiar sphere.
i am greatly obliged, and i should like it of all things, i assure you; but i am far too umble.
looking in, i saw a lighted candle on a table, a bench, and a mattress on a truckle bedstead.
it would be the first time that he had been all the way into the water since he left lithuania!
the company, however, asked that its detective be allowed to search the woman's house itself.
and now, i tried to tell her of the struggle i had had, and the conclusion i had come to.
when i left, at nine oclock, she was kneeling on the ground at the doctors feet, putting on his shoes and gaiters for him.
indeed the unchecked discretion of juries, which legislation has brought about in some jurisdictions, is worse than the hobbled court and rigid mechanical application of law from which it is a reaction.
we shut our outer door on these solemn occasions, in order that we might not be interrupted.
we had a merry game, not made the less merry by the doctors mistakes, of which he committed an innumerable quantity, in spite of the watchfulness of the butterflies, and to their great aggravation.
the party of young men didn't apologize then; they gathered about the one who was being congratulated and recongratulated him.
miss lavinia and miss clarissa partook, in their way, of my joy.
and then they will fool the voters once more, and all the powers of plunder and corruption will be swept into office again!
the man looked at him, looked at the village in the hollow, at the mill, and at the prison on the crag.
his face was so very mild and pleasant, and had something so reverend in it, though it was hale and hearty, that i was not sure but that he was having a good-humoured jest with me.
he infers that every mental event is a genuine novelty, not predictable from the past, because the past contains nothing exactly like it by which we could imagine it.
that is what makes it possible for the other thing to endure--not merely for a few mad, glad years, followed by drab duty and dull regret, but for a happy lifetime of useful vigor.
willingly, sir, said monsieur defarge, and quietly stepped with him to the door.
this may seem to be harsh and stubborn and unconcilliatory; but it is to treat with the utmost kindness and consideration the only spirit that can appreciate or deserves it.
a more remarkable face in its quiet, resolute, and guarded struggle with an unseen assailant, was not to be beheld in all the wide dominions of sleep, that night.
the way she manages this place; her punctuality, domestic knowledge, economy, and order; her cheerfulness, copperfield!
i never think of you in any other light.
her dinners, of a very modest quality, were so well cooked and so well served, and so neat in their contrivances, half english and half french, that nothing could be better.
but remember, it will not keep quite till noon-day even in the coolest cellar, but drive out the stopples long ere that and follow westward the steps of aurora.
my dear copperfield, said traddles, i have already done so, because i begin to feel that i have not only been inconsiderate, but that i have been positively unjust to sophy.
if he likes to fly a kite sometimes, what of that!
next day the clothes i had ordered all came home, and he put them on.
i mark this cross of blood upon you, as a sign that i do it.
i was very glad to be ordered away, for mrs. and miss creakle were both wiping their eyes, and i felt as uncomfortable for them as i did for myself.
it was never so well worth your while to get me out of this country as it is to-night.
i, too, was learning at first hand much about my own profession.
and he had to find some shelter that night he had to change it!
mr. peggotty smiled at us from behind his pipe, and ham grinned all the evening and did nothing else.
but there was now a great darkness besides; and that invested the storm with new terrors, real and fanciful.
when i married, my only dowry was a fierce pride and an overwhelming ambition to get back our material prosperity.
the consequence of this is that the treatment of many forms of insanity has grown more psychological and less physiological than it used to be.
this last proviso is of course indispensable.
and you wont tell me, any more, that we make other people bad, coaxed dora; will you?
it would avail me nothing to extenuate it now.
i was astonished at their brightness, to see how they filled the night with their soft lustre.
tillotson and the rest need not, after all, be pitied for our neglect of them.
done into english from the italian, by tho.
in the end, as with the hogs, the finished beef was run into the chilling room, to hang its appointed time.
she asked me this so kindly, and with such a gentle air, half playful and half sorrowful, that i was quite touched.
proceeding in this way, we can shorten the process which we are calling the cause more and more.
i mourned for the broken heart that had found rest in the stormy sea; and for the wandering remnants of the simple home, where i had heard the night-wind blowing, when i was a child.
twice have we been sent to the palace of mating, but it is an ugly and shameful matter, of which we do not like to think.
the president rang his bell to silence those cries, and asked the prisoner whether it was not true that he had lived many years in england?
this was her as now asked what it was that had gone so much amiss.
but such facts as, in regard to the main design, subserve a variety of purposes, he will perforce and eagerly retain.
you are again the prisoner of the republic.
i groped my way to the door, and putting my own lips to the keyhole, whispered: is that you, peggotty dear?
after they had seen enough of the pens, the party went up the street, to the mass of buildings which occupy the center of the yards.
not many there be who enter therein, only the guests of the irishman quin.
jurgis was driven out to the bridewell for the second time.
yet i did not, and for the reason that i mistrusted that if i did, he would think me worse than i was.
among the novelties she makes is a candied mint that sells quickly.
likewise, i do not illustrate my egg sales talks with a sample dozen of odd sizes and shapes.
they were clean and new, and i spread them out and handed them over to him.
the loon retires to solitary ponds to spend it.
you are not to suppose that he hasnt got a longer name, if he chose to use it, said my aunt, with a loftier air.
some publications do not pay until the article is printed, a method obviously less satisfactory to a writer than prompt payment, since he may have to wait a year or more for his money.
if i'd known what i know now we'd have won out.
then, the night, with the moon and the stars, turned pale and died, and for a little while it seemed as if creation were delivered over to death's dominion.
mr. lorry said what he could to calm her, and went himself into the doctor's room.
checking his steps which had begun to tend towards an object, he took a turn or two in the already darkening street, and traced the thought in his mind to its possible consequences.
the mist, palely opalescent, drives past her out of nothing into nowhere.
i felt it, and still remark it almost daily in my walks, for by it hangs the history of a family.
but parcel-post delivery was not always so admirably done in chicago.
two or three year older than emly, but was at the school with her.
another of his characteristics--no use of superlatives.
until he absolutely wept with sentiment.
by the light of the driveway lamps jurgis could see that it had towers and huge gables, like a medieval castle.
i would not subtract any thing from the praise that is due to philanthropy, but merely demand justice for all who by their lives and works are a blessing to mankind.
there was no longer any grievance about the washing.
he was in a decline, and was a shadow to look at.
why is it that a bucket of water soon becomes putrid, but frozen remains sweet forever?
we took my aunt into our counsels in the afternoon; but our only decided conclusion was, that we would be very punctual in keeping mr. micawbers appointment.
and the golden one stepped back, and stood looking upon their hands in wonder.
none the less it is a necessary part of judicial power.
and we all had cake and wine on gold plates.
the golden one were kneeling alone at the moat which runs through the field.
that is why our criminal courts are probably our most influential schools of democracy.
on the contrary, if the country were of a rolling or mountainous character, there would be two important differences introduced.
a factory owner, hearing what depth i had found, thought that it could not be true, for, judging from his acquaintance with dams, sand would not lie at so steep an angle.
it was amazing what quantities of food such as this were needed every day, by eleven hungry persons.
the astonishment of a london school-boy who has just read in his history how the american colonies rebelled.
of what a whiteness is the last baby one of all, of what a sweetness his flavor.
danl, said mrs. gummidge, suddenly deserting her basket, and clinging to his arm my dear danl, the parting words i speak in this house is, i mustnt be left behind.
early to-morrow have your horses ready, so that they may be in starting trim at two o'clock in the afternoon.
rest consists in being in the same position at all the instants throughout a certain finite period, however short; it does not consist simply in a body's being where it is at a given instant.
in our illustration of the actor, we spoke, for the moment, as though each spectator's mind were wholly occupied by the one actor.
sit close down by it, and you see a fragment of the torrent against the sky, mottled, steely, and foaming, leaping onward in far-flung criss-cross strands of water.
woman of forty of forty to learn to read and write was and her work told by miss meyers in connection with one of the pieces of work exhibited.
we walked, that winter evening, in the fields together; and the blessed calm within us seemed to be partaken by the frosty air.
hence we shall reach the conclusion that socrates is mortal with a greater approach to certainty if we make our argument purely inductive than if we go by way of 'all men are mortal' and then use deduction.
i believe that all races at some seasons wear something equivalent to the shirt.
you pay from thirty-five to fifty dollars a month with all the worker's food and lodging provided.
and there is not another word to tell, agnes, said i, when i had made an end of my confidence.
my family may consider it banishment, if they please; but i am a wife and mother, and i never will desert mr. micawber.
the same would hold true in a thorough analysis of bridges; all forms would demand entrance.
somehow, that pursuit seemed more in keeping with barnards inn.
he cannot easily touch his face, his arms being bound.
then b realized that his side partner had missed the train.
earnestness in you, is anything but alarming to me.
and home was very dear to me, and agnes too--but she was not mine--she was never to be mine.
had i opened either a cheap or a showy place in the college town, i would not have gained the good will of the faculty or the patronage of the best class of students.
so through various yawning holes there slipped to the floor below--to one room hams, to another forequarters, to another sides of pork.
i was glad to find that mr. micawber had got rid of his dust and ashes, and that something really had turned up at last.
massed with the asters it is superb, and i get it by going through the bars with a shovel and a wheelbarrow.
mill pond bank, and chinkss basin, and the old green copper rope-walk, all so clear and plain!
they were shaken to the depths of them, with the awe of love realized--and was it so very weak of them that they cried out for a little peace?
that good creature--i mean peggotty--all untired by her late anxieties and sleepless nights, was at her brothers, where she meant to stay till morning.
it fits the facts, and there is no empirical evidence against it; it also is free from logical impossibilities.
is there nobody else in the world to come there?
for it was a small room and there were only two beds in it.
i have prayed over them, oh, i have prayed so much.
the wildness of the savage is but a faint symbol of the awful ferity with which good men and lovers meet.
now there are here two different questions to be distinguished.
southern customers objected to its blue color, which is the evidence of its purity, as if it were muddy, and preferred the cambridge ice, which is white, but tastes of weeds.
for all the doors in that building are brimming with poetry.
upon that, with the natural feelings of a mother, i said, good god, i beg your pardon!
we had walked but a little way together, when he said, without looking at me: masr davy, have you seen her?
after the acquittal she disappeared, and thus he lost the child and the childs mother.
it seems, said estella, very calmly, that there are sentiments, fancies,i dont know how to call them,which i am not able to comprehend.
she needs a few more comforts, although camp life aims at eliminating all but the essentials of simple living.
can be and shall be, on your own terms, returned my aunt, if you say the word.
a line of rails to travel on, and ground that will carry her weight--she asks no more.
the sergeant tossed off his glass again and seemed quite ready for another glass.
i have sustained my own idea of roderick random for a month at a stretch, i verily believe.
i think them injudicious, but i am not paid for giving any opinion on their merits.
nothing is originally mine without a juridical act.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
i believe the theme of this incomprehensible conundrum was the moon.
mr. cruncher, in an access of loyalty, growlingly repeated the words after miss pross, like somebody at church.
she also bestowed a british cough on madame defarge; but, neither of the two took much heed of her.
missis gummidge has worked like a--i doent know what missis gummidge ant worked like, said mr. peggotty, looking at her, at a loss for a sufficiently approving simile.
thats true, indeed, said i, moving my chair to the table.
mama, said annie, still crying, would he be unhappy without me?
it is remarkable how many creatures live wild and free though secret in the woods, and still sustain themselves in the neighborhood of towns, suspected by hunters only.
he saw jurgis as he crossed the threshold, and turned white.
as well as the prisoner could see, he and mr. lorry were the only men there, unconnected with the tribunal, who wore their usual clothes, and had not assumed the coarse garb of the carmagnole.
that is, if readers think that the convictions which they have reached are their own, and were not forced upon them, their interest in these ideas is likely to be much deeper and more lasting.
her delight was to move in perpetual progresses from castle to castle through a series of gorgeous pageants, fanciful and extravagant as a caliph's dream.
if his caption is unsatisfactory, the editor will have to write one based on the writer's explanation.
to give in an attractive form complete and accurate directions for doing something in a certain way, is another difficult problem for the inexperienced writer.
my heart was deeply and most deservedly humbled as i mused over the fire for an hour or more.
he said, almost in the same words as formerly, that ham was just the same, wearing away his life with kiender no care nohow for t; but never murmuring, and liked by all.
it is hard for me to believe that i shall find fair landscapes or sufficient wildness and freedom behind the eastern horizon.
he is then called a pupa, and is in a strange transition period during which he does not eat.
i'll not leave a handful of that dark hair upon your head, if you lay a finger on me!
do this with any piano composition which you admire.
for a decade the little figure with the long pig-tail and the red hair ribbon has been familiar on the streets of emporia, and she got in the way of speaking to those who nodded at her.
this brought us to the dinner-table, where she and sarah pocket awaited us.
since the material for many articles is obtained by means of an interview, it is often convenient to put the major part, if not the whole, of the story in interview form.
its deep fidelity and goodness were not to be adorned by me or any man.
so i mowed all that morning, till the houses awoke in the valley, and from some of them rose a little fragrant smoke, and men began to be seen.
joining these groups, i found bewailing women whose husbands were away in herring or oyster boats, which there was too much reason to think might have foundered before they could run in anywhere for safety.
without the beneficent work of a certain class of bacteria the world would not be habitable.
i have never believed it possible that any natural or improved ability can claim immunity from the companionship of the steady, plain, hard-working qualities, and hope to gain its end.
he would have been more and more sensible of what was wanting in his home.
of this, words are the supreme example, since their effects as signs are prodigious, while their intrinsic interest as sensible occurrences on their own account is usually very slight.
and this, he said, would supply the need for more power, which will certainly soon arise, without taking away from the beauty of niagara.
in the morning miss murdstone appeared as usual, and told me i was going to school; which was not altogether such news to me as she supposed.
now, get assistance and take me to the coach.
when he had identified these objects in what benighted mind he had, he said, in a dialect that was just intelligible: how goes it, jacques?
two things i can tell you, said estella.
opinions similar in principle to these, already prevail widely among the artisan class, and weigh oppressively on those who are amenable to the opinion chiefly of that class, namely, its own members.
and so we must not get the notion that all bacteria are our mortal foes.
if the heavens of america appear infinitely higher, and the stars brighter, i trust that these facts are symbolical of the height to which the philosophy and poetry and religion of her inhabitants may one day soar.
hed got an old newspaper with him, and some other account in print of the storm.
make two or more outlines for each subject, choosing your material to indicate different root principles.
for the sake of miss wickfield-- my agnes!
and i went on at a mighty rate, as if it could be done by walking.
we walked a little farther in silence, and then he spoke.
it saved him the necessity of flinging his arms about and fidgeting as he did in most work.
all this in mrs. knefler's suavest fashion.
it was this mistake, i think, which, operating unconsciously, led him to attribute validity to a singularly flimsy piece of fallacious reasoning.
have i detected you in another feast, you sybarite!
i said i had been down to hear the carols.
the african hunter cumming tells us that the skin of the eland, as well as that of most other antelopes just killed, emits the most delicious perfume of trees and grass.
if he is merely hurt, or offended, or exclaims upon his authors folly, he had better take to the daily papers; he will never be a reader.
there are nowadays professors of philosophy, but not philosophers.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
where, repeated the same personage, without taking any heed of him whatever, are the papers of this prisoner?
if he complains i satisfy him, immediately and cheerfully.
there may be others, for one cannot pretend to know all the living novelists and dramatists.
and all of the trusts that i have named are railroad trusts--save only the beef trust!
such a statement involves two causal laws, one inferring from a datum something which existed a quarter of an hour ago, the other inferring from the same datum something which will exist an hour hence.
in addition there was an attic, made by the peak of the roof, and having one small window in each end.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
very much admired, indeed, the young woman was.
humor does not depend on ridicule or satire.
it has only as much interest and attractiveness as the subject itself possesses.
he cherished an extraordinary belief in the virtues of shorts as a disguise, and had in his own mind sketched a dress for himself that would have made him something between a dean and a dentist.
i have a wife and baby, sir, and they have no money--my god, they will starve to death!
sometimes a boy is accompanied to the office by his father.
apparently the citizen-doctor is not in his right mind?
our eyes at those times often met; and my great astonishment is that i didnt go over the head of my gallant grey into the carriage.
but the size has nothing at all to do with it.
an individual jesuit is to the utmost degree of abasement the slave of his order, though the order itself exists for the collective power and importance of its members.
and i sat there so many hours, that the shade became sunlight, and the sunlight became shade again, and still i sat there waiting for the money.
and in line four there is a marked subsidiary m, which again was announced in line two.
again, self-evidence must not be the same thing as the absence of doubt or the presence of complete certainty.
adams is going to be called to the bar almost directly, and is to be an advocate, and to wear a wig.
penitence, humiliation, shame, pride, love, and trustfulness--i see them all; and in them all, i see that horror of i dont know what.
he had asked the prisoner, aboard the calais packet, if he wanted a handy fellow, and the prisoner had engaged him.
a certain sensory situation produces in us a certain bodily movement.
as an example of vigorous legal analysis it rivals austin.
do you know the giantess in question, daisy?
have the goodness to show mr. copperfield, said mr. spenlow, what you have in your reticule, miss murdstone.
if you would know the history of these homesteads, inquire at the bank where they are mortgaged.
if there were a number of extra people for dinner, the assistant was expected to stay until nine and there was never any complaining about too much company.
in the strict law the source of obligation was in the form itself.
his collected and calm manner could not prevent her blood from running cold, as he thus tried to anatomise his old condition.
the sights he had seen there, with brief snatches of food and sleep by intervals, shall remain untold.
you can take a hackney-coach at the stage-coach office in london, and come straight to me.
if you 're thinking of trying to dodge the selective draft by pretending physical disability when you get before the local exemption board, here's a bit of advice: don't.
we knelt, and we crawled forward, our hand groping along the iron line to see where it would lead.
well then, dont talk about such uncomfortable things, theres a good soul, said my mother.
it is only deliberate promises that are morally binding, for only such promises are relied upon by the prudent, upright man in his intercourse with his neighbors.
you might have knocked me down on the flat of my back, sir, with the feather of a pen, i assure you, when mrs. chillip said so.
sensations, on the other hand, will only have physical causes.
cried traddles, opening his eyes in his old way.
take, for example, the case of a horse trotting away from us along a hard road.
this was a courage that madame defarge so little comprehended as to mistake for weakness.
the east-wind withdrew to aurora and the nabathan kingdom, and the persian, and the ridges placed under the morning rays * * * * man was born.
the cat at first dashes all round the cage, making frantic efforts to force a way out.
upon my unfortunate townsman all these incidents accumulated with playful effect.
though we should like to crawl up a wide valley on the other side, we must choose a smaller one, because the enemy could wither us away in the larger one.
the pagenstechers went to germany, and when they returned they brought two of the grinders--crude affairs devised for the simple purpose of pressing wood upon a stone.
he was very communicative last night, and told me more of his life.
by a 'description' i mean any phrase of the form 'a so-and-so' or 'the so-and-so'.
for, it inscrutably appeared to stand to reason, in the minds of the whole company, that i was an excrescence on the entertainment.
it is a surprising and memorable, as well as valuable experience, to be lost in the woods any time.
of late, also, the hotel had become a favorite stopping place for western cattlemen.
what is it that has hitherto preserved europe from this lot?
writing informal essays is impossible for the man whose life is neutral, who goes unseeing, unhearing through the world; it is most natural to the man who touches life at many points and touches with pleasure.
she put the mug down on the stones of the yard, and gave me the bread and meat without looking at me, as insolently as if i were a dog in disgrace.
i promised, of course; and we kissed one another over and over again, and i soon fell fast asleep.
yes, madame, answered mr. lorry; this is our poor prisoner's darling daughter, and only child.
at the end he was all but frozen, and fought his way in with the rest of the throng (at the risk of having his arm broken again), and got close to the big stove.
dear mrs. steerforth, we must all trust to that, in our heaviest misfortunes.
its large eyes appeared young and unhealthy, almost dropsical.
this is one reason for the great importance of logical form.
she clenched her hand, and trembled through her spare, worn figure, as if her passion were killing her by inches.
the things given will each occupy some finite time.
the movement against the last king of the house of stuart was in england conservative, in scotland destructive.
how surprised must the fishes be to see this ungainly visitor from another sphere speeding his way amid their schools!
but once among his own kind, he wonders that folk should be circumvented by merely extraneous powers!
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
because it may be used erroneously, are men to be told that they ought not to use it at all?
i saw her do, that night, what i had never seen her do before.
we read that the traveller asked the boy if the swamp before him had a hard bottom.
an epileptic in a family is an almost intolerable burden to its other members, as well as to himself.
for the bill that is to be a certain investment?
as the dark distant level, absorbing their figures into itself, left but itself visible between us and the sea and clouds, her figure disappeared in like manner, still no nearer to them than before.
jurgis turned away, and then in a sudden rush the full realization of his triumph swept over him, and he gave a yell and a jump, and started off on a run.
master micawber was hardly visible in a guernsey shirt, and the shaggiest suit of slops i ever saw; and the children were done up, like preserved meats, in impervious cases.
its thought, down on the beach, shell go to pieces every moment.
and infinite numbers cannot be reached at all in this way.
facts learned during his investigation of this business man's delivery problem led the salesman to make suggestions that eliminated waste and increased the effectiveness of his horse rigs.
it almost limits its choice to certain counties within those states.
we may call the two places the active and passive places respectively.
i knew carl would object, but i had not expected such an outburst of profane rage as followed my announcement.
what an agreeable man he is, after all, master copperfield!
a bird sits on the next bough, life-everlasting grows under the table, and blackberry vines run round its legs; pine cones, chestnut burs, and strawberry leaves are strewn about.
madame defarge's dark eyes followed her through this rapid movement, and rested on her when it was finished.
when i at last inquired on what his thoughts were so bent, he replied: on whats afore me, masr davy; and over yon.
to add to this there was the board of jonas and marija, about forty-five dollars.
people came to those dinners in their second or third best: but they stayed late, and laughed hilariously to the last second of their stay.
a hunter told me that he once saw a fox pursued by hounds burst out on to walden when the ice was covered with shallow puddles, run part way across, and then return to the same shore.
he sidled in and out of a room, to take up the less space.
there was a little green perspective of trellis-work and ivy at the side of our cottage, through which i could see, from the garden where i was walking, into the road before the house.
then one day they came close to the hedge, and suddenly they turned to us.
again, as if by agreement, they looked at one another with one meaning in their faces.
you may be aware, my dear mr. copperfield, that between myself and mr. micawber (whom i will never desert), there has always been preserved a spirit of mutual confidence.
if he was to make so bold as say a word to me, i should slap his face.
he was not a professor--he was a prince; a proud prince of the most royal realm of sport.
whatever the average person likes to hear and see, whatever gives him pleasure and satisfaction, is what he wants to read about.
no, i replied with the profoundest respect; nor from him.
she might have been some two or three years younger than wemmick, and i judged her to stand possessed of portable property.
then he deftly spat the cigarette into a strawless portion of the floor, where it glowed for a few seconds before it went out.
i begin to think, said estella, in a musing way, after another moment of calm wonder, that i almost understand how this comes about.
but when i buttoned my jacket, that was not much.
i replied that he would much oblige me by drinking it, if he thought he could do it safely, but by no means otherwise.
i have so far assumed as unquestionable the view that the truth or falsehood of a belief consists in a relation to a certain fact, namely the objective of the belief.
i went through the dreary house, and darkened the windows.
manifestly not, since some work is easy and some hard, and we should have millions of rural mail carriers, and no coal miners.
compare the sanity of your criticism with that of the article above.
but dont you never find it a little eating?
the principal function of this retainer was to quarrel with the cook; in which respect he was a perfect whittington, without his cat, or the remotest chance of being made lord mayor.
he returned, and burst into a roar of laughter that shook the chaise.
all right, then; would you mind seeing if he has gone yet?
i thought of you--of the baby--of mother and the children.
there was something cosmical about it; a standing advertisement, till forbidden, of the everlasting vigor and fertility of the world.
in secret, too, grumbled the gaoler, looking at the written paper.
nearly two of em are over, and she has been as good a girl as ever was.
that which made for the greatest total of individual happiness was to be the lawmaker's standard.
he did not look to be over twenty-two or three, though, as jurgis found afterward, he was thirty.
the elephant butts, you know, sir, said mr. omer, winking, when he goes at a object.
and by that sort of thing we very often lose a little mint of money, said mr. omer.
that is according as the young gentleman has his original character formed.
any sportiveness in cattle is unexpected.
after that, he fell to gardening, and i saw him from my gothic window pretending to employ the aged, and nodding at him in a most devoted manner.
his voice was husky from much speaking, but the great auditorium was as still as death, and every one heard him.
if you dont know that your bills in good hands, i know it.
i made it a rule to take as much out of myself as i possibly could, in my way of doing everything to which i applied my energies.
it not only shows a lack of interest in the boy's welfare on the part of the parents, but also places the youthful applicant in an unfair position.
some years ago, the state met me in behalf of the church, and commanded me to pay a certain sum toward the support of a clergyman whose preaching my father attended, but never i myself.
for four months in the year its water is as cold as it is pure at all times; and i think that it is then as good as any, if not the best, in the town.
the bureau--which is the newest department of chicago's school system--is really an employment agency, but one that is different from any other employment agency in the united states.
have you considered what it is to undermine the confidence that should subsist between my daughter and myself?
in the west during recent years a large number of pumps of a certain type have been sold for irrigating purposes.
i regard utility as the ultimate appeal on all ethical questions; but it must be utility in the largest sense, grounded on the permanent interests of man as a progressive being.
a reader without a good steadying sense of balance, a shrewd determination to weigh what he reads and judge of its value for himself is as helpless as a man in a whirlpool.
it is therefore a mnemic phenomenon according to our definition.
well, we may be sure that so careful and acute an artist had some good reason.
by diligent study of gasoline hauling problems in various lines of business he gained practical knowledge and after that had only to apply his knowledge from the customer's side of the problem.
so they came and went every day, with a peculiar shriek from the locomotive, from and to some point of the polar regions, as it seemed to me, like a flock of arctic snow-birds.
the ministers of sainte guillotine are robed and ready.
any further restriction i do not conceive to be, in principle, justifiable.
he got his meals at free-lunch counters, and every saturday night he went home--bedding and all--and took the greater part of his money to the family.
and then she would give it up as a bad job, and put the account-book away, after pretending to crush the lion with it.
do you mean to go and seek your fortune?
but all that i have to say in this way, i have said.
we could do without it by that time.
my aunt, looking very like an immovable chancellor of the exchequer, would occasionally throw in an interruption or two, as hear!
but there was an unbroken night ahead.
i hope your poor horse was not tired, when he got home at night, said dora, lifting up her beautiful eyes.
these forms are more agreeable to the fancy and imagination than fresco paintings or other the most expensive furniture.
we do not wish to look upon the uncharted forest.
and where still other men, in overalls stained like a painter's palette, are knocking off the heads of casks and dipping out of brine still other kinds of fish for inspection.
oh!--would you excuse me asking for a cup more coffee?
if we were always indeed getting our living, and regulating our lives according to the last and best mode we had learned, we should never be troubled with ennui.
in a stage of legal maturity it was suited to the byzantine theory of law as the will of the emperor and of the judge as the emperor's delegate to apply and give effect to that will.
in the meanwhile, you must try to look at it from a new point of view, and not as a schoolboy.
who will venture to settle upon so simple a matter as the best time for work?
it was stupefying, brutalizing work; it left her no time to think, no strength for anything.
i thought of the blue-eyed child who had enchanted me.
for some reason the people refused to get excited over the struggle, and it was almost impossible to get them to come to meetings, or to make any noise when they did come.
in the outermost room were half a dozen exceptional people who had had, for a few years, some vague misgiving in them that things in general were going rather wrong.
when i had ordered everything i wanted, i directed my steps towards pumblechooks, and, as i approached that gentlemans place of business, i saw him standing at his door.
we know not whether they looked at us also, but we think they did.
a most adaptable fellow, this freeman, doing all sorts of work everywhere, and with tremendous powers of assimilation.
there was a heap of old feathery wood-ashes on the hearth.
and he seated himself at the table; the waiter pulled a cork, and he took the bottle and poured three glasses of its contents in succession down his throat.
the man took strong sharp sudden bites, just like the dog.
so he told it, and herbert was as much moved as amazed, and the dear fellow and i were not the worse friends for the long concealment.
it was not long after that--not more than two or three days--when he gave me the first intimation of what i tell you.
they had not been at home many hours, when he presented himself.
before long jurgis would think no more of it than they did in the yards of knocking out a bullock.
it was an agonizing moment, but she sat in the chair, her hands clenched like death, and made a fearful effort, summoning all her powers, and gasped out her purpose.
she has never allowed herself to be seen doing either, since she lived this present life of hers.
miss murdstone made a jail-delivery of her pocket-handkerchief, and held it before her eyes.
at such times as when your sister is on the ram-page, pip, joe sank his voice to a whisper and glanced at the door, candor compels fur to admit that she is a buster.
but i like the fellow, pip; he is one of the true sort.
approach the open door and your nostrils will be greeted by a pungent odor that may make you catch your breath.
but from the standpoint of theoretical logic it must be regarded as a prejudice, not as a well-grounded theory.
that using such a method is natural is apparent as soon as we remember that we think largely in concrete forms, specific cases.
for they were not white tunics, nor white togas; they were of all colors, no two of them alike.
then you ask the next person whom you meet to tell you where the post-office is.
the last supplication but one i make to you, is, that you will believe this of me.
there is no essential distinction between association and habit, and the observations which we made concerning habit as a mnemic phenomenon are equally applicable to association.
to apply this third consideration to our two subjects, the value of a college education and the aeroplane, let us see how the treatment should differ according to the differing readers.
what with sheep-farming, and what with stock-farming, and what with one thing and what with tother, we are as well to do, as well could be.
we rubbed our eyes, for we could not see.
nay, they would not even have treated a beast as they had treated him!
when we came near the churchyard, we had to cross an embankment, and get over a stile near a sluice-gate.
only nineteen is this indian princess--this twentieth century pocahontas--who travels far to the seats of the mighty for her race.
the reason is that objective reference is of the essence of belief, and objective reference is derived from meaning.
i have pointed out some of the negative wastes of competition, answered the other.
i was never unmindful of agnes, and she never left that sanctuary in my thoughts--if i may call it so--where i had placed her from the first.
then i lay the chicken up to cool out overnight.
the last word grated on me; but how could i remonstrate!
if she had never loved me, could i believe that she would love me now?
i was very much depressed in spirits; very solitary; and felt an uneasiness in hams not being there, disproportionate to the occasion.
it cannot be, my child; there is no time there, and no trouble there.
this distinction also is to some extent one of degree.
they tore the clothes from our body, they threw us down upon our knees and they tied our hands to the iron post.
for a woman who cannot understand why her husband wants to be always going on silly fishing trips.
by and by, his door opened and he came out.
but there was a calm, a rest, a virtuous hush, consequent on these examinations of our affairs that gave me, for the time, an admirable opinion of myself.
presently a dark object was seen in it, bearing towards us on the tide.
casement windows opened, crazy doors were unbarred, and people came forth shivering--chilled, as yet, by the new sweet air.
all day long he would crawl around the floor in a filthy little dress, whining and fretting; because the floor was full of drafts he was always catching cold, and snuffling because his nose ran.
i have been very fortunate, i said, and find my name connected with some praise.
there was a trembling upon her, that i can see now.
in this way individual ownership became the normal condition instead of household ownership.
i dont know about bad blood, returned mr. wemmick; theres not much bad blood about.
night after night, i record predictions that never come to pass, professions that are never fulfilled, explanations that are only meant to mystify.
and besides, marija added, i can't do anything.
in that event the several rules must be interpreted in order that intelligent selection may be made.
statistics and recipes may also be given in tabular form.
miss trotwood, said miss clarissa, mentioned in mr. copperfields letter, will perhaps call upon us.
mr. wopsle dropped in to ask what was the matter (surmising that a convict had been taken), but came running out in a great hurry.
so, too, we like to know how others feel and think.
it is only the microscopic equations that are supposed to be the same for all sorts of matter.
i gives her a kiss, and i says no more to her than, my dear, youre right to speak out, youre to choose for yourself, youre as free as a little bird.
still his quality is not wisdom, but prudence.
she and the two youngest slept in the only bed, and the other three had a mattress on the floor.
as james states, there is no difference, from the point of view of the outside observer, between voluntary and reflex movements.
and gradually from week to week the character of each tree came out, and it admired itself reflected in the smooth mirror of the lake.
they say that characters were engraven on the bathing tub of king tching-thang to this effect: renew thyself completely each day; do it again, and again, and forever again.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
he answered cheerily, trust to me, dear boy, and sat like a statue.
surely, i had seen exactly such eyes and such hands on a memorable occasion very lately!
oh, father tucker, worshiper of liberty, where shall we find a land where the thinking and moralizing can be done without division of labor?
in the twilight and the night the rabbits came regularly and made a hearty meal.
what i suffered from, was the incompatibility between his cold presence and my feelings towards estella.
when he was freshest and truest, he loved me.
scarcely a day passes, i assure mr. traddles, on which some paroxysm does not take place.
jurgis was determined that teta elzbieta should stay at home to keep house, and that ona should help her.
thus it is possible, sometimes, to establish a correlation by similarity between a great many of the things of one perspective, and a great many of the things of another.
there was fault because there was liability, for all liability grew out of fault.
our family; our honourable family, whose honour is of so much account to both of us, in such different ways.
it should be very beneficial to a man in your practice at the bar, to be ashamed of anything, returned sydney; you ought to be much obliged to me.
how worn and dusty, then, must be the highways of the world, how deep the ruts of tradition and conformity!
the air among the houses was of so strong a piscatory flavour that one might have supposed sick fish went up to be dipped in it, as sick people went down to be dipped in the sea.
it was as if god, in reparation for the wrongs inflicted by whites, had given us the riches of the earth.
he swallowed slowly, tilting up the bottle by little and little, and now he looked at me no more.
people who could lay hold of nothing else, set themselves with bleeding hands to force stones and bricks out of their places in walls.
it is a strenuous task for him and consumes many minutes.
an' not a cent more till the first--hic--guv'ner's orders--hic--not a cent, by harry!
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
in whatever occupation she was engaged, however interesting to her the conversation in which she was taking part, a donkey turned the current of her ideas in a moment, and she was upon him straight.
he is the inventor of the brennan steerable torpedo, whose adoption by the admiralty made him rich and rendered possible the long years of study and experiment that went to the making of the mono-rail car.
once more we must build rather than merely improve; we must create rather than merely order and systematize and logically reconcile details.
that she should hope i would go, that she should think it possible i could go, was insupportable.
he said, gripping me tight, it do my art good to see you, sir.
what was scarcely less astonishing to me, was, that his affairs were in a most disordered state.
when jurgis lifted up the mattress he discovered beneath it a layer of scurrying roaches, almost as badly frightened as himself.
said i. mr. micawber, who had been helping us all, out of the wash-hand-stand jug, replied: to canterbury.
the business man who has something to sell must have something useful to sell, and he must talk about it from the point of view of the people to whom he wants to sell his goods.
if men would steadily observe realities only, and not allow themselves to be deluded, life, to compare it with such things as we know, would be like a fairy tale and the arabian nights entertainments.
one might go down to this floor and see the pickling rooms, where the hams were put into vats, and the great smoke rooms, with their airtight iron doors.
but there i was; and soon i was at our house, where the bare old elm-trees wrung their many hands in the bleak wintry air, and shreds of the old rooks-nests drifted away upon the wind.
when it ceases to possess individuality.
so we walked to the home of the street sweepers.
indicate other practical root principles beside the one mentioned which a theme on any of the following subjects might well try to express.
every motion of an oar or an insect produces a flash of light; and if an oar falls, how sweet the echo!
when i went to get a pail of water early in the morning i frequently saw this stately bird sailing out of my cove within a few rods.
i had leisure to entertain the retort in my mind, while he slowly lifted his heavy glance from the pavement, up my legs and arms, to my face.
we have the saint vitus dance, and cannot possibly keep our heads still.
yet i dared not express my anxiety, lest it should give her offence.
also, by a telescoped process, words come in time to produce directly the effects which would have been produced by the images with which they were associated.
his difficulty at the guard-house in this small place had been such, that he felt his journey to have come to a crisis.
there are no limits to its secrets and its might, and it can be made to grant us anything if we but choose to ask.
when they had speared out all they could reach, they emptied the vat on the floor, and then with shovels scraped up the balance and dumped it into the truck.
this widespread interest in others affords to the writer of special articles one of his greatest opportunities, not only for preparing interesting stories, but for arousing readers to support many a good cause.
looking back over the developments that led to gigantic contributions to our civilization, one cannot fail to be struck by the coordination of events.
its extraordinarily legal and formal, said i. i dont think i ever saw such a stiff hand.
the conditions seem to be present even under the most unlikely externals.
then, the two nurses left the room, and had a lively scuffle on the staircase with a dissipated page who had waited at dinner, and who had clearly lost half his buttons at the gaming-table.
as to originating a banking-business, i may know that there are members of my family who, if they chose to place their money in mr. micawbers hands, might found an establishment of that description.
everything seemed, to my imagination, to be hushed in reverence for him, as he resumed his solitary journey through the snow.
the fifteen-and twenty-cent magazine is a menace to american life in that its fiction grossly distorts the facts of life.
if the transaction is executed, revocation would involve aggression upon the substance of another.
and we know how you can do things, america.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
were you travelling alone, mr. lorry, or with any companion?
it was dark in the morning, when i got upon the coach at the inn door.
then, they are the more insolent, and it is the nearer ended.
laundry work, scrubbing, and dishwashing have a low economic value.
thus all our habitual knowledge consists of acquired habits, and comes under the head of mnemic phenomena.
have you got the price of a pint of beer about you?
the prisoner looked up, at each question.
while he was putting up the other cast and coming down from the chair, the thought crossed my mind that all his personal jewelry was derived from like sources.
in the second place, images without beliefs are insufficient to constitute memory; and habits are still more insufficient.
thus the lessons of my life have been perverted!
ease, fluency, and originality of diction, either natural or acquired, the writer must possess if his work is to have distinction.
the rapid reader cannot stop to refer to the dictionary for words that he does not know.
when one of em says to another, he was a convict, a few year ago, and is a ignorant common fellow now, for all hes lucky, what do i say?
still looking at me, agnes shook her head while i was speaking, with a faint smile at my warmth: and then replied: you remember our last conversation about papa?
but the wealthy (that is, those who had two francs) made up for the poor (that is, those who had two sous).
the inhabitants of port middlebay may at least aspire to watch it, with delight, with entertainment, with instruction!
so dr. holmes grew into a unitarian and proceeded to cultivate the descent which lies outside paradise.
now, this system of payment and method of reducing the debt continues until the mortgage has been lifted by a gradual process.
you would relate the novel to the whole movement of sentimentalism, which thought that it believed the savage more noble than civilized man, and you would then, and only then, get a proper perspective.
he is not deceived by the pomp and circumstance in the midst of which it has been his lot to live, for he has no illusions.
it could not be otherwise, said the prisoner.
heres the cook lying insensibly drunk on the kitchen floor, with a large bundle of fresh butter made up in the cupboard ready to sell for grease!
it is modest and retiring, it lies in ambush, waits and waits.
it was like coming suddenly upon some wild sight of nature--a mountain forest lashed by a tempest, a ship tossed about upon a stormy sea.
and it was all perfectly regular--there were no tricks about it of any sort?
i have never, but in your presence, interchanged a word with him from that time; then, only when it has been necessary for the avoidance of this explanation.
if he had had any particle of doubt left, her talk would of necessity have resolved it; but he was by that time clear-headed, and had none.
creating the works from print editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
there was no bringing order out of such a chaos, jurgis soon discovered; and he fell in with the spirit of the thing--there was no reason why he should wear himself out with shouting.
d'aulnais is the name of his mother's family.
i shall deal with the three questions successively.
the pen thinks for you; and so does the scythe mow for you if you treat it honorably and in a manner that makes it recognize its service.
the scholarly atmosphere of a university.
in contrast with longer statements, it also serves as a convenient transition sentence.
i am glad to have the chance of bidding you good-bye, mr. wemmick, said the man, stretching out his hand between two bars.
herbert, i shall always need you, because i shall always love you; but my need is no greater now than at another time.
this is a useful method, and in complicated lives it is sometimes the only method that is reasonably easy to handle.
some way behind came an old hound and her three pups in full pursuit, hunting on their own account, and disappeared again in the woods.
no, dont be hurt, she pleaded quite pathetically; let only me be hurt, if i have been ungenerous.
thus the animal's reflex and voluntary performances shade into each other gradually, being connected by acts which may often occur automatically, but may also be modified by conscious intelligence.
it made me start as much as if it had been the knock of a footman to a person of distinction.
the probability of his ever doing so, appeared to me, when i saw him, to be very small.
god is only the president of the day, and webster is his orator.
many of the associations were dickering for additional space for packing and for extensions for their refrigerator service.
within a single year all this was changed.
for the higher imaginative flights we reserve our verse.
i cannot attain it; i can but wonder what the hockey players win one-half so precious as the stuff they miss.
can you, of all the people who love her, bear to see her so?
i am quite certain that i ate my breakfast this morning, but if i were as indifferent to my breakfast as a philosopher should be, i should be doubtful.
my dear agnes, i began, if you mean steerforth-- i do, trotwood, she returned.
but, save her from this disgrace, and she shall never be disgraced by us.
here were all the inmates of the jail crowded together.
a periodical may encourage its readers to send in short articles giving their own experiences and explaining how to do something in which they have become skilled.
this central organ should have a right to know all that is done, and its special duty should be that of making the knowledge acquired in one place available for others.
jaggers, interposed miss havisham, much to my relief, leave my pip alone, and go with him to your dinner.
theres something worth spending in that there book, dear boy.
his business is to hide, not to display, his lack of interest in fripperies.
but if the financial return is adequate there will naturally be some compensation for all these pinpricks.
wholesome for me, wholesome for agnes, wholesome perhaps for all of us.
we have been here, said mrs. micawber, three days.
you are the best of creatures--no, i beg your pardon!
what would present company say to ten pound?
he sat placidly perusing the newspaper, with his little head on one side, and a glass of warm sherry negus at his elbow.
tamoszius was simply another of the grumblers.
thus there is immediate knowledge concerning universals as well as concerning sense-data.
i have visited two such bottomless ponds in one walk in this neighborhood.
how far apart, think you, dwell the two most distant inhabitants of yonder star, the breadth of whose disk cannot be appreciated by our instruments?
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
it constitutes the permanent contribution of rome to legal philosophy.
it's plain enough, i should think, why he may be.
of the pair of hired post-horses being ready, and of doras going away to change her dress.
you stay here to lunch--i'll have something up in the room.
most people and animals find it essential to their happiness to spend a good deal of their time in familiar surroundings, which are especially comforting when any danger threatens.
they were overclouded again, they were fainter, they were gone; but they had been there.
the common american doctrine as to cattle running at large upon uncultivated lands seemed to confirm this.
said my host, with much diminished interest.
for many years, as you may have noticed, the majority of the inhabitants of the earth were old.
i look down on the line of boys below me, with a condescending interest in such of them as bring to my mind the boy i was myself, when i first came there.
i hope you may be able to think so well of me, as to urge no influence against me.
and yet i think-- and there he shook his head, and stopped.
the street in front of the house was unpaved and unlighted, and the view from it consisted of a few exactly similar houses, scattered here and there upon lots grown up with dingy brown weeds.
the above principle is merely one of a certain number of self-evident logical principles.
men and women were standing up, waving handkerchiefs, shouting, yelling.
there were periodical occasions when mr. jaggers and wemmick went over the office accounts, and checked off the vouchers, and put all things straight.
the early sun was striking edgewise on its gables and lattice-windows, touching them with gold; and some beams of its old peace seemed to touch my heart.
and o the long, long night, with no return of her father and no tidings!
for my part i am unable to attach as much importance to this work as many psychologists do.
they had to be moved by men with crowbars, and the boss here could use another man.
receiving no answer, he tore his hair, and beat his feet upon the ground, like a distracted child.
we informed madame, solange, paul, michael, in fact, the whole village, that we had never been a wanderer and that we longed for our indiana home.
today, the golden one stopped suddenly and said: we love you.
mrs. strong was just coming out of the garden, where mr. dick yet lingered, busy with his knife, helping the gardener to point some stakes.
poor journeymen players of the royal game!
her triumph in this connexion with my work, and her delight when i wanted a new pen--which i very often feigned to do--suggested to me a new way of pleasing my child-wife.
but in everything else our substitutions stand: gardening for golf; picnics for roadhouse dinners; simple food, simple clothing, simple hospitality, books, a fire, and a game of chess on winter nights.
i guess you realize it now when it's too late.
and worse yet, the boys were getting out of the habit of coming home at night.
talent, mr. micawber has; capital, mr. micawber has not.
he waited long, long; and at last, when he was sure that he was no longer watched, he stole a glance out of the corner of his eyes at the woman who sat beside him.
it was the biggest clubhouse, and the biggest club, in all chicago; and they had prizefights every now and then, and cockfights and even dogfights.
this may be to judge my neighbors harshly; for i believe that most of them are not aware that they have such an institution as the jail in their village.
escaping all of the thousand and one accidents that may befall, he soon rises and hums away seeking whom he may devour.
if willie and susie escape with only kicked shins, they may count luck benevolent.
i may say at this distance of time, trot, that i left him generously.
we were to work two hours every morning, and two or three hours every night, except on saturdays, when i was to rest.
then he delivered to the escort, drunk and sober, a receipt for the escorted, and requested him to dismount.
in short, while there is anything expected of him, while there are spectators to be fooled, the stratagems of the fellow prove inexhaustible.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
as a boy he lived in philadelphia and germantown (do you know germantown?
mine, perhaps you recollect, said traddles, with a serious look, lives down in devonshire--one of ten.
it was all brand-new, so the agent told them, but he talked so incessantly that they were quite confused, and did not have time to ask many questions.
we can know the properties of the relations required to preserve the correspondence with sense-data, but we cannot know the nature of the terms between which the relations hold.
how can a man be a philosopher and not maintain his vital heat by better methods than other men?
on the tenth morning of his suspense, he was startled by the shining of the sun into the room where a heavy slumber had overtaken him when it was dark night.
by and by, when we had dined in a sumptuous manner off boiled dabs, melted butter, and potatoes, with a chop for me, a hairy man with a very good-natured face came home.
he might try it, if he chose, as hundreds had tried it, and found out for themselves.
the mender of roads, blue cap in hand, wiped his swarthy forehead with it, and said, where shall i commence, monsieur?
on that understanding, said my aunt, though it doesnt lessen the real obligation, i shall be very glad to leave him.
oh yes, i replied; i had a good memory, and i believed i recollected them very well.
people like to be above you, says father, keep yourself down.
the rest of the crowd was watching them, and so marija got up and came closer to him.
the student must be allowed full freedom in his work, undisturbed by the utilitarian spirit of the philistine, who cries, cui bono?
as a matter of fact, such sequences as were sought by believers in the traditional form of causation have not so far been found in nature.
& that no murners walk behind me at my funeral.
we know but few men, a great many coats and breeches.
money spent for good photographs is usually money well spent.
i think we may safely put it down at that.
mr. sharp and mr. mell were both notable personages in my eyes; but steerforth was to them what the sun was to two stars.
both flourishing thankye, said wemmick, and particularly the aged.
i have seen her married to a man who knew nothing of my fate.
i saw, by the thin light from the window, the smoke of a discarded cigarette curling up and up to the ceiling like a snake.
i had first seen him when i sent for him to lay this place waste for me; having read of him in the newspapers, before i and the world parted.
the theory necessarily reflects the institution which it was devised to rationalize, even though stated universally.
cheering, indiscriminate noise making, even singing the college song with gusto at athletic games--none of these will stamp a man as necessarily loyal.
those who have seen an irish house in the present day can fancy that one at lissoy.
on another occasion we see another member of the series, but it is sufficiently similar to count as the same from the standpoint of common sense.
because that's the way we see them on parade.
this took me to the study, where i saw a light.
the forlorn smile with which she said it, so touched him, that tears started from his eyes.
so the hollows about this pond will, sometimes, in the winter, be filled with a greenish water somewhat like its own, but the next day will have frozen blue.
as they come under one horizon, they shout their warning to get off the track to the other, heard sometimes through the circles of two towns.
he nodded when i said the subject was painful to me, clapped me on the back, put round the wine again, and went on with his dinner.
the last two classes are often interchangeable.
we are young and inexperienced, aunt, i know, i replied; and i dare say we say and think a good deal that is rather foolish.
time is but the stream i go a-fishing in.
well, well, said the old clerk; we all have our various ways of gaining a livelihood.
but such objects, as well as the particles of physics, are not data.
the law forbade sunday drinking; and this had delivered the saloon-keepers into the hands of the police, and made an alliance between them necessary.
she was not kneeling now, but was down upon the ground.
only gradually, as the day wears on and his temperature rises, does he become endurable to himself and to others.
thus atomic facts are what determine whether atomic propositions are to be asserted or denied.
incantation (means of salvation; curiosity).
i am done with the monster of we, the word of serfdom, of plunder, of misery, falsehood and shame.
i do not possess the kind of information necessary; i do not possess the kind of intelligence; i want guiding.
i thought of myself, lying here, when that first great change was being wrought at home.
hereupon startop took him in hand, though with a much better grace than i had shown, and exhorted him to be a little more agreeable.
he did not see elzbieta, crouching terrified in the corner.
sometimes, in the haste of speeding-up, they would dump one of the animals out on the floor before it was fully stunned, and it would get upon its feet and run amuck.
if it passed to me from you, to-morrow-- which i have the vanity to hope is not probable.
books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations.
mr. wickfield, sorely troubled and distressed, was leaning forward, irresolutely touching the doctors arm.
she put her left arm across the head of her stick, and softly laid her forehead on it.
many of them have no preconceived idea even of what they want to do, to say nothing of what they ought to do.
and why was it necessary to make us unhappy if they didn't have a cup of tea?
until i have some touchstone, some applicable standard, i cannot tell whether material is valuable or not.
this suggestion, however, need not be gravely argued.
the idea of dressing ones self, or doing anything in the way of action, in that state of love, was a little too ridiculous.
and a person's taste is as much his own peculiar concern as his opinion or his purse.
now, i have been thinking that perhaps, as they dont want you here at present, you might be let to go along with me.
i see her grown up--gentlmen--like a flower.
shall i do well, in the mean time, to show myself?
this man has been with the bureau three years.
yet it cannot be denied that some valuable books are partially insane; some, mostly religious, partially inhuman; and very many tainted with morbidity and impotence.
the face he turned up to the troubled sky, the quivering of his clasped hands, the agony of his figure, remain associated with the lonely waste, in my remembrance, to this hour.
once again, as when he had come out of the hospital, he was bound hand and foot, and facing the grisly phantom of starvation.
the doctor, walking up and down with his hand on my shoulder, and his kind face turned encouragingly to mine, went on: now, my dear copperfield, in reference to this proposal of yours.
as i went up to my airy old room, the grave shadow of the staircase seemed to fall upon my doubts and fears, and to make the past more indistinct.
had the writer merely uttered general impressions of the diplomacy of our ambassador we who read should have been comparatively unhelped.
my love, said i, it is very painful to me to think that our want of system and management, involves not only ourselves (which we have got used to), but other people.
he has a touch of the rich man's complacency; it does not go ill with his kindly good humor and his single-hearted pride in his life work.
monseigneur, there are so many little heaps of poor grass?
this cannot well be gainsaid by anybody who does not believe that the world has already attained perfection in all its ways and practices.
madam, returned mr. micawber, i wish i had had the honour of knowing you at an earlier period.
so i said, in a graver manner than any of us had yet assumed: she is as virtuous as she is pretty.
he looked it out from a handful of small change, folded it in some crumpled paper, and gave it to me.
his application tells us what kinds of work he can do and has done in other shops.
mr. mell never said much to me, but he was never harsh to me.
if the republic demands sacrifices from you, without doubt you as a good patriot will be happy to make them.
growler pat had given up holding city offices very early in his career--caring only for party power, and giving the rest of his time to superintending his dives and brothels.
and then leave blank verse patiently alone until you have experienced emotion deep enough to crave for poetic expression, at which point verse will seem an absolutely natural and real form of speech to you.
human nature being radically corrupt, there is no redemption for any one until human nature is killed within him.
to determine the depth and character of the rock, fifteen vertical holes were drilled from the surface of the river, and two inclined holes, of different degrees of inclination, were driven from each shore.
we may believe that this is the case, but if we do, our belief is based upon analogies and general scientific maxims, not upon any foundation of detailed observation.
but in this case it was only necessary to admit relations of two terms.
it is a good or bad conductor of electricity according to the intensity of the light that falls upon it, and its response to variations of illumination is virtually instantaneous.
it had been his own idea to wear that touch of powder, and i had conceded the powder after overcoming the shorts.
and even in packingtown they had not forgotten it--some gleam of it had never failed to break their darkness.
--and beneath him too, pursued uriah, very distinctly, and in a meditative tone of voice, as he continued to scrape his chin.
wherein does their worth consist?
he was a retired--what do you call it!--draper--cloth-merchant--and had made me his heir.
it is ripe fruit of the supreme imagination, perfect craft of the master hand.
the moment he succeeded, he came over to me (breathing sherry and crumbs), and said in a subdued voice, may i, dear sir?
come 'long ole chappie, said the other, and jurgis started toward him.
there is no change in my affection, admiration, and respect.
in so far as the writer succeeds in stirring us, in just so far he is more likely to make the truth take hold upon us and bind us firmly in its grasp.
a very poor man, indeed i am, said mr. barkis.
but then, as herbert changed the bandages, more by the light of the fire than by the outer light, he went back to it spontaneously.
her mind pursued them, looking for him among the condemned; and then she clung closer to his real presence and trembled more.
the uncontrollable and hopeless mass of decomposition so engendered, would have polluted the air, even if poverty and deprivation had not loaded it with their intangible impurities; the two bad sources combined made it almost insupportable.
and so you think you were formed for one another, and are to go through a party-supper-table kind of life, like two pretty pieces of confectionery, do you, trot?
their physique is feminine; they are fanciful, dainty, reserved; they are literose, sophisticated in craftsmanship, but innocently unaware of the profound agitations of american life, of life everywhere.
a discussion of fundamental problems of jurisprudence from the darwinian standpoint.
you achieved distinction, you know, when you were with us.
doctor manette, i knew she was from home.
but i felt it quite an affront to be supposed proud, and said i only wanted to be asked.
my sister catching him in the act, he drew the back of his hand across his nose with his usual conciliatory air on such occasions, and looked at her.
they both arrived at their logical results by an analysis of mathematics.
i--i had to go to--to the store, she gasped, almost in a whisper, i had to go-- you are lying to me, said jurgis.
she asked this question, still without looking at me, but in an unwonted tone of sympathy.
and stanislovas took it, and after a little more hesitation, started for the door.
thinking is easy enough, said the grave lady.
local cook county, as the city organization was called, had eighty branch locals, and it alone was spending several thousand dollars in the campaign.
she talks such nonsense about its being necessary for the day to be aired, before i come out.
there they reared two sons until they required better school facilities, when they went to rensselaer, also in ralls county, but nearer hannibal.
a collar is placed on the drill to prevent its entering the cylinder.
his house was not far off; and as the street door opened into the sitting-room, and he bolted in with a precipitation quite his own, we found ourselves at once in the bosom of the family.
he sat up and stretched his arms, and then gazed at the water sliding by.
the two opposing kinds of pride confronting one another, i can see, even in this bastille; the gentleman's, all negligent indifference; the peasant's, all trodden-down sentiment, and passionate revenge.
the whole tendency of psycho-analysis is to trust the outside observer rather than the testimony of introspection.
the day is hot, they said, and you have worked for many hours and you must be weary.
what the doctrine is, and why it is not destructive, i will try briefly to explain.
he is no longer free; but is thenceforth in a position which has no longer the presumption in its favour, that would be afforded by his voluntarily remaining in it.
before she spoke again, she turned her eyes from me, and looked at the dress she wore, and at the dressing-table, and finally at herself in the looking-glass.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
i then went from shop to shop, making such purchases as were necessary to the change in his appearance.
i first become aware of myself down in essex, a thieving turnips for my living.
where was this childs sister, betsey trotwood?
never, bright flame, may be denied to me thy dear, life imaging, close sympathy.
the peaks were red and brown, with the green streaks of forests as veins upon them, with blue mists as veils over their heads.
herbert would also take a sheet of paper, and write across it with similar formalities, memorandum of herberts debts.
my grand-nephew, that is to say, observed my aunt.
my old dear bedroom was changed, and i was to lie a long way off.
i shut my eyes, and call up a visual image of a friend sitting in the arm-chair.
i conclude therefore that the test of liveliness, however applicable in ordinary instances, cannot be used to define the differences between sensations and images.
but her work took her seldom into the region of taxicabs and fashionable shops.
who would take this hog into his arms and comfort him, reward him for his work well done, and show him the meaning of his sacrifice?
i aint here for harm, young master, i suppose?
the symbol of an ancient mans thought becomes a modern mans speech.
she came down from her bed, to look at him in his sleep that night.
having no positive theory of creative lawmaking, the last century was little conscious of requiring or holding a theory as to the end of law.
it yielded so suddenly at last, that he staggered back upon me, and i staggered back upon the opposite door, and we both laughed.
she formerly kept two maids, a cook-laundress, and a waitress-chambermaid.
one other little circumstance connected with miss dartle i must not omit; for i had reason to remember it thereafter, when all the irremediable past was rendered plain.
when they came away, arm in arm, jurgis was saying, tomorrow i shall go there and get a job!
but the jailer said, come, boys, it is time to lock up; and so they dispersed, and i heard the sound of their steps returning into the hollow apartments.
he went and got his pay and his tools, which he left in a pawnshop for fifty cents.
yes, master, and ive never been in it much.
readers like to feel that they are getting the latest facts and the newest ideas, in special feature articles as well as in the news.
now you mention it, copperfield, i shouldnt wonder at all.
how much have i to be thankful for, in that!
it has gradually augmented, until it assumes the appearance of aberration of intellect.
a very little nonadhesion to common affairs, a little reserve of unconcern, and the gay spirit of sacrifice, provide the moral immunity which is the only real estate.
no one can suspect that captain mahan means to do anything in public or private relations that he does not consider absolutely just.
the notion that it is one man's duty that another should be religious, was the foundation of all the religious persecutions ever perpetrated, and if admitted, would fully justify them.
compare the two lists and determine how many members of the second list need to be included to make an expository account intelligible.
the prisoner was so good as to beg permission to advise me how i could shelter my father from the wind and weather, better than i had done.
so within half an hour he was at work, far underneath the streets of the city.
before i had done i was more the friend than the foe of the pine tree, though i had cut down some of them, having become better acquainted with it.
she whispers, as she holds me in her arms.
when we consider either the history of opinion, or the ordinary conduct of human life, to what is it to be ascribed that the one and the other are no worse than they are?
moreover, the american is above all things emotional and--may i say it?--sentimental.
the only remark i ever heard him make on your story, was the final one, the thing is settled and done, or mr. jaggers would not be in it.
she had never been quite at her ease with him, and received him with some little embarrassment as he seated himself near her table.
and miss estellathats her niece, i thinkhanded her in cake and wine at the coach-window, on a gold plate.
it would mean a favorable first impression and open the way to show samples and make a sales talk.
the reader, then, needs complete sentences.
two of the men had to help him to the car, and when he got out he had to sit down and wait in the snow till some one came along.
i have been thinking that he will most likely propose that one, on the way home.
returned miss mowcher, waddling up to me, bag in hand, and laughing on me as she came.
but i think the bulk of the evidence points to the materialistic answer as the more probable.
i beat the prison dust off my feet as i sauntered to and fro, and i shook it out of my dress, and i exhaled its air from my lungs.
i shall do well enough, and so will my husband.
whenever the writer is in doubt as to whether or not his readers will understand a certain term, the safest course is to explain it or to substitute one that is sure to be understood.
and here the herr doctor relapsed into silence again.
she seemed a little surprised that i should know it, but again replied, quite true.
we are often reminded that if there were bestowed on us the wealth of crsus, our aims must still be the same, and our means essentially the same.
these were the surroundings among which i settled down, and applied myself to my education.
what his thoughts were on the subject, or what his observation was, i am as unable to explain, as i dare say he would have been to assist me in the task.
if scully was the thumb, pat callahan was the first finger of the unseen hand whereby the packers held down the people of the district.
and we wished to be hungry again and soon, that we might know again this strange new pride in eating.
i'd take ye in, only i've come a long ways an' i'm loaded heavy.
but mr. spenlow argued the matter with me.
yes, said my aunt, with a grave look, and her forefinger held up.
this is one of the most difficult parts of drawing; one is never quite sure where the eye goes.
i gave him mine, and then he drank, and drew his sleeve across his eyes and forehead.
an elderly woman, whom i had seen before as one of the servants who lived in the supplementary house across the back courtyard, opened the gate.
either orlick, or the strange man who had shown me the file.
he had been at his books when i had found myself staring at him, and i now saw that he was inky.
he mentioned the approaching visit to the great humorist and mark twain promptly sat down and wrote mrs. frazer that she must be a guest also at stormfield, his redding estate.
from the first she planned to plug the leakage of farm profits in middlemen's commissions.
this is the reason for the definitions we have adopted, and this is the source of the apparent paradoxes.
not seeing any ducks, he hid his boat on the north or back side of an island in the pond, and then concealed himself in the bushes on the south side, to await them.
similarly dynamite may be exploded, thereby displaying its characteristic properties, or may (with due precautions) be carted about like any other mineral.
thus the objective reference of a belief is not determined by the fact alone, but by the direction of the belief towards or away from the fact.
i did respect the saints, but i could not help seeing that most of them were a little bit stupid, and that mischief was much more fun than piety.
the same remark might be made of englishmen in a far greater degree.
this was a great event to the latter--the daily review of the new arrivals, all stark naked, and many and diverting were the comments.
if a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
we don't want things that cost us too much.
surely, the long unreal ride some progress of disease that had brought him to these gloomy shades!
this is a most stimulating form of writing.
now and then kotrina would find time to sob over his woes, but for the greater part of the time he had to be left alone, barricaded upon the bed.
it is reptile and sensual, and perhaps cannot be wholly expelled; like the worms which, even in life and health, occupy our bodies.
we could advance arguments, verifiable by future experience, to prove the antiquity of the manuscript from its texture, colour, etc.
one danger from this method is lack of completeness; great practical value attaches here to the caution to be sure that the definition includes all that properly belongs under it.
he told me he would--we would all of us lose our places.
the instrument for enforcing the law could be no other than public examinations, extending to all children, and beginning at an early age.
that was all right, then; no tedious formality of securing signed permission from parent or guardian was necessary.
don't talk to me of your archimedes' lever.
under the direction of one of the grizzled autocrats he first comes in contact with actual patrons--comes to know their personalities and their peculiarities.
and then, to cap the climax, the floor boss would come rushing up with a rifle and begin blazing away!
i saw him set it down, look at the picture she was so like, put his hand to his forehead, and shrink back in his elbow-chair.
he was close behind me when i went downstairs.
herbert was there, and startop was there; but our boat was gone, and the two convicts were gone.
i was up with the dull dawn, and, having dressed as quietly as i could, looked into his room.
it numbered thirty million of adherents, and it cast eight million votes.
no ceremony, he stipulated, and no dinner dress, and say to-morrow.
if he ever does, it is when a woman tells him that she loves him.
all day long she had been in a state of wonderful exaltation; and now it was leaving--and she would not let it go.
few good days passed in which gawaine failed to get a dragon.
we should have said pray do not invite us, at any time; and all possibility of misunderstanding would have been avoided.
the tremendous sea itself, when i could find sufficient pause to look at it, in the agitation of the blinding wind, the flying stones and sand, and the awful noise, confounded me.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
at her chair, as usual, was rosa dartle.
such is the fact, certainly, said defarge.
his hands released her as he uttered this cry, and went up to his white hair, which they tore in a frenzy.
the nine young men were congratulating one man of the group on the explosion when an irate farmer ran up, yelling that every window in his farmhouse, nearly a mile away, had been shattered.
books must be read as deliberately and reservedly as they were written.
they were strengthened into certainty when i beheld the aged enter at a side door, escorting a lady.
they are a part of the truth; sometimes a greater, sometimes a smaller part, but exaggerated, distorted, and disjoined from the truths by which they ought to be accompanied and limited.
the accuracy of these recitals was sufficiently obvious to me, to give me great confidence in joes information.
if you come to prosperous, you are prosperous, said mr. lorry.
it warnt easy, pip, for me to leave them parts, nor yet it warnt safe.
but a few of them deserve to be mentioned.
the educational scheme or course established by mr. wopsles great-aunt may be resolved into the following synopsis.
that's true, mr. lorry acknowledged, with his troubled hand at his chin, and his troubled eyes on carton.
i shall not go to bed till night; but i want a bedroom, and a barber.
but the first question was one of the wants to be recognized--of the interests to be recognized and secured.
you are not gone mad, after all, mr. wickfield, i hope?
they had not allowed for variations in capacity where pumps were installed under many different conditions and run by different men.
said the off-hand sergeant, as its on his majestys service.
we may also omit the cases in which both images and words occur in the content of a belief.
she joined the congregational church without consulting her parents; not particularly for her soul's good.
we will not do the authors and abettors of the rule the injury of supposing, that the conception which they have formed of christian virtue is drawn from their own consciousness.
the annealing process takes place in a long, brick tunnel, heated at one end, and gradually cooling to atmospheric temperature at the other.
am i right in so understanding what you have told me, as that he never referred to her, directly or indirectly, in any way?
and what was a poor professor doing at newport?
mr. wickfield, left to agnes, soon became more like his former self; though there was a settled depression upon him, which he never shook off.
we must therefore, if possible, find, in our own purely private experiences, characteristics which show, or tend to show, that there are in the world things other than ourselves and our private experiences.
i do not mean that the feelings with which a person is regarded by others, ought not to be in any way affected by his self-regarding qualities or deficiencies.
we are quite a french house, as well as an english one.
so, they plied their oars once more, and i looked out for anything like a house.
what is my wisdom, if even the fools can dictate to me?
if a cause is analogous to a volition, outside causes will be analogous to an alien will, and acts predictable from outside causes will be subject to compulsion.
my name is defarge, and i keep a wine-shop in the quarter saint antoine.
i am not frightened for myself, my father.
she took her home, said mr. peggotty, covering his face.
for this purpose you will find the greatest help in the device of ascertaining what the root principle is, the fundamental notion or purpose of the subject that you are explaining.
here and there, especially at first, the inundation started on them and swept by; but when they had done descending, and were winding and climbing up a tower, they were alone.
the nature of my relations with her, which placed me on terms of familiarity without placing me on terms of favor, conduced to my distraction.
neither clock nor weather-glass is ever right; but we believe in both, devoutly.
for honour and power, are equally operative and equally liable to concealment.
they tell us to search in our own minds and hearts for laws of conduct binding on ourselves and on all others.
when the class read, and it came my turn, my voice shook and the book trembled in my hands.
his partner having prepared me for that, i was less surprised than he thought.
after a few historical quotations, he comes to two modern defenders of introspection, stout and james.
i guard my treasures: my thought, my will, my freedom.
stop a minute, though, he said, wheeling round before we had gone many paces.
this brings us to the question of the nature of discomfort and pleasure.
so quick was the tribunal to compensate itself and the nation for a chance lost, that these five came down to him before he left the place, condemned to die within twenty-four hours.
in that case, the captain must be elected by lot; but the moment he assumes his authority, that authority makes him at once literally the ablest man in the boat.
she has worn herself away by constant sharpening.
it may take various forms as, for example, it may state in essence how the machine or process works, is operated, or what it is for, or of what it consists.
and whats going to be undertook for that unfortunate young woman, martha, now?
all about it was so very quiet, that i said to mr. mell i supposed the boys were out; but he seemed surprised at my not knowing that it was holiday-time.
peace and prosperity will endure in the world in some very precise relation to the extent to which england succeeds in understanding us.
he shall see to the boat being fresh named.
nor was it much better by the carriage road from bristers hill.
said the doctor of beauvais, raising his hand towards the moon.
they were divided in their opinions about it.
that his wicked spirit had somehow sent these messengers to mine, and that now on this stormy night he was as good as his word, and with me.
a writer, however, must guard against exaggeration and the use of fictitious details.
i felt as if her shadow were absolutely upon us, when the galley hailed us.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
the merlin it seemed to me it might be called: but i care not for its name.
i had plenty to think of, therefore, besides my mind running continually on the kind of place i was going to--which was an awful speculation.
both traddles and i applauded it highly.
these are mere business relations, miss; there is no friendship in them, no particular interest, nothing like sentiment.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
i make this little preface, because you once mentioned the young lady to me in slighting terms.
the bartender, to whom they had tipped the wink, had the cellar door open for them, and they vanished, making their way by a secret entrance to a brothel next door.
my fellow-man and myself are no longer on those glorious terms!
but he said he had observed i was sometimes hoarse--a little roopy was his exact expression--and it should be, every drop, devoted to the purpose he had mentioned.
he would not despise him, tramp as he was!
the style of an article needs to be adapted both to the readers and to the subject.
closer investigation of facts behind the curve revealed an unusual growth in sugar hauling, due to the increase in supply and removal of consumer war restrictions.
rich in every gentle quality that makes life endeared, his books are the most sagacious and helpful of modern writings for the young student.
some power unknown to men was making it move.
whether you read or listen, you will need to make notes.
a man must find his occasions in himself, it is true.
you know you knew what i meant, copperfield.
said i. mr. copperfull, said mrs. crupp, with a great deal of feeling, im a mother myself.
is it worth being tried for one's life, to be the object of such sympathy and compassion, mr. darnay?
and if you can do it with him--why, i conceitedly thought it quite a distinction.
well, sir, there were violent quarrels at first, i assure you, said mr. chillip; but she is quite a shadow now.
not on any account, returned herbert; but a public-house may keep a gentleman.
in reality, they are as unmethodical as possible; they possess none of the special features by which we distinguish the introspections of experimental psychology from the casual introspections of everyday life.
said mr. quinion, looking at us both, i thought.
perhaps it would be better only to consider whether it is right to do this; and, if it is, to do it.
and the ostentatious clemency with which he had just now exhibited the same fat five fingers.
posted with us on the bridge, his quick eyes note the flood surging in the pent 'tween-decks below, from which his men have removed the few wounded.
if he always goes on in the same way, he must be, virtually, about two hundred years old, at present.
she had cards printed bearing the name of the farm, its telephone number, and its products.
my dear master copperfield, she replied, we went to plymouth.
a shrewd controlling purpose also makes allowance for the reader's prejudices.
for, there was something coming in the echoes, something light, afar off, and scarcely audible yet, that stirred her heart too much.
my conscience was not by any means comfortable about biddy.
the value of a man is not in his skin, that we should touch him.
say anything of me; but dont visit my disgrace and shame, more than i have done, on folks who are as honourable as you!
here was the headquarters of durham's pure leaf lard, of durham's breakfast bacon, durham's canned beef, potted ham, deviled chicken, peerless fertilizer!
micawber, returned mrs. micawber, there, you are wrong.
relations of two terms, being the simplest, have received more attention than the others, and have generally been alone considered by philosophers, both those who accepted and those who denied the reality of relations.
it was not always dry land where we dwell.
we went to the golden cross at charing cross, then a mouldy sort of establishment in a close neighbourhood.
you have no idea what a monster i felt, copperfield, when i saw the whole family crying and fainting away in every direction!
and yet he was glad, too, i thought, to see how the delight i had in meeting him affected me.
asked the tinker, giving his hand another turn in my shirt, to hold me more securely.
later botanists more than confirm his observations.
for this we know, quite incommunicably, and yet as surely as we know that we will to have it thus.
that it is rather easy is obvious, because so many instances are always at hand to be used.
we wished to keep these things and to study them, but we had no place to hide them.
but when we pass from consciousness of sensations to consciousness of objects of perception, certain further points arise which demand an addition to our definition.
be careful of my friend, i entreat you, and leave me.
the girl is anna scheiring, american born, of austrian ancestry, living with her parents and brothers and sisters in a five-room apartment at no.
for the rest of the long afternoon, perhaps, my meditations are interrupted only by the faint rattle of a carriage or team along the distant highway.
it would be worse than useless now to make any inquiries, because it would be dangerous.
ay, every leaf and twig and stone and cobweb sparkles now at mid-afternoon as when covered with dew in a spring morning.
so it came about that the one-time little laura hawkins found herself lifting the knocker at the beautiful country home of mark twain in the connecticut hills.
this time, mr. lorry feigned to go out when he could extract no answer from him, and, after remaining absent for an hour, returned.
no, she had not heard how they were, but she could tell him that they had gone back to aniele jukniene, with whom they had stayed when they first came to the yards.
who so smooth and silky as mr. murdstone at first!
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
the thunderous love song of her mate sounds through the timber.
this gives us, so far, only those particulars which constitute one thing at one time.
the length of an article, in general, should be proportionate to the size and the importance of the subject.
continuity is also not sufficient, since we can, for example, pass by sensibly continuous gradations from any one drop of the sea to any other drop.
i must have read very perspicuously, or the poor soul must have been deeply interested, for i remember she had a cloudy impression, after i had done, that they were a sort of vegetable.
twenty-five cents a day is probably the outside limit of what the great majority of men spend on their luncheons.
i gave miss mowcher my hand, with a very different opinion of her from that which i had hitherto entertained, and opened the door to let her out.
i think she is very proud, i replied, in a whisper.
you recollect my skirmishes with rosa, do you?
these are the little air-guns which contribute to make the ice crack and whoop.
for most of the men here took a fearfully different view of the thing.
but they were all men who had given up and been counted out, while jurgis was still in the fight, and had reminders of decency about him.
said mrs. steerforth, as the other was about to interpose, it is no matter.
for example; supposing herberts debts to be one hundred and sixty-four pounds four-and-twopence, i would say, leave a margin, and put them down at two hundred.
the third type of outline, which many writers prefer to either of the others, indicates both the topics to be treated and the division into paragraphs.
at length, my restlessness attained to such a pitch, that i hurried on my clothes, and went downstairs.
a man in a flat, by force of custom, has come to regard his wife as a piece of furniture.
a good night for cutting off in, said orlick.
since manuscripts are written matter, they must be sent sealed as first-class mail at letter rates of postage.
can she trust any one else to watch over her in the matter of flannels and dry stockings?
it cannot be accomplished, it never can be done, it has been attempted, and has always failed.
asked herbert, who always presided of a morning.
it comprised two departments: the fresh fish and oyster department, and myself.
i believe i have been confounding myself with the bad boy who didnt care, and became food for lions--a grander kind of going to the dogs, i suppose.
for so he gets away with his own mental processes virgin: it is inconceivable to you that, being sane, he should so comport himself.
to be admitted into the ranks of this bureaucracy, and when admitted, to rise therein, would be the sole objects of ambition.
if i ever let it look like anything else, i believe i shall deserve to have my spring dry up.
the rock was found to be perfectly satisfactory, and such water as was found was limited in extent and due to well-understood geologic causes.
when he came home at night, the baby would be asleep, and it would be the merest chance if he awoke before jurgis had to go to sleep himself.
if such is the case, and mr. micawber forfeits no privilege by entering on these duties, my anxiety is set at rest.
but indeed, at that time, putting to death was a recipe much in vogue with all trades and professions, and not least of all with tellson's.
mr. roosevelt's career as an index of the american character.
this is a fine place of my sons, sir, cried the old man, while i nodded as hard as i possibly could.
mr. pumblechook stood over me and poured out my teabefore i could touch the teapotwith the air of a benefactor who was resolved to be true to the last.
mr. creakle cuts a joke before he beats him, and we laugh at it,--miserable little dogs, we laugh, with our visages as white as ashes, and our hearts sinking into our boots.
ole man jones's place--jones the packer--beef-trust man.
if the life has a message, the reader will catch it; if it has not, silence is virtuous.
my mind grew very uneasy on the subject of the pale young gentleman.
ever so fur as i went, ever so fur the mountains seemed to shift away from me.
and yet it has not the blue devils, but the blue angels in it, in the azure tint of its waters.
old antanas had been a worker ever since he was a child; he had run away from home when he was twelve, because his father beat him for trying to learn to read.
no power on earth should stop me, while i was standing here!
he had no occasion to say after that that he had conceived an aversion for my patron, neither had i occasion to confess my own.
you will want a good many ships, said i.
your unselfishness cannot entirely comprehend how much my mind has gone on this; but, only ask yourself, how could my happiness be perfect, while yours was incomplete?
but, perhaps the confidential bachelor clerks in tellson's bank were principally occupied with the cares of other people; and perhaps second-hand cares, like second-hand clothes, come easily off and on.
i was greatly dejected and distressed, but in an incoherent wholesale sort of way.
often, given the honesty and intelligence, she must manufacture a child to fit the description.
this month they completed the examination, set up an exhibit to illustrate what they had to report, and read the prescription.
it seemed, for some reason, eminently fitting.
he is nobodys enemy dont add but his own, interposed estella, for i hate that class of man.
of course, i had taken care that the boat should be ready and everything in order.
she couldnt even have a baby like anybody else, said my aunt.
freddie got one bill loose, and then stuffed the rest back into his trousers' pocket.
we therefore look for some other interpretation of our actions, and regard our friends as very unjust when they refuse to be convinced by our repudiation of what we hold to be a calumny.
i am a poor little seamstress, who was with you in la force.
he made the most dismal sounds i have ever heard produced by any means, natural or artificial.
i derived from this speech that mr. herbert pocket (for herbert was the pale young gentlemans name) still rather confounded his intention with his execution.
jurgis was at a loss to understand why, with wages as they were, so many of the people of this district should live the way they did.
--'blessed are ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of heaven!'
there is not one of my readers who has yet lived a whole human life.
i should have come early in the morning, sir, afore going away.
we made that small house ring with boisterous mirth and resound with the murmur of much sober talk, making amends then to walden vale for the long silences.
it is a great council, to which the wisest of all lands are elected, and it meets once a year in the different cities of the earth.
if it had been anyone but you, agnes, said i, turning away my head, i should not have minded it half so much.
a wonderful idea it now seemed to jurgis, this of the men--that by combining they might be able to make a stand and conquer the packers!
i went there, i suppose, to make a fool of myself, and i am quite sure i did it.
really, mr. carton, returned the other, oddly disconcerted, i have not asked myself the question.
one could get a liberal education in literature merely by following up all his quotations and references.
the one who had been mauled, he answered readily, and ill swear i saw him!
to begin with the trustworthiness of introspection.
what private solicitude could rear itself against the deluge of the year one of liberty--the deluge rising from below, not falling from above, and with the windows of heaven shut, not opened!
it has been, for years, the utmost height of my hopes.
for the bad or young or untaught mower without tradition, the mower promethean, the mower original and contemptuous of the past, does all these things: he leaves great crescents of grass uncut.
my old nurse was to go to london with me next day, on the business of the will.
i had always felt my weakness, in comparison with her constancy and fortitude; and now i felt it more and more.
now that i was left wholly to myself, i gave notice of my intention to quit the chambers in the temple as soon as my tenancy could legally determine, and in the meanwhile to underlet them.
to this my mother returned, certainly, my dear jane, and said no more.
fifteen days i stuck to it, and turned out fifteen chapters; and then, in the early paragraphs of the sixteenth, ignominiously lost hold.
it was in vain that i asked her for her family name.
i might have known that he would never help me out; but it took me aback to have to shape the question afresh, as if it were quite new.
all the important requirements are fulfilled by the above definition, and the sense of oddity which is at first unavoidable will be found to wear off very quickly with the growth of familiarity.
one may suspect that religious obligation arising from the detention of property is a legal way of putting it in a polity in which social control is primarily religious and religious precepts are turning into legal precepts.
he turned his eyes on mr. jaggers whenever he raised them from the table, and was as dry and distant to me as if there were twin wemmicks, and this was the wrong one.
periodicals also fix certain limits for articles to be printed in particular departments.
and so this can be no encouragement to knock-kneed, feeble-wristed scribes, who must take their business conscientiously or be ashamed to practise it.
then szedvilas took off his spectacles, and looked at the agent, and stammered a question.
sullenly enough, the jackal loosened his dress, went into an adjoining room, and came back with a large jug of cold water, a basin, and a towel or two.
--i would abandon it, and live otherwise and elsewhere.
look out, look out, and see if we are pursued.
all this time i was working at murdstone and grinbys in the same common way, and with the same common companions, and with the same sense of unmerited degradation as at first.
an unhappy culprit, found guilty of imperfect exercise, approaches at his command.
he put his pipe back in his mouth with an undisturbed expression of face, and sat as composed and contented as if we were already out of england.
traddles sat upon the sofa affecting to read the paper with his eyes on the ceiling; and i looked out of the window to give early notice of mr. micawbers coming.
o my dear, my dear, will you bless me as fervently to-morrow?
it would be easy to cut their threads any time with a little sharper blast from the north.
what stung me, was the identification of the whole affair with my unoffending self.
the fundamental conception in legal liability was the conception of an act--of a manifestation of the will in the external world.
method of shipping potatoes to a distant point, in boxes, barrels, sacks.
and from it all emerged more and more clearly the one central figure who gave his name to the whole--frederick of prussia.
i wondered that it should have concluded at length that this was the best use it could put me to, and had never thought to avail itself of my services in some way.
berkeley's attack, as reinforced by the physiology of the sense-organs and nerves and brain, is very powerful.
all that he could think of was to practise some new austerity, to let his mind descend into his body and redeem it, and treat himself with ever increasing respect.
to get it changed in a lodging-house would be to take his life in his hands--he would almost certainly be robbed, and perhaps murdered, before morning.
i have never taken to either, since i was bound.
nothing has been in my thoughts so distinctly as his putting himself in the way of being taken.
now, you know me; you know i am incapable of all the higher and better flights of men.
however, it was very soon after the mistake was made of putting some of the trouble out of king charless head into my head, that the man first came.
that i should commemorate all is more than i can hope or the editor could ask.
nothing unbecoming tinged the pride; it was a natural and worthy one; but he observed it as a curiosity.
tuition, for instance, is an important item in the term bill, while for the far more valuable education which he gets by associating with the most cultivated of his contemporaries no charge is made.
blest if i know that either, said jerry.
he averages one hundred callers a day, in addition to answering a heavy mail and attendance upon various committee, board, and council meetings.
in this department, therefore, of human affairs, individuality has its proper field of action.
they conceive of the legal precept, whether legislative or traditional, as a guide to the judge, leading him toward the just result.
to be intoxicated by a single glass of wine; i have experienced this pleasure when i have drunk the liquor of the esoteric doctrines.
but the circumstance about him which impressed me most, was, that he had no voice, but spoke in a whisper.
nevertheless, the writer who yields to this temptation is sure to produce only mediocre work.
sometimes they stand stark and naked for your inspection; sometimes they lose themselves in the mist of half-sleep.
at the outset do not be worried about this big question--truth.
she didn't know a jersey from a hereford, or a wyandotte from a plymouth rock.
it is merely crossing, said mr. micawber, trifling with his eye-glass, merely crossing.
when i refer to them, incidentally, it is only as a part of my progress.
it must, therefore, though indistinguishable from both, be really intermediate between them.
but ive got a motive, as my fellow-partner used to say; and i go at it tooth and nail.
the logically predetermined decision is contained in the conception to which the facts are referred or involved in the principle within whose scope the facts fall.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
ah, if only he could have foreseen it--but then, he would have foreseen it, if he had not been a fool!
do not, then, write an essay about nature unless you are sure of your balance, unless you are sure that you can tell the truth.
but when that little child is dropped into heavier for that grab of whisker or shaking, then that man naterally up and says to himself, where is the good as you are a doing?
his surname was cruncher, and on the youthful occasion of his renouncing by proxy the works of darkness, in the easterly parish church of hounsditch, he had received the added appellation of jerry.
in this and other ways the understanding of a word often comes to be quite free from imagery; but in first learning the use of language it would seem that imagery always plays a very important part.
they can never have a large following unless they give something.
by degrees, i became calm enough to release my grasp and partake of pudding.
the blossom is blighted, the leaf is withered, the god of day goes down upon the dreary scene, and--and in short you are for ever floored.
some of them will concern us later, but for the present it is the fundamental character of mnemic phenomena that is in question.
her principal thought was of fire, for she had deposited her money in bills, and was afraid that if they were burned up the bank would not give her any others.
i have bethought me of all that gracious and compassionate history.
we loiter in winter while it is already spring.
when i came to omer and jorams, i found the shutters up, but the shop door standing open.
oh, thank you, master copperfield, said uriah heep, for that remark!
he laughed as he ran his hand through the clustering curls of his hair, and said gaily: yes, i am on an expedition of duty.
much interested and agitated, mr. lorry said: you come from doctor manette?
if she would like me to die for her, she had but to say the word, and i was ready.
the serious activities that fill a man's working hours are, except in a few fortunate individuals, governed mainly by purposes, not by impulses toward these activities.
suddenly, however, he heard her voice, faintly: jurgis!
and as my extreme weakness prevented me from getting up and going to him, i lay there, penitently whispering, o god bless him!
the fact that columbus, one of her is this comment by countrymen, had discovered the country the writer effective?
i suppose, said my aunt, eyeing me as narrowly as she had eyed the needle in threading it, you think mr. dick a short name, eh?
they were so familiar that at length one alighted on an armful of wood which i was carrying in, and pecked at the sticks without fear.
as the roman jurisconsult built in the image of the old law of the city, they built on idealized roman lines.
but in the general tumbling up of the family, his tumbling out in life somewhere, was a thing to transact itself somehow.
no, my dear friend, said he, when he had recovered wind for speech.
but, whether she was afraid of singing before people, or was out of voice that evening, it was certain that she couldnt sing at all.
this furnace is made of the best refractory blocks to withstand the fierce heat necessary to bring the batch to a molten state.
but a low and smooth shore proves him shallow on that side.
this would be nothing new in mahomedan countries.
on the other hand, he conceived that a court should have no discretion.
and she showed me her children, said the doctor of beauvais, and they had heard of me, and had been taught to pity me.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
the work was done in one of the cellars, and jurgis did not want ona to work in such a place; but then it was easy work, and one could not have everything.
this, too, like the color, was a thing elemental; it was a sound, a sound made up of ten thousand little sounds.
with the voice of those, whoever and wherever they may be, who are caught beneath the wheels of the juggernaut of greed!
i shall begin to assert the privileges of a mother-in-law, if you go on like that, and scold you.
its natral in young folk, masr davy, when theyre new to these here trials, and timid, like my little bird,--its natral.
come to spend the night wiz me, hamilton--have a hot time.
i do so, father, and i send him my soul with it!
there is no one in that room behind you!
when emly got strong again, said mr. peggotty, after another short interval of silence, she cast about to leave that good young creetur, and get to her own country.
now, follow that passage with your eye, and tell me whether it distinctly states that the prisoner expressly said that he was instructed by his legal advisers wholly to reserve his defence?
she could not get over my appearance, and was in the last degree confounded.
about the eighth to tenth day force the feeding--see to it that the chicken gets all it will eat three times a day.
i had seen the damp lying on the outside of my little window, as if some goblin had been crying there all night, and using the window for a pocket-handkerchief.
you know now, once for all, that i require you to be here, and not there.
the engendering idea of some works is stylistic; a technical preoccupation stands them instead of some robuster principle of life.
the representative did not laugh at this, but cabled the president in south america.
the descendants of eminent victorians may well be thankful that their fathers had no intimate relations with butler.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
thank you, my dear copperfield, said traddles, as we shook hands once more.
matthew will come and see me at last, said miss havisham, sternly, when i am laid on that table.
murder.does it strike too cold on that sensitive place?
the whole cut impressed me as if it were a cave with its stalactites laid open to the light.
let us first try to discover what it is we really desire when we desire free will.
they found that it possessed an unlooked-for advantage in its quick absorption of printing-ink.
is she discouraged, does she drag herself about the house and find fault with everything?
looking at me perfectly unmoved and with her fingers busy, she shook her head again.
we brought it forth from the night of the ages.
i saw that the bride within the bridal dress had withered like the dress, and like the flowers, and had no brightness left but the brightness of her sunken eyes.
theres emlys cousin, him that she was to have been married to, said mr. omer, rubbing his hands feebly, as fine a fellow as there is in yarmouth!
one sense of materialism is the view that all mental phenomena are causally dependent upon physical phenomena in the above-defined sense of causal dependence.
much affected, but still intensely enjoying himself, mr. micawber folded up his letter, and handed it with a bow to my aunt, as something she might like to keep.
i wish to set before you, honourably, the exact consequences--so far as they are within my knowledge--of your abetting him in this appeal.
she had taken them out now, to adapt herself, i suppose, to the altered character of the house; and wore but one or two disconsolate bows of sober brown.
the latter shook his head, and before he realized what had happened the policemen were leading him away again.
whether he finally survived that combat, and spent the remainder of his days in some hotel des invalides, i do not know; but i thought that his industry would not be worth much thereafter.
but i went into this house and brought out a gallon jar of small ale for him and for me; for the sun was now very warm, and small ale goes well with mowing.
they were a real cereal fruit which i ripened, and they had to my senses a fragrance like that of other noble fruits, which i kept in as long as possible by wrapping them in cloths.
he returned the answer in great trouble, and very slowly.
theers yet a something else, he returned, if i can say it, masr davy.
where legislation is effective, there also mechanical application is effective and desirable.
she is there to do your work and she does whatever may be called for.
pretty soon a man came by, a workingman--and they let him go.
you may often detect a yet smoother and darker water, separated from the rest as if by an invisible cobweb, boom of the water nymphs, resting on it.
in short the debtor is looked on as one who wrongfully withholds from the creditor the latter's property and hence as in some sort a thief.
nothing could have happened to her--and even if there had, there was nothing could be done about it until morning.
for i had had communication with that race.
this, said mr. quinion, in allusion to myself, is he.
i was to take possession the day after tomorrow, and mrs. crupp said, thank heaven she had now found summun she could care for!
or of leaving the traffic of piccadilly or broadway to proceed on the understanding that every driver should keep to that side of the road which seemed to him to promote the greatest happiness to the greatest number!
why does it always crucify christ, and excommunicate copernicus and luther, and pronounce washington and franklin rebels?
i therefore got up and put on my clothes, and went out across the yard into the long stone passage, designing to gain the outer courtyard and walk there for the relief of my mind.
i did not know what to reply, and glanced dubiously at mr. murdstone.
direct your eye right inward, and youll find a thousand regions in your mind yet undiscovered.
the expression of her face, as they both looked towards me, i felt to be very touching.
i should think that, wherever i saw you, replied steerforth.
i wouldnt wish to be stiff company, said joe.
both usual and unusual means employed to earn their college expenses have served as subjects for many special articles written by undergraduates and graduates.
or, to state the same question in other terms: how is psychology to be distinguished from physics?
the equivalent theory must wrestle at the outset with the doctrine that inadequacy of consideration is immaterial so that the equivalency is often pickwickian.
all desire involves an interval of time between the consciousness of a need and the opportunity for satisfying it.
at least we ate as much of it as was done, and made up with capers.
yet it was busy, too, with all the remembrances the place naturally awakened; and they were particularly distinct and vivid.
my mind ran upon what they would think, if they knew of my familiar acquaintance with the kings bench prison?
he said the monster, or shall i say, the big lizard?--wasn't an inch over two hundred feet.
the princes nails do more for me in private families of the genteel sort, than all my talents put together.
they took him to the county hospital, where a young surgeon set his arm; then he was washed and laid upon a bed in a ward with a score or two more of maimed and mangled men.
frequently, for purposes of record, manuscripts are stamped or marked in editorial offices, but if a cover page is attached, the manuscript itself is not defaced.
the question is, what did he do that was peculiar to himself, what reaction to life did he alone, of all the myriads, make?
it was several seconds before she could get breath to answer him.
i wish i had the ordering of his dreams, said i.
i believed that; for he seemed to relish them very much.
as he has said it, returned madame, lifting her eyebrows a little, it is probably false.
any prospect of awakening or coming to life to a dead man makes indifferent all times and places.
it is not only by time-relations that the parts of one biography are collected together in the case of living beings.
but it may be soon recalled, and, i have reason to think, will be.
said i, my heart warming with this praise.
it commonly opens about the first of april, a week or ten days later than flints pond and fair-haven, beginning to melt on the north side and in the shallower parts where it began to freeze.
he swore at himself and his luck for a while, and then turned his thoughts to practical matters.
the value of this type of outline is obviously that it both shows the logic of the thought and the divisional arrangement for presentation in paragraphs.
keep that, in case of sickness, said my aunt.
i own to you, i am shaken, mr. lorry, by doctor manette's not having had the power to prevent this arrest.
prejudice leads us to suppose that between the sensory stimulus and the utterance of the words a process of thought must have intervened, but there seems no good reason for such a supposition.
we looked upon two hands lying far before us on the bricks, and we moved them, and we knew that they were our hands.
what these rules should be, is the principal question in human affairs; but if we except a few of the most obvious cases, it is one of those which least progress has been made in resolving.
he asked, in a whisper, of the man he found himself next to.
for the most part they wrote on the continent where the field of legally enforceable promises had ceased to be bounded by a narrow fence of roman historical categories.
we shall bring the water to you, they said.
the connection between the spoken word and the word as it reaches the hearer is causal.
i give the latin on account of the savoriness of the trivial name.
mr. copperfield is at present in forty-four, sir.
this omission has had a very great effect upon philosophy; it is hardly too much to say that most metaphysics, since spinoza, has been largely determined by it.
i beg to wish you good day, mr. quinion.
miss shepherd being the one pervading theme and vision of my life, how do i ever come to break with her?
i wonder he didnt marry her and get all the property, said i.
some wore sober faces; some were standing soldierly stiff; but others were bubbling over with the spirits of their age, gossiping, shouting, indulging in colt-play.
the ghosts that vanished when the wicket closed.
if he is to get on in life, he must get on umbly, master copperfield!
twilight was closing in when i went downstairs into the natural air.
she nodded yes, and went to the door to listen for his coming up, that she might meet him on the stairs.
to mr. lorry, he commended them all, and explained his worldly affairs.
i begin to think i have misjudged them when i consider what effort of imagination must be involved in the concentration of the faculties on such an object, transcending the call of hunger and the lure of beauty.
i cant pretend that i do like them, and i suppose you dont particularly.
i repeated my advertisements in sunday issues, stopping only when i had as many customers as i could take care of.
choice of cereal for children of six, nine, and eleven--two boys, one girl.
these claws work on a joint operated electrically, and on the tip of each is a sensitive electrical apparatus which sets off a signal in the conning tower of the submarine.
at night he was tied down, lest he should kick the covers off him, while the family lay in their stupor of exhaustion.
this is no doubt sometimes the case, but is certainly sometimes not the case.
the law forbade prostitution; and this had brought the madames into the combination.
his thought is simple and direct and makes its appeal, not to culture, but to the primitive emotions.
the maxims are, first, that the individual is not accountable to society for his actions, in so far as these concern the interests of no person but himself.
this man seemed to me to lean over the cornice, and timidly whisper his half truth to the rude occupants who really knew it better than he.
standing hard by the building was a plain hearse.
let me show you the nearest tavern to dine well at.
we wont be hard about terms, but you shall pay if you will.
whether he could come out by force at the opera, and succeed by violence?
lucie sat by her father; darnay sat beside her; carton leaned against a window.
my aunt and agnes were there, busily making some little extra comforts, in the way of dress, for the children.
the work which jurgis was to do here was very simple, and it took him but a few minutes to learn it.
it might happen, if kant is right, that to-morrow our nature would so change as to make two and two become five.
when barnwell began to go wrong, i declare that i felt positively apologetic, pumblechooks indignant stare so taxed me with it.
but consider the waste in time and energy incidental to making ten thousand varieties of a thing for purposes of ostentation and snobbishness, where one variety would do for use!
there were often one or two chances--but there were always a hundred men for every chance, and his turn would not come.
but it remains to show that this fact is only what might have been expected.
i had considered the question, and had resolved to accept nothing.
and from all the unending horror of this there was a respite, a deliverance--he could drink!
if he had retorted or openly exasperated me, it would have been a relief and a justification; but he had put me on a slow fire, on which i lay tormented half the night.
perhaps you have often thought the same.
but, once there, it remained there; and hardened into a purpose than which i have never entertained a more determined purpose in my life.
said i, putting my small elbows on the table to argue the point.
elzbieta's only resource in those times was little antanas; indeed, it would be hard to say how they could have gotten along at all if it had not been for little antanas.
he was the last of teta elzbieta's children, and perhaps he had been intended by nature to let her know that she had had enough.
the men in these mills were all black with soot, and hollow-eyed and gaunt; they worked with fierce intensity, rushing here and there, and never lifting their eyes from their tasks.
one size, which costs me four cents each, will hold one four-pound chicken when dressed and drawn.
they plunder us, outrage us, beat us, kill us; but we have a little pride left, sometimes.
they were poor people, and this was all they had in the world, and if there was anything wrong they would be ruined.
a little fishing was done in the port, and a quantity of strolling about by night, and looking seaward: particularly at those times when the tide made, and was near flood.
but, as he was not there, she came back again.
said mr. wemmick, looking at me with an approving air.
you are playing booty with my clerk, are you, copperfield?
to common sense, this distinction seems clear and easy.
the boatswain, unmanned for the first time, respectfully dried his eyes on the jack, and then cheering up, and addressing mr. wopsle as your honor, solicited permission to take him by the fin.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
there were weeks at a time when jurgis went home after such a day as this with not more than two hours' work to his credit--which meant about thirty-five cents.
he crammed what little food was left, into the breast of his gray jacket.
we are accustomed to say, that the mass of men are unprepared; but improvement is slow, because the few are not materially wiser or better than the many.
and i denounce and reprobate this pretension not the less, if put forth on the side of my most solemn convictions.
boyle's law and the rest had to be discovered before the kinetic theory of gases became possible.
almost a night, jerry, said mr. lorry, to bring the dead out of their graves.
and even if he did not, they could not live--even if the boys left school again, they could surely not pay all the bills without him and ona.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
but for him, a modern traveler could spend his time peacefully admiring the scenery instead of feeling himself bound to dog the simple and grotesque of the world for the sake of their too-human comments.
i had no longer any doubt on the subject.
well, returned my mother, half laughing, and if she is so silly as to say so, can i be blamed for it?
presently, it stopped, and had come to its destination.
a shiver ran through her frame, and from it through his.
a similar study of the other types of articles exemplified in chapter v will show that they also are made up of various kinds of units.
they were pitiable in their helplessness; above all things they stood in deadly terror of any sort of person in official uniform, and so whenever they saw a policeman they would cross the street and hurry by.
men will not take time to get to the heart of a matter.
we saw nothing as we entered, save the sky in the great windows, blue and glowing.
i have a business charge to acquit myself of.
the picture, if false to species, is faithful to genus.
and then, explained schliemann, society would break up into independent, self-governing communities of mutually congenial persons; examples of which at present were clubs, churches, and political parties.
this was a case of metaphysics, at least as difficult for joe to deal with as for me.
to have died, would not have been much--what can i say?---i would have lived!
the sound of her iron shoes upon the hard road was quite musical, as she came along at a much brisker trot than usual.
miss havisham will soon be expecting you at your old post, though i think that might be laid aside now, with other old belongings.
for he had said, on taking leave of herbert, that he would come to breakfast with us.
such practical experience either supplements college training in a special field, or serves as the best substitute for such specialized education.
the fee that the capitalist paid the specialist made his advice so valuable that the other followed it absolutely.
if i dozed for a minute, i was awakened by miss havishams cries, and by her running at me with all that height of fire above her head.
i know you have never liked me, as i have liked you!
it was the evidence that the water which was being furnished to the city for half a million people to drink contained some living organism.
the capitalist had started at the mention of the word neurasthenia, and had seemed much relieved when the physician had declared that the symptoms were not dangerous.
my dear, returned tom, in a delighted state, why not?
pastimes and avocations may be counted good subjects.
can we not count upon some independent votes?
did you send that note of miss havishams to mr. pip, wemmick?
that was what my meaning was, sir, when you didnt understand me.
views of this kind have been widely held among philosophers, but we shall find no reason to accept them.
it should be said that, in so far as the classification assumes the whole world of physics (including its unperceived portions), it contains hypothetical elements.
at all times i lounged about the house and neighbourhood quite disregarded, except that they were jealous of my making any friends: thinking, perhaps, that if i did, i might complain to someone.
the perspiration rolls off their faces in great beads, and they breathe heavily as they grasp and toss the weighty strips of timber about as if they were straws.
we boast that we belong to the nineteenth century and are making the most rapid strides of any nation.
this particular blower was making quart bottles, and he was well qualified for the job.
as to me--will you never understand that i am incorrigible?
to neglect either public or private life makes the biography less valuable; light upon the personality from whatever honest source is to be eagerly sought.
trot, said my aunt in conclusion, be a credit to yourself, to me, and mr. dick, and heaven be with you!
then back to the room for more tea and more music.
there is to me an odd pathos in the literature of vegetarianism.
the instances of a word shade off into other movements by imperceptible degrees.
i know of her, and about her, she replied, from omer and joram.
all very well perhaps from his point of view, but only a little better than the common dilettantism.
needless to say, most readers are keenly interested in such revelations, even though they are made anonymously.
no matter how unreasonable the terror, so that it be terror.
but even if the rent is not mended, perhaps the worst vice betrayed is improvidence.
philosophy, like all other studies, aims primarily at knowledge.
i observed the old soldier--not to adopt the name disrespectfully--to pretty good advantage, on a night which is made memorable to me by something else i shall relate.
but no friendly indian concerned himself about me; nor needed he, for the master of the house was at home.
in a developing civilization nothing can make laws tolerable unless their changes and modifications are kept as closely as possible on the heels of the changes and modifications in social conditions which development involves.
and then turn over the page with me, and gaze upon the other side of the picture.
and their house was gone--they were back where they had started from, flung out into the cold to starve and freeze!
joe laid his hand upon my shoulder with the touch of a woman.
a little further, and he will regard charm in the light of an unworthy sacrifice to prettiness, and the omission of a tedious passage as an infidelity to art.
this constitutes two distinct facts: if we choose to treat it as one fact, it is a fact which has facts for its constituents.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
i see them speaking to her in the street.
that, you see, said mr. peggotty, bending over me with great glee, meets two objects.
the same strong susceptibilities which make the personal impulses vivid and powerful, are also the source from whence are generated the most passionate love of virtue, and the sternest self-control.
we were crossing to the former place, when i found that my aunt greatly accelerated her speed, and looked frightened.
but it either is, or it will be, or its in great danger of being.
jurgis was not the mighty man he had once been, but his arms were still good, and there were few farm dogs he needed to hit more than once.
its a bad job, he said, when i had done; but the sun sets every day, and people die every minute, and we mustnt be scared by the common lot.
the jurist was to find universal principles by analysis of the actual law.
agnes sang with great sweetness and expression, and so did mrs. strong.
i said that neither mr. nor miss murdstone had ever liked me, or had ever been kind to me.
so the job lady must be content to send the boys out as office and errand boys or to find employment for the girls in binderies and novelty shops.
is the following selection properly a definition by the method of comparison?
he was not hurt, and he was not arrested--more than he had any right to expect.
before this, however, another possibility had developed in the religiously sanctioned promise.
at about mid-day, we set out for the office of messrs spenlow and jorkins, in doctors commons.
i belong to a family remarkable, i believe, for some firmness; and i am not the creature of circumstance or change.
he looked like his illustration, as he raised his eyes to mr. lorry's face.
is the first question that inexperienced writers ask their literary advisers.
thus it is our particular thoughts and feelings that have primitive certainty.
--rendered it necessary that i should go to paris, there to communicate with a gentleman of the bank, so good as to be despatched to paris for the purpose.
slouchy, dirty, and lazy-looking, perhaps; but there were nevertheless good muscles and a strong body under those ragged overalls.
it is one of the great tragedies of life that every truth has to struggle to acceptance against honest but mind-blind students.
to save expense, perhaps you can make up something here for myself.
when i had got into bed, and lay there footsore, weary, and wretched, i found that i could no more close my own eyes than i could close the eyes of this foolish argus.
and so they went home again, and all day and evening there was figuring and debating.
in other words another, though closely related, postulate of civilized society is involved.
the study of literature in college is, except for the person of no imagination, deadening to the spirit.
at all events, wouldnt it be well to try?
its a note of two lines, pip, said mr. jaggers, handing it on, sent up to me by miss havisham on account of her not being sure of your address.
the universe is wider than our views of it.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
often the genuine interpretation of the existing rules shows that none is adequate to cover the case and that what is in effect, if not in theory, a new one must be supplied.
the stool was smooth, and peggotty was rough, but that made no difference.
it was as if i had seen dora, in all her fascinating artlessness, caressing agnes, and thanking her, and coaxingly appealing against me, and loving me with all her childish innocence.
there was a tremendous scandal, of course; it was found that the city records had been falsified and other crimes committed, and some of chicago's big capitalists got into jail--figuratively speaking.
within the confines of my own farm or its bordering woods are at least seven varieties of asters, and there are more within half a mile.
mr. wopsle, as the ill-requited uncle of the evenings tragedy, fell to meditating aloud in his garden at camberwell.
let us accept the irrevocable fate unresistingly.
let us, however, first try to state the objection more fully.
he is the husband of my affections, cried mrs. micawber, struggling; and i ne--ver--will--desert mr. micawber!
i thought, as i have my living to get, and have not eaten to-day, that i might go a-fishing.
this account gave me great joy, as it perfected the only good thing i had done.
i am free to confess that i have not been actively engaged in pursuits immediately connected with cultivation or with stock, though well aware that both will claim my attention on a foreign shore.
every morning thereafter, we greeted each other with our eyes.
i am higher in the school, and no one breaks my peace.
accordingly, how to give a rational account of the so-called natural right of property and how to fix the natural limits of that right became vexed questions of philosophical jurisprudence.
i shall therefore, in the sequel, speak simply of 'descriptions' when i mean 'definite descriptions'.
you can imitate war, but how are you going to imitate peace?
mr. dick--with rather a scared look, as if he had forgotten it--returned a hasty answer in the affirmative.
be umble, uriah, says father to me, and youll get on.
i said it was not a respectful way of proposing the toast, and i would never permit that toast to be drunk in my house otherwise than as the ladies!
we didn't know what was the matter, but we felt rather embarrassed.
her eyelids looked heavy and her face was red and swollen; he saw that he was annoying her, that she only wanted him to go away.
if ever child were stricken with sincere grief, i was.
the average man lives, and must live, so wholly in convention, that gunpowder charges of the truth are more apt to discompose than to invigorate his creed.
shall i put a little more tea in the pot afore i go, maam?
on the following evening i went into london in quest of him.
thus coherence as the definition of truth fails because there is no proof that there can be only one coherent system.
and you know that as he says it and turns quietly to his lamps again, the boat is drifting, at that very moment, to the rocks.
estella, for her part, likewise treated me as before, except that she did not condescend to speak.
nations come and go without defiling it.
well, returned mr. peggotty, standing with his legs pretty wide apart, and rubbing his hands up and down them in his comfortable satisfaction, as he looked alternately at us and at the fire.
it was what i remotely dreaded when i was first impelled to stay away from england.
it is a determination not to tolerate others in doing what is permitted by their religion, because it is not permitted by the persecutor's religion.
does any one live, who knows what a steady memory you have, half as well as i do?
the girl--the same i had seen upon the sands--was near the fire.
we spend more on almost any article of bodily aliment or ailment than on our mental aliment.
even to you i can only touch upon it, and no more.
there was no other news in peggottys letters.
then we knew suddenly that we were lying on a soft earth and that we had stopped.
but often a probable causal connection, where the cause is fairly simple, is of more practical importance than a more indubitable connection in which the cause is so complex as to be hard to ascertain.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
then, herbert, estimate; estimate it in round numbers, and put it down.
i am not acquainted with this country, gentlemen, but it seems a solitary country towards the river.
the joys of being profane before the consciously pious.
you never can show better than as your own natural self, my sweet dora; and well try no conceited experiments, but go back to our old way, and be happy.
i think you have got the ague, said i. im much of your opinion, boy, said he.
the young gentleman uttered this exultant sound with mysterious significance.
coal men had never tried to have that ordinance changed.
manuscripts are precious, for our brothers in the home of the clerks spend one year to copy one single script in their clear handwriting.
here is miss trotwood--and trotwood, whom you have not seen for a long while!
i think i committed every possible absurdity in the way of preparation for this blessed event.
(this is a first approximation, modified later.)
but it was possible for the nineteenth century to reconcile what remained of the chancellor's discretion with its mode of thinking.
we carried her away from the water to where there were some dry stones, and there laid her down, crying and moaning.
when the pole stuck in the clay bottom, of course it pulled you out of the boat.
to avoid this danger be sure that your example is fair and sufficiently comprehensive, and if it is not, choose other examples to add to it until you are convinced of the all-round fitness of your definition.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
he digs the point of the scythe hard into the ground with a jerk.
i have never told you, trotwood, of her mother.
the first person to accomplish something out of the ordinary, the first event of its kind, the first of anything, arrests attention.
and it's a long time to election day, anyhow; and what are you going to do meantime?
that there roger cly, master, said mr. cruncher, with a taciturn and iron-bound visage.
it's the wisest thing to expect, and the likeliest.
we had that man before us at the old bailey.
it would be no great penance, said rosa dartle, for your crimes.
not much in the habit of such travelling yourself, i think, sir?
he stopped in his looking at me, and slowly rubbed his right hand over his head.
i asked the waiter, as i warmed myself by the coffee-room fire.
i have no hope of its being untrue, but at least i may verify it.
the shoulders of our brothers are hunched, and their muscles are drawn, as if their bodies were shrinking and wished to shrink out of sight.
when my servant came into the room where i sat with my wife--o my wife, beloved of my heart!
), and then, over a glass of yarmouth grog, we will have the tidings of ten years!
from the last it is forced out into the main tunnel by a pipe and mingles with the great flood that is pouring constantly into the wells beneath pumping engines.
there is great rejoicing over his victory, for the tribe of israel has been at its weakest.
something may be done, however, to mitigate the difficulties of the question.
in one sense it must be admitted that we can never prove the existence of things other than ourselves and our experiences.
i do not wish to quarrel with any man or nation.
translated in continental legal history series, vol.
times are altering now, and i suppose i shall be in a terrible state of earnestness one day or other.
it's hard in the law to spile a man, i think.
he assented, and prepared to accompany me.
mrs. crupp is one of them, said my aunt.
nevertheless, it was looked for again, and still not found.
said he, facing round, after doggedly preceding me a few steps towards the house.
the chisel had made three or four of these attempts at embellishment over his nose, but had given them up without an effort to smooth them off.
again, i see her dark eyes roll round the church when she says miserable sinners, as if she were calling all the congregation names.
there was the same cold, hostile stare that he had had from the boss of the fertilizer mill.
thenceforth, to secure his good will, she always spoke to him first, and often gave him drink-money, which he readily received.
i went to bed, exceedingly weary and heavy; but, on my lying down, all such sensations vanished, as if by magic, and i was broad awake, with every sense refined.
on the last night of my restraint, i was awakened by hearing my own name spoken in a whisper.
i thanked him, staring at him far beyond the bounds of good manners, and holding tight to joe.
the observation seems trivial, but to the man of science it is significant.
i found my aunt, in our house, sitting up for me.
in short, the savannah was an auxiliary steamer, a combination of steam and sail that later became well known in shipping.
i gave mr. peggotty to understand that she was as jolly as i could wish, and that she desired her compliments--which was a polite fiction on my part.
mrs. steerforth was very glad to see me, and said that he had gone away with one of his oxford friends to see another who lived near st. albans, but that she expected him to return tomorrow.
why, yes, sir, said joe, me and wopsle went off straight to look at the blacking wareus.
which method of treatment is more effective?
the sea of black and threatening waters, and of destructive upheaving of wave against wave, whose depths were yet unfathomed and whose forces were yet unknown.
my dear fellow, said i, i never was better pleased to see you.
and why shouldnt he, if he thinks proper!
i would not have confessed to my visit for any consideration.
but this part of the subject has been sufficiently enlarged upon by political economists, and is not particularly related to the principles of this essay.
if we ask 'where and when does this relation exist?'
i had visited similar places in stepney before, but then i had not had a couple of vodkas, and i had not been taken in tow by an unknown girl.
under what latitudes reside the heathen to whom we would send light?
said traddles--by the reverend horace--to sophy--down in devonshire.
the oldest method of enforcement in roman law was seizure of the person, to coerce satisfaction or hold the promisor in bondage until his kinsmen performed the judgment.
x would never ask for these things; but god help the poor porter who forgot them!
at present our only true names are nicknames.
its very gratifying and agreeable to me, i am sure; but dont you think you could do better?
the discussion of this question, however, involves so many logical subtleties, and is so beset with difficulties, that i shall not pursue it further at present.
they had the whole district organized on the block system, and they went over each block house by house.
come early tomorrow and ask for mr. thomas.
they sit and eat their luncheon in stout fear-naughts on the dry oak leaves on the shore, as wise in natural lore as the citizen is in artificial.
he wore a flapping broad-brimmed travellers hat, and under it a handkerchief tied over his head in the manner of a cap: so that he showed no hair.
we crawled to it, we fell upon it, our face in our arms, and we lay still.
i dont know, with the old shake of her curls.
such objects were peculiar in the fact that they seemed to disappear completely, not merely to be transformed into something else.
she shrugs and turns again to the musk-roses, and forgets.
but it cannot be maintained that philosophy has had any very great measure of success in its attempts to provide definite answers to its questions.
my aunt sits with my hand in hers all the way.
i don't lay claim to particular wisdom because of my dislike and distrust of such transactions.
i then bound myself once more to the prescribed conditions.
figures of speech are too often regarded as ornaments suited only to poetry or poetical prose.
niagara county came in for its full share of this trouble and the niagara county farm bureau went its length to meet the emergency.
my aunt had written her one of the odd, abrupt notes--very little longer than a bank note--to which her epistolary efforts were usually limited.
it is, however, very difficult, and is differently understood by different philosophers.
there were thousands of men who came to this place, and sooner or later she would meet one of them.
i lived in a state of chronic uneasiness respecting my behavior to joe.
an aureole is picturesque, horns and hoofs add piquancy; the hand itches to deck the hero as saint or to fit him out as devil.
we followed it in preference to all our studies.
although what specially concerns us is the analysis of emotions, we shall find that the more important topic is the physiological causation of emotions.
the cooperative commonwealth is a universal automatic insurance company and savings bank for all its members.
i am deeply happy in the love that heaven has so blessed--my love for charles, and charles's love for me.
and i couldnt be a match for the rogues, without being a match for you, who are the blackest-looking and the worst rogue between this and france.
nevertheless, they both deserve to be carefully considered.
he moves more; he is beginning to revive, and to speak intelligibly; he thinks they are still together; he asks him, by his name, what he has in his hand.
it was known directly, to the furthest confines of the crowd.
we left them to their system and themselves, and went home wondering.
they raised the unconscious figure, placed it on a litter they had brought to the door, and bent to carry it away.
i made out from this, that the work i had to do, was to walk miss havisham round and round the room.
a lane of small boys beyond me, with the same interest in his eye, watch it too.
he looked for the man as he sprang into the room.
a cold feeling came over me from head to foot, and i know it was a donkey!
not with pleasure, though i was bound to him by so many ties; no; with considerable disturbance, some mortification, and a keen sense of incongruity.
yes, said mr. peggotty, slowly, who i thought appeared to stick to the subject on account of having no other subject ready, mrs. gummidge, i do assure you, she biled em.
fifth, how big must the important parts of the whole machine be to utilize all the energy available, or to produce the desired amount of power.
suppose that you are to write of the attitude of a politician toward party principles.
thus a jet of oxygen and a jet of coal-gas issue from the nozzle at the end of the blow-pipe, and, mingling there, produce a fine point of flame burning with intense heat.
once more law and morals were identified in juristic thinking.
only the opposing bishop needed to be sacrificed to capture her.
as we approached the point, i begged him to remain in a sheltered place, while i went on to reconnoitre; for it was towards it that the men had passed in the night.
so he made a noose in it and threw it over the balcony and hauled the girl up on it.
if you were thinking of being married--to mr. barkis, peggotty?
perhaps the theories of the immediate future will run along some such lines.
when the boys or girls are placed, the bureau, unlike most employment agencies, does not wash its hands of them.
other company were there: two playing cards, two playing dominoes, three standing by the counter lengthening out a short supply of wine.
from our present point of view, it is difficult to exclude perception from knowledge; at any rate, knowledge is displayed by actions based upon perception.
be sure you are there, my soul, said the vengeance, calling after her, for she had already turned into the street, before the tumbrils arrive!
in short, i shouldnt greatly deceive you, joe added, after a little grave reflection, if i represented to you that the word of that young woman were, without a minutes loss of time.
adulation and damnation are the logical extremes which result from a too operative blind spot on the retina of judgment.
rage and some forms of fear, however, may, he thinks, gain expression without the brain.
his breathing was a little quickened; but he repressed all other signs of agitation.
there are difficulties in establishing hume's principles, and doubts as to whether it is exactly true.
there was a sharp bracing air; the ground was dry; the sea was crisp and clear; the sun was diffusing abundance of light, if not much warmth; and everything was fresh and lively.
i began, by means of his assistance, to copy law writings.
let c be an event which is simultaneous with both a and b, but which ends before either a or b has ended.
i have so settled down in their home, that its not at all likely.
the volatile truth of our words should continually betray the inadequacy of the residual statement.
but with fear thrown off, with enthusiastic desire really to understand sympathetically, we find no lack of interest.
the furniture was rather faded, but quite good enough for me; and, sure enough, the river was outside the windows.
but i thought they seemed to think it rather a good idea too.
reconciling shakespeare's works with the known facts of his life.
it destroys my primary right of security, by constantly creating and stimulating social disorder.
this could be no trick of macaulays; it must be the nature of the english tongue.
it was obviously the weakness of the position.
if only she had heard about it in time, so that she might have had that great doctor to cure him of his lameness!
the lady with whom estella was placed, mrs. brandley by name, was a widow, with one daughter several years older than estella.
they put him into a great chair they had among them, and which they had taken either out of the court itself, or one of its rooms or passages.
it is this nearness of examination necessary for any true and kind writing, that makes the practice of the art a prolonged and noble education for the writer.
if the statement is true, how far is it possible to extend it, to how many forms of art or business?
being given to low company, she was very much in the habit of talking to them on the beach, miss dartle, and sitting by their boats.
it is the story of george the porter--the six thousand georges standing to-night to greet you and the other traveling folk at the doors of the waiting cars.
the same is true of thousands engaged in other kinds of manufacture and in department stores.
we have fought against saying it, but now it is said.
i dont mind acknowledging to you that ive got rather a grudging disposition, and want to keep off all intruders.
they begin to close again, and i begin to nod, as the recollection rises fresh upon me.
it was a thing scarcely to be spoken--a thing never spoken by all the world, that will not know its own defeat.
dear magwitch, i must tell you now, at last.
thus the conception of subjectivity, i.e.
i answered that i had thought it was later.
i never heard such sweet forbearing kindness expressed in a voice, as she expressed in making this reply.
my father, pip, he were given to drink, and when he were overtook with drink, he hammered away at my mother, most onmerciful.
perhaps not, and yet may have enough to be afraid of too, he answered.
it follows that an event remembered is an essential part of the causes of our remembering.
the neighborhood playhouse has been open only a few weeks.
your deeds got into extemporised strong-rooms made of kitchens and sculleries, and fretted all the fat out of their parchments into the banking-house air.
i require of a visitor that he be not actually starving, though he may have the very best appetite in the world, however he got it.
jurgis began; supposing that he would be given time, he explained how the boss had taken advantage of his wife's position to make advances to her and had threatened her with the loss of her place.
mr. pocket got his hands in his hair again, and this time really did lift himself some inches out of his chair.
for if the other thing had been greater than the one, the magnitudes would also have been different, though the fact to be explained would not have been the same.
theres power here, said mr. jaggers, coolly tracing out the sinews with his forefinger.
oh, what a dreadful opinion to have of me!
while i was considering that some one must have been there lately and must soon be coming back, or the candle would not be burning, it came into my head to look if the wick were long.
when i awoke next morning, i was resolute to declare my passion to dora, and know my fate.
it is difficult to see how they can be validly inferred; thus we are left with the alternative that they must be constructed.
i have been under a taboo in that infernal scoundrels service.
in this treatment small cubes of wood, placed in a vat, have their resinous properties extracted, and the wood is disintegrated.
they are every where, above us, on our left, on our right; they environ us on all sides.
at every vote (the jurymen voted aloud and individually), the populace set up a shout of applause.
to know that two shades of colour are different is knowledge about them; hence acquaintance with the two shades does not in any way necessitate the knowledge that they are different.
mother will be proud, indeed, he said, as we walked away together.
no objection was made to my getting close to the dock, on the outside of it, and holding the hand that he stretched forth to me.
it prefers to recruit its porters from certain of the states of the old south--georgia and the carolinas.
whatever be your calling, and however much it brings you in the year, you could still, you know, get more by cheating.
'for his sake, doctor,' she said, pointing to him in tears, 'i would do all i can to make what poor amends i can.
in such a place ona would not have stayed a day, but for starvation; and, as it was, she was never sure that she could stay the next day.
anything intervening between ourselves and what we see must be invisible: our view in every direction is bounded by the nearest visible object.
a diminutive officer with a pointed beard was walking alone.
were there any other passengers in the mail?
this was in allusion to its heavy black seal and border.
there were solitary patches of road on the way between soho and clerkenwell, and mr. lorry, mindful of foot-pads, always retained jerry for this service: though it was usually performed a good two hours earlier.
but mr. jorkins has a way of stating his objections which often deceives people.
all at once, in this serenity, great nature spoke to me; and soothed me to lay down my weary head upon the grass, and weep as i had not wept yet, since dora died!
then the time comes, said herbert, when you see your opening.
then i said, before the fire goes out, joe, i should like to tell you something.
i said i would mention it to mr. wickfield, and if he approved, as i had no doubt he would, i would come with pleasure.
you will have no objection, i dare say, to your great expectations being encumbered with that easy condition.
i have observed it, in the course of my life, in numbers of men.
the orfling met me here sometimes, to be told some astonishing fictions respecting the wharves and the tower; of which i can say no more than that i hope i believed them myself.
the reader will perceive that i am treating the subject rather from an economic than a dietetic point of view, and he will not venture to put my abstemiousness to the test unless he has a well-stocked larder.
i never saw such a beautiful colour on my mothers face before.
unless from the start the limitations incident to our frail human faculties are frankly accepted, nothing but disappointment awaits you.
--wasted, my child--should not be wasted, struck aside from the natural order of things--for my sake.
he shook in a self-abnegating way, as one who shook for tellson and co. can i do anything for you, mr. stryver?
but light itself, the thing which seeing people experience and blind people do not, is not supposed by science to form any part of the world that is independent of us and our senses.
in the distance there was heard again the lowing of the cattle, a sound as of a far-off ocean calling.
defarge came in breathless, pulled off a red cap he wore, and looked around him!
in this chapter we are not asking how we can know whether a belief is true or false: we are asking what is meant by the question whether a belief is true or false.
of course, all of you may not want the kind we want ... some of you may prefer prunes and morality to the bitter end.
for some minutes after he had emerged into the outer presence of saint antoine, the husband and wife remained exactly as he had left them, lest he should come back.
rummy ole place to feed in all 'lone, though, was freddie's comment--rummy's hell!
he had done so much for me at various times, that this was very little to do for him.
it seemed to shake him all over, and it never stopped; you could see a red stain wherever he had spit upon the floor.
from the point of view of the speaker, a single instance of the use of a word consists of a certain set of movements in the throat and mouth, combined with breath.
max delighted in silk socks and tailored shirts, and he ordered his monogramed cigarettes by the thousand.
it is better to play safe and have the record in notes, than to be too independent and find a blank in your mind when time to write arrives.
i have no doubt, twenty eight, returned the questioner, that the gentleman you refer to feels very strongly--as we all must--what you have so properly said.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
but other relations have their importance, and are indispensable in the solution of certain problems.
i had often watched a large dog of ours eating his food; and i now noticed a decided similarity between the dogs way of eating, and the mans.
combinations of two or more of these methods are not infrequent.
softened regrets they might be, teaching me what i had failed to learn when my younger life was all before me, but not the less regrets.
i lay in that separate building across the courtyard.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
a second later a policeman dashed in, and the bartender yelled once more--look out for his knife!
i would gaze at the boy, and ask myself how it was possible that he and i should feel so differently.
when the finishing stroke was put to his work, it suddenly expanded before the eyes of the astonished artist into the fairest of all the creations of brahma.
why, my boy, you could walk from here to london, and nobody would so much as look at you.
she was even more dreadfully fond of estella than she had been when i last saw them together; i repeat the word advisedly, for there was something positively dreadful in the energy of her looks and embraces.
he was a dark man altogether, with good eyes and a good bold breadth between them.
thus, you were to hammer boys roundold clem!
when there was a debate, and i was kept out very late, it seemed so strange to me, as i was walking home, to think that dora was at home!
this boy is like a weather-cock which, instead of being stuck fast, is always going round and round, changing without any change of wind.
there are many kinds of pride, said biddy, looking full at me and shaking her head; pride is not all of one kind well?
hears his number called, hears himself challenged, hears the rattle of the muskets, hears the orders make ready!
outside, in foreign spots, he comes by surprise and awakens more attention than he had expected; in his own city, the relation is reversed, and he stands amazed to be so little recollected.
but that is not the point which concerns us in the illustration.
in the welcoming of new fact, and in the suspicion of dogmatism as regards the universe at large, the modern spirit should, i think, be accepted as wholly an advance.
the skin of their arms is like a blue mist, but their shoulders are white and glowing, as if the light fell not from above, but rose from under their skin.
on meeting my eye, he said plainly, by a momentary and silent pause in that attitude, indeed?
this made him a nuisance, and a source of endless trouble in the family.
the vengeance and jacques three vied with each other in their fervent protestations that she was the most admirable and marvellous of witnesses.
she was sitting, i answered, in a black velvet coach.
or would you be persuaded to try a new-laid hegg?
i cannot read what i have written with this gaunt hand.
well, if he made love to your wife, why didn't she complain to the superintendent or leave the place?
becoming alarmed, i entreated mr. wopsle to explain his meaning.
and so, at last, when the meeting broke up, and the audience started to leave, poor jurgis was in an agony of uncertainty.
i am sure, said uriah, writhing himself into the silence like a conger-eel, that this is a subject full of unpleasantness to everybody.
he has been written to by mr. murdstone, on the subject of your lodgings, and he will receive you as a lodger.
oh, my heart is breaking when i think about it!
this was to show american surgeons that the most difficult operations could be performed without pain, without loss of consciousness, and without the use of the familiar anesthetics, ether or chloroform.
to each of these baskets--no farmer was asked to sacrifice more than ten--was attached a green tag noting that it was a bargain.
it is said that he sacrificed an ox when he discovered this theorem; if so, the ox was the first martyr to science.
no codification of the law of torts has done more than provide a few significantly broad generalizations.
said defarge, clapping him on the back when it was over, like a patron; you are a good boy!
would you love each other too much, without me?
so peggotty said; but i am afraid the chat was all on her own side, and of immoderate length, as she was very difficult indeed to stop, god bless her!
he immediately began to talk to drummle: not at all deterred by his replying in his heavy reticent way, but apparently led on by it to screw discourse out of him.
three turnkeys who entered responsive to a bell she rang, echoed the sentiment, and one added, for the love of liberty; which sounded in that place like an inappropriate conclusion.
we agreed, without any more consultation, that we would both go, and that dora was a little impostor, who feigned to be rather unwell, because she liked to be petted.
it was reassuring, on such a night, to be told that some of the inn-servants had agreed together to sit up until morning.
they have been described by the human-interest reporters, analyzed by the statisticians, defended by the social revolutionaries, and explained away by the optimists.
actions of this kind, with which instinct and volition enter upon equal terms, have been called 'semi-reflex.'
in a week or two, he referred to this engagement, and said, that if i would do him the favour to come down next saturday, and stay till monday, he would be extremely happy.
a similar process will make us acquainted with any other universal of the same sort.
the winds which passed over my dwelling were such as sweep over the ridges of mountains, bearing the broken strains, or celestial parts only, of terrestrial music.
this stream flow consists of the rainfall over the whole watershed less the amount absorbed by the earth or evaporated from the surface, and every such stream is a potential source of power.
i say, returned mr. micawber, quite forgetting himself, and smiling again, the miserable wretch you behold.
and now i, sitting in the stern, could see, with a faster beating heart, mill pond bank and mill pond stairs.
mr. trabb had sliced his hot roll into three feather-beds, and was slipping butter in between the blankets, and covering it up.
there was quite a different tone in packingtown after this--the place was a seething caldron of passion, and the scab who ventured into it fared badly.
unless my wits is gone a bahds neezing--by which mr. peggotty meant to say, birds-nesting--this morning, tis along of me as youre a-going to quit us?
for the love of heaven, of justice, of generosity, of the honour of your noble name!
when he analyzes such articles, the student should not be misled into thinking that the writer did not have the definite purpose of imparting practical information.
he said it bitterly, and filled up his glass again: which was a large one.
gawaine surprised the headmaster by his attitude.
i have often remarked--i suppose everybody has--that ones going away from a familiar place, would seem to be the signal for change in it.
two things have helped to put up a cantilever across the gulf.
now, waxwork and skeleton seemed to have dark eyes that moved and looked at me.
he could hardly believe that she was the same woman he had known in the old days; she was so quiet--so hard!
little one, he said, in a low voice, do not worry--it will not matter to us.
a little way beyond was another great hole, which they had emptied and not yet filled up.
it should be observed that, in all cases of general principles, particular instances, dealing with familiar things, are more evident than the general principle.
that, the man sitting as president had then informed doctor manette that the prisoner must remain in custody, but should, for his sake, be held inviolate in safe custody.
but suppose every individual in the french army had been a napoleon also!
she was in a front row, by the side of a man whom he had never seen since his arrival at the barrier, but whom he directly remembered as defarge.
we might be inclined to say that desire for the box is the cause.
at those times i would get up and look out at the door; for our kitchen door opened at once upon the night, and stood open on summer evenings to air the room.
emly is like me, said peggotty, and would like to see him.
however mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names.
i knew him before he gave me one of those aids, though, a moment before, i had not been conscious of remotely suspecting his identity.
the whole building looked to me as if it were learning to swim; it conducted itself in such an unaccountable manner, when i tried to steady it.
babies are to be nut-crackered dead, for peoples poor grandpapas positions!
i cant say how i knew it was my dear, dear mothers coffin that they went to look at.
these, then, are the various methods that are in common use.
they admit now that her faith has been justified.
and jurgis set out, without further ado.
i am so used to it in feeling, that i cannot count the time.
what cicero practised as the means of forensic success, requires to be imitated by all who study any subject in order to arrive at the truth.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
this was in truth not living; it was scarcely even existing, and they felt that it was too little for the price they paid.
shiraz--limp rug, the sides overcast with yarns of various colors.
the last paragraph in this essay is interesting in view of subsequent history.
and we are quite amply justified in believing that the newspaper asserts that the king is dead.
they insist that application of law is not a purely mechanical process.
i had kept the matter a profound secret, even from my wife; and this, too, i resolved to state in my letter.
she said at dinner: oh, but do tell me, though, somebody, because i have been thinking about it all day, and i want to know.
mr. a. g. hales is of the opinion that the newspaper man who is chosen as a war correspondent has won the victoria cross of journalism.
how did she know if this lawyer were telling the truth--that he was not in the conspiracy?
but some of the best members hinted that peet will not stay because he's just a bit too efficient.
young gentlemen generally has been overdosed with taters.
heaven knows we need never be ashamed of our tears, for they are rain upon the blinding dust of earth, overlying our hard hearts.
it would all come out in good time, i observed, and in the meanwhile nothing was to be said, save that i had come into great expectations from a mysterious patron.
as the bed-book itself should be a sort of night-light, to assist its illumination, coarse lamps are useless.
for whats a door-chain when shes got one always up?
each time, marija would emit a howl and fly at them, shaking her fists in their faces, stamping upon the floor, purple and incoherent with rage.
these are the lips of the lake on which no beard grows.
dont you think i might say that i did not, joe?
he says it is all right, said szedvilas.
i heard that mr. sharps wig didnt fit him; and that he neednt be so bounceable--somebody else said bumptious--about it, because his own red hair was very plainly to be seen behind.
quite despairing of making my mind clear to wemmick on this point, i forbore to try.
you gave it to yourself; you gained it for yourself.
he walked across the room, and came back to the same place; holding the chair with a grasp that trembled, like his subdued voice, in its earnestness.
but such a he moved his chair and looked about the floor between us, and then again at mesuch a most oncommon bolt as that!
its principle, which is essentially psychological, is very flexible.
that need has been in her heart for years.
when a woman starts on a city paper she knows that there are linotypes, presses and other machinery.
biddy, i cried, getting up, putting my arm round her neck, and giving her a kiss, i shall always tell you everything.
he must first reach the place from which the tortoise started.
there was never yet such a storm but it was olian music to a healthy and innocent ear.
he asked me what i would have for dinner?
conscious desire is made up partly of what is essential to desire, partly of beliefs as to what we want.
i saw in a moment that it was always kept prepared for her reception, and that he never went out but he thought it possible he might bring her home.
but they are always a mass, that is to say, collective mediocrity.
trot, returned my aunt gravely, i cant say.
i dont know how shes there, says arthur, shivering dreadful with the horrors, but shes standing in the corner at the foot of the bed, awful mad.
she gasped once or twice as she tried to answer him, and then began, speaking low, and swiftly.
of course hed much the best of it to the last,his character was so good.
they are as well, maam, he desperately observed after a pause, as aliens and outcasts can ever hope to be.
its not fair to abuse my confidence, i answered, reddening at the recollection of my blue enslaver.
i am glad to dwell upon the earnestness and love with which she lifted up her face to mine, and did so.
i am particular about this man, because he made a particular effect on me at that time, and because of what took place thereafter.
they had dreamed of freedom; of a chance to look about them and learn something; to be decent and clean, to see their child grow up to be strong.
this second kind of self-evidence will have degrees, from the very highest degree down to a bare inclination in favour of the belief.
the same thing applies to general philosophical hypotheses.
she has never confided it to me, but i suspect it.
if the weather is warmer than, say, seventy-five degrees, it might; under that, there is no difference.
the point of view throughout is that of the student rather than that of the teacher.
what at such a time are histories, chronologies, traditions, and all written revelations?
now, trot and agnes, let us look the case of betsey trotwood in the face, and see how it stands.
this conflict, however, is not very serious, and may, for our rough preliminary purpose, be largely ignored.
every drop, jacques, answered monsieur defarge.
a universal never appears before the mind as a single object in the sort of way in which something perceived appears.
is mr. copperfield informed of everything, rosa?
my aunt received this proposal so very ungraciously, that he never ventured on a second; but ever afterwards confined himself to looking watchfully at her for her suggestions, and rattling his money.
of all his store, unconsciously increased, he can always part with sixteen-seventeenths, by way of concession to his individuality, and think the subtraction so much concealing marble chipped from the heroic figure of himself.
i had a delightful letter from her, only this morning.
of this he was very proud, and it made him more disposed than ever to laugh at the pessimists.
jurgis was watching him like a cat all the time.
see the bodies of men pierced by bullets, blown into pieces by bursting shells!
such a heart madame defarge carried under her rough robe.
her father answered, with a cheerful firmness of conviction he could scarcely have assumed, quite sure, my darling!
there was a coal company working under a handicap in household deliveries.
where does my father get all that iron rust from?
i have very often hoped and intended to come back, but have been prevented by many circumstances.
you must find it a trying occupation, sir!
to prevent your reader from becoming hopelessly muddled, from seeming to deal with the valley of the unorganized dry bones of fact, you must have some guiding principle, some basis, some point of view.
he is blessed over all mortals who loses no moment of the passing life in remembering the past.
he gravely touched his lips with his forefinger.
for fully a week they were quite blissfully happy, thinking that belonging to a union meant an end to all their troubles.
how big steel beams are put in place on the twentieth story.
he introduced himself by informing me that i should find his name on the right-hand corner of the gate, over the top-bolt; upon that i said, traddles?
an objective point to be reached will give his article direction and will help him to stick to his subject.
looking that way, mr. cruncher made out that some kind of funeral was coming along, and that there was popular objection to this funeral, which engendered uproar.
the chance discovery by a prominent physician of a simple preventive of infantile paralysis, for instance, would combine at least four of the elements of interest enumerated above.
after that, she cleared the dinner table; after that, came in with another cap on, and her work-box, and the yard-measure, and the bit of wax-candle, all just the same as ever.
by linking the object of criticism to the race as a whole, by seeing how and why it became created, the critic is largely broadened and the reader is kept from superficiality.
if i shrunk into myself, hiding the disrespect i had undergone, it was because i honoured you so much, and so much wished that you should honour me!
i should like to see him, for a moment, if he is.
youve been visited with affliction, and i hope it may do you good; but youd better have come here.
it is a relation between the perspectives, and is not in either of them; no one can perceive it, and if it is to be known it can be only by inference.
what she always had been to me, she still was; wholly unaltered.
but that man said he did not repent of what he had done, joseph.
here i am in the playground, with my eye still fascinated by him, though i cant see him.
mr. lorry was already out when he got back, and it was easy to surmise where the good old man was gone.
no doubt i see this, because i know it is so; but i am astray, and seem to see nothing.
perhaps the whole company had been temporarily deafened.
in the maturity of law they are employed chiefly in situations where there is exceptional need of certainty in order to uphold the economic order.
all is still and quiet within, with the bright light of the reflectors flooding the little room, and the roar of the storm heard like muffled thunder outside.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
as i had little aid from horses or cattle, or hired men or boys, or improved implements of husbandry, i was much slower, and became much more intimate with my beans than usual.
its ebb at half-arter three, slack water half an hour.
but in this case the state has provided no way: its very constitution is the evil.
when jurgis had explained that he was a workingman from chicago, and that he did not know just whither he was bound, the other said, why don't you stay here and work for me?
in the ensuing interval, i told miss mills that she was evermore my friend, and that my heart must cease to vibrate ere i could forget her sympathy.
but the agony of mind, the remorse, and shame i felt when i became conscious next day!
you will doubtless be surprised, my dear mr. copperfield, to receive this communication.
it was as late as seven o'clock when he awoke refreshed, and went out into the streets again.
if i could hunt her to her grave, i would.
i thought it was better to borrow captain hopkinss knife and fork, than captain hopkinss comb.
thursday mornings would see an early rush to the market.
yet, as always in regard to shakespeare, having read it once more, i find that my knowledge was less complete than i supposed.
after a pause, they both heartily congratulated me; but there was a certain touch of sadness in their congratulations that i rather resented.
mechanisms if you are explaining a mechanism, you may follow different orders.
footsteps in the stone passage outside the door.
i made a foolish pretence of not at first recognizing it, and then told her.
(b) the question whether sense-data are composed of mutually external units is not one which can be decided by empirical evidence.
so are texas and kentucky, which are agricultural states.
as i had a sorrowful wish to see the old place once more, before it was locked up, i engaged to meet them there in the evening.
if, however, this were the source of our knowledge that two and two are four, we should proceed differently, in persuading ourselves of its truth, from the way in which we do actually proceed.
to deal with this problem, we must have a theory of memory.
liability could flow only from culpable conduct or from assumed duties.
peggotty calling his attention to my sufferings, mr. barkis gave me a little more room at once, and got away by degrees.
all these attempts to do away with the margin of application involved in legal standards broke down.
my dear copperfield, she is the only starry spot in a miserable existence.
it is as the good patriot says, observed the timid functionary.
the man led him down the corridor and a flight of steps to the visitors' room, which was barred like a cell.
when we accosted him, his manner was something more confused, and something less genteel, than of yore.
if caesar and the rubicon cannot be bodily in our thoughts, it might seem as though we must remain cut off from knowledge of them.
as i did not teach for the good of my fellow-men, but simply for a livelihood, this was a failure.
there is plenty of genial love of nature, but not so much of nature herself.
she moved slowly from before the door when she said this, and passed out of my sight.
all the evening his eyes wandered to my aunts face, with an expression of the most dismal apprehension, as if he saw her growing thin on the spot.
words of which the logical meaning is universal can therefore be employed correctly, without anything that could be called consciousness of universals.
for the coming of that day shall i fight, i and my sons and my chosen friends.
the career of james j. hill, or of cecil rhodes, as empire-builders.
a comfortable house for a rude and hardy race, that lived mostly out of doors, was once made here almost entirely of such materials as nature furnished ready to their hands.
it will cost, returned my aunt, to article you, just a thousand pounds.
i did not see little emily in that interval, but they told me she was to be quietly married in a fortnight.
the hottentots eagerly devour the marrow of the koodoo and other antelopes raw, as a matter of course.
he inquired his way of a group of underclassmen and they pointed out to him a large red building on the campus.
i believe the third of these to be the only universally applicable criterion.
some are accustomed to speak of deep and dangerous holes even in quiet sandy ponds like this, but the effect of water under these circumstances is to level all inequalities.
there was no resisting the music of tamoszius, however; even the children would sit awed and wondering, and the tears would run down teta elzbieta's cheeks.
and he flung himself at the man, and smote him between the eyes--and then, as he fell, seized him by the throat and began to pound his head upon the stones.
it is not the weakening of impulse that is to be desired, but the direction of impulse toward life and growth rather than toward death and decay.
the ball itself was always changing too.
leaping in the sunlight, careless, entwining, clamorously joyful, the waves riot on towards the verge.
it doesn't seem quite sporting to me, all this magic stuff, you know.
i say, young copperfield, youre going it!
it should be noticed that fichte is really trying to show why a promise may be regarded as a part of one's substance and why one's claim to performance may be treated as his property.
i never saw, in any painting or reality, horror and compassion so impressively blended.
since the essay is not super-serious, it need not be too conscientiously thorough and exhaustive.
said she again; and each time she said it, she opened her lovely eyes the wider.
i cannot believe that our factory system is the best mode by which men may get clothing.
miss shepherd and myself live but to be united.
i am not fond of professions of humility, i returned, or professions of anything else.
he had a marvelously versatile gift for forgetting things.
and always remember that the mere fact of a statement's being in print does not make it more true than it was when merely oral.
now, copperfield, said steerforth, when we were alone, i should like to hear what you are doing, and where you are going, and all about you.
i took the opportunity of asking if she was at all acquainted with mr. brooks of sheffield, but she answered no, only she supposed he must be a manufacturer in the knife and fork way.
he took the toasting-fork and sausage from me as he spoke, and set forth the ageds breakfast neatly on a little tray.
here he stopped, as if for relief from the terrors of his own description.
and now, handel, said he, finally throwing off the story as it were, there is a perfectly open understanding between us.
now obviously the nature of the audience will determine somewhat the manner of approach to the conditions.
though the blow staggered him, the wild-beast frenzy still blazed in him, and he got to his feet, lunging into the air.
he would not even hear of letting the children go to work--there were schools here in america for children, jurgis had heard, to which they could go for nothing.
then, with a sudden hurry of violence and swearing horribly, he threw the bottle from him, and stooped; and i saw in his hand a stone-hammer with a long heavy handle.
a shock-headed youngster pushed his way to the platform where mrs. mary c. cronan, professional story teller, stood smiling and wistfully looked up at her.
when i can run about again, as i used to do, aunt, said dora, i shall make jip race.
he was arrested by the quick arrival of another man, for whom the rest made way.
say, some hollow tree; and then for morning calls and dinner-parties!
then the icy teeth of the blast bit into him, and he turned and went away at a run.
a new kind of salesmanship is being developed in many lines of business--and particularly in the rebuilding of sales organizations made necessary by the ending of the war and return to peace production.
i wonder if there's many women like that in france now--telling their beads and singing the old hymns and treating poor traveling men the way she's just after treating us.
i am a determined character, said mr. creakle.
and all i can say of it is, laughed stryver with a vexed laugh, that this--ha, ha!--beats everything past, present, and to come.
therefore, when herbert and i sat down with him by his fire, i asked him first of all whether he relied on wemmicks judgment and sources of information?
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
here he found his fellow-patients busily and apparently congenially employed.
george barnwell murdered his uncle to get money for his mistress, but if he had done it to set himself up in business, he would equally have been hanged.
we have in our speech a large number of monosyllables.
please, sir, said jurgis, can i have something to eat?
a subject need not be discarded, however, because it does not make a timely appeal.
of all my worldly possessions i took no more than the few necessaries that filled the bag.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
why, bless my soul, he made that very remark!
hence his grounds in favour of idealism may be dismissed.
the crude and approximate causal laws from which science starts are just as easy to discover in the mental sphere as in the physical.
afterward, as cheaper labor had come, these germans had moved away.
everything was done for the best, my dear mr. wickfield; everything was done for the kindest and best, we know.
the great majority were silent and still, looking fixedly at the ground.
our manners have been corrupted by communication with the saints.
i depreciated paris; i depreciated france.
self-acquired property, the second disintegrating agency, may be seen in hindu law and also in roman law.
in order, however, that our superior position might not be compromised thereby, a money-box was kept on the kitchen mantel-shelf, into which it was publicly made known that all my earnings were dropped.
for a short term we have noted that the ship appears to have reached a point of arrest in her foundering droop.
she has gone out on some household matters, but will soon be home.
he had never been so stirred in his life--it was a miracle that had been wrought in him.
early in the morning, while my breakfast was getting ready, i strolled round by satis house.
the red fox made him say all this, i knew, to exhibit him to me in the light he had indicated on the night when he poisoned my rest.
master davy, said peggotty, untying her bonnet with a shaking hand, and speaking in a breathless sort of way.
if you come suddenly upon the falls from above, a great double rainbow, very vivid, spanning the extent of spray from top to bottom, is the first thing you see.
i think, charles, poor mr. carton deserves more consideration and respect than you expressed for him to-night.
he raised his eyes to mine respectfully.
no favourable leaning in that quarter to-day.
when we had played some half-dozen games, a day was appointed for my return, and i was taken down into the yard to be fed in the former dog-like manner.
again, it may feel the length of the shadows, the cold breath of the mists of the still, unpierced places.
niagara county farmers are using the bureau.
at our own door, i found little jane pocket coming home from a little party escorted by her little lover; and i envied her little lover, in spite of his being subject to flopson.
he made no allusion to these clothes, neither did i.
there is the stout-hearted player who refuses to resign though his defeat is demonstrably certain, but continues to jog about the board, eluding actual capture; in life would he resign?
her vanity remained, even to old age, the vanity of a coquette in her teens.
whether it was possible in a christian country to get on without blood, after this, was a question on which the finches were divided.
she thanked me, and said i was a good fellow.
well, browning is the father of rapid-fire and automatic firearms.
we could even make a greenhouse, if we had to.
what a refreshing set of humbugs we are, to be sure, aint we, my sweet child?
you said, speaking for your friend, that you could tell me how to do something useful and good.
but in the jones school, the process of making influential citizens is still going on.
i was going away, when he directed my attention to the kite.
it was no nominal meal that we were going to make, but a vigorous reality.
may i saw he was about to come at me again, and i stopped him.
the family, having no idea of this, and no more money to throw away, had nothing to do but give up and submit to one more misery for the rest of their days.
we, since our object is philosophical, must grapple with the philosopher's question.
he wanted his symphonic poems to express emotions and their development.
mr. pumblechook and i breakfasted at eight oclock in the parlor behind the shop, while the shopman took his mug of tea and hunch of bread and butter on a sack of peas in the front premises.
this is not the sort of thing one wishes to mar with clumsy comment.
then i am delighted to say, cried traddles, beaming with joy, that we have recovered the whole money!
old shoes will serve a hero longer than they have served his valet,if a hero ever has a valet,bare feet are older than shoes, and he can make them do.
he paused for a minute to scrutinize the prospective recruit more closely.
the principle of operation is not difficult to understand.
but the rejection of the subject renders some more complicated theory necessary.
and god smiled; and when he saw that man had become perfect in renunciation and worship, he sent another sun through the sky, which crashed into man's sun; and all returned again to nebula.
i doubted whether he could have dined without her.
hence unless specific performance is granted, the plaintiff's legal right is defeated.
all these harmless things are excluded because they are primarily selfish, and college spirit is primarily opposed to selfishness.
the race that one has started in, said he.
i believed not too, for, although in my brooding state i had taken no especial notice of the people behind me, i thought it likely that a face at all disfigured would have attracted my attention.
since a man has intellectual needs also, he will work longer, earn more, and provide for them to his own taste and in his own way.
moreover, she is supplying eggs, chickens, honey, and home-canned goods to those of her former associates who are willing to pay for quality.
there is no greater pleasure in the world than that of creative effort when the creator knows what he is about.
some half-dozen other particular friends promptly hauled him out, and presented him breathless to monsieur the marquis.
what is the conclusion, my dear mr. copperfield, to which i am irresistibly brought?
now, im a going upstairs to tell your aunt as masr davys here, and thatll cheer her up a bit, he said.
in philosophy, hitherto, ethical neutrality has been seldom sought and hardly ever achieved.
rough-shod if need be, smooth-shod if that will do, but ride on!
the privilege of self-expression they share with the very young.
the house was one of a whole row that was built by a company which existed to make money by swindling poor people.
then a man came up, wheeling a truck; he knew jurgis for ona's husband, and was curious about the mystery.
as i look out on the night, my tears fall fast, and my undisciplined heart is chastened heavily--heavily.
from the east light; from the west fruit.
the parent will sometimes roll and spin round before you in such a dishabille, that you cannot, for a few moments, detect what kind of creature it is.
the most provincial of all literature is the greek.
the greatest orator, save one, of antiquity, has left it on record that he always studied his adversary's case with as great, if not with still greater, intensity than even his own.
its stewed up together, and taken hot, and its a nice thing for the gout, i should think!
but he greatly relieved my mind by putting a chair for me at the table, and saying, very affably, now, six-foot!
he began the long, weary round of factories and warehouses, tramping all day, from one end of the city to the other, finding everywhere from ten to a hundred men ahead of him.
he has been only six months in america, and the change has not done him good.
mr. jarvis lorry and miss manette, emerging from the wine-shop thus, joined monsieur defarge in the doorway to which he had directed his own company just before.
to the best of my belief, our case was in the last aspect a rather common one.
on that same day there was an exhibition of a mono-rail car on the brennan principle taking place at the zological gardens in berlin; the book was its catalogue.
and it is whispered that they have grown over the ruins of many cities of the unmentionable times.
where i make the broken marks that follow here, i leave off for the time, and put my paper in its hiding-place.
the great critic rises superior to his peculiar likes and prejudices, but most of us are hindered by them.
i am not sure that there is anything substantial in this point.
but if youll believe me, she has such a face of her own that half the women in this town are mad against her.
and doing that, said mrs. micawber, --feeling his position--am i not right in saying that mr. micawber will strengthen, and not weaken, his connexion with britain?
and so the dustman says, i believe, with the strongest approval, and so does the marine-store shop in the back street.
said mr. micawber, to think that i should find you acquainted with the friend of my youth, the companion of earlier days!
i do something in that way myself--perhaps a good deal--perhaps a little--sharps the word, my dear boy--never mind!
i had the wildest dreams concerning him, and woke unrefreshed; i woke, too, to recover the fear which i had lost in the night, of his being found out as a returned transport.
within and beyond the vestibule is the schoolroom, a monotony of grimy walls and smoky ceiling.
it seemed to abolish the very principle of gravitation; it contradicted calmly one's most familiar instincts.
a little--not ill-humor--but plaintiveness--a little betrayal of wounded pride which he showed renders him not the less amiable.
the form of critical writing should be as neat as that of any other kind of writing.
bees that are away from home when their tree is attacked have considerable difficulty in recognizing it.
this point is important, and demands elucidation.
at last we came to the door of a room, and she said, go in.
money is not required to buy one necessary of the soul.
but this, though an important consideration in a practical point of view, merges in a more fundamental objection.
the voracious caterpillar when transformed into a butterfly, .
he professes humility and gratitude--with truth, perhaps: i hope so--but his position is really one of power, and i fear he makes a hard use of his power.
i will not say that i recommend it, observed traddles.
we sat in the dark for some time, breathless.
trade papers like to have their articles illustrated with reproductions of record sheets and blanks designed to develop greater efficiency in office or store management.
they can be apprehended with less effort of abstraction than any others, and they seem less removed from particulars than other universals are.
i would trust to my fidelity and perseverance--and to dora.
as she had never said any word for a long while, i ran and fetched in mr. gargery from the forge.
my lord being prayed to bid my learned friend lay aside his wig, and giving no very gracious consent, the likeness became much more remarkable.
instead they will step directly out on the sea floor from a door in the submarine which opens out of an air chamber.
speaking generally, there is no one so fit to conduct any business, or to determine how or by whom it shall be conducted, as those who are personally interested in it.
the moment madame defarge took up the rose, the customers ceased talking, and began gradually to drop out of the wine-shop.
seeing nothing save what i had seen already, i turned back into the house, and stood just within the shelter of the doorway, looking out into the night.
let me tell you what evidence i have seen of it.
then again: i am heavily in debt,very heavily for me, who have now no expectations,and i have been bred to no calling, and i am fit for nothing.
the fact is, we avoid mentioning the subject; and my unsettled prospects and indifferent circumstances are a great consolation to them.
leaving the highlands of asia, he descends from station to station towards europe.
but then suddenly he heard a voice in the corridor, and started for it with a bound.
i am not to be buried there, prejudged, and without any means of presenting my case?
the material was pure, and his art was pure; how could the result be other than wonderful?
in order to secure that instants form a series, we assume: (a) no event wholly precedes itself.
and now in the union jurgis met men who explained all this mystery to him; and he learned that america differed from russia in that its government existed under the form of a democracy.
this cost includes rent, light, heat, power, interest on investment, depreciation, cost of food materials, labor and supervision.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
give it me back, mum, said flopson; and miss jane, come and dance to baby, do!
i was so far from being required to keep my dull post in the parlour, that on several occasions, when i took my seat there, miss murdstone frowned to me to go away.
light and heat and sound are all due to wave-motions, which travel from the body emitting them to the person who sees light or feels heat or hears sound.
it appears to be her native part of the country, sir.
and as a substitution for most of the pleasure cravings of life, gardening is to be highly recommended.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
the question arises: will the association work in either direction, or only from the one which has occurred earlier to the one which has occurred later?
as soon as mankind have unanimously accepted a truth, does the truth perish within them?
and the ladies, observed mr. chillip, timorously, are great observers, sir.
but succession remains none the less a mere appearance, as indeed does movement itself.
clara returned soon afterwards, and herbert accompanied me upstairs to see our charge.
it looked a very fresh, free life, by daylight: still fresher, and more free, by sunlight.
that is why she would look forward to her regular visits at the night court.
i redden, tumble over half-a-dozen words, and stop.
and camilla add, with indignation, was there ever such a fancy!
he lived again through that day of horror when he had discovered ona's shame--god, how he had suffered, what a madman he had been!
it aint that i complain of my line of business, said mr. omer.
all the happenings in one place may be regarded as the view of the world from that place.
then come, replied my aunt, immediately resuming the bonnet she had a minute before laid aside.
the grass we had mown was but a little over two acres; for that is all the pasture on my little tiny farm.
no single one can possess greater wisdom than the many scholars who are elected by all men for their wisdom.
it was a crazy old house with a wharf of its own, abutting on the water when the tide was in, and on the mud when the tide was out, and literally overrun with rats.
there was only one earth, and the quantity of material things was limited.
i feel his sacred tears upon my face, and his sobs strike against my heart.
if you had been more mindful of yourself, and less of me, when we grew up here together, i think my heedless fancy never would have wandered from you.
darkness comes before my eyes; and, for a time, all things are blotted out of my remembrance.
we alone, of the thousands who walk this earth, we alone in this hour are doing a work which has no purpose save that we wish to do it.
there is nobody like the hardy apprentice for getting pleasure out of chess.
if we failed to hold our own, because that equal foot at all mens doors was heard knocking somewhere, every object in this world would slip from us.
both peggotty and mrs. gummidge had their aprons to their eyes, and ham had just stepped out to take a turn on the beach.
i understood the blessed thing which i had called my curse.
landscape where the richest element is a little sunshine innocent.
there was no settled theory with respect to them in our books and the decisions warranted four or five views leading to divergent results in matters of vital moment to the business man who acted on them.
when he stopped again it was because he was coming to frequented streets and did not wish to attract attention.
they went into a dingy room lined with books and littered with papers, where there was a blazing fire.
this done, he went away, muttering, and uttered the cry of his trade next door, in a vindictive shriek.
advices from abroad report that german resources continue to purchase all available supplies from the norwegian fishermen.
merely because this supposition enables us to state the phenomena in a way which is consonant with our prejudices.
to make statistical facts comprehensible and interesting is usually a difficult problem for the inexperienced writer.
but the above two grounds, which we have seen to be fallacious, seem sufficient to account for his opinion, and we may therefore conclude that the antithesis of the second antinomy is unproved.
well, then, cried lucas, and why should jesus have nothing to do with his church--why should his words and his life be of no authority among those who profess to adore him?
in the effort to make his diction specific, however, the writer must guard against bizarre effects and an excessive use of adjectives and adverbs.
we went over the side into our boat, and lay at a little distance, to see the ship wafted on her course.
but i began packing that same afternoon, and wildly packed up things that i knew i should want next morning, in a fiction that there was not a moment to be lost.
they-- what have they done with my family?
then, turning to me, served his majesty this man.
in other words, 'anything implied by a true proposition is true', or 'whatever follows from a true proposition is true'.
now charlie had got leave from college, and had gone away in his automobile on the next best thing to a honeymoon.
de lady says dey ain't no sich person here, she said.
but even though your interest meets nothing but the bats and the woods shadows and the stars, that few moments of the sleeping world forces is a psychical experience to be gained in no other way.
looking back as i turned into the front garden, i saw mr. murdstone leaning against the wicket of the churchyard, and mr. quinion talking to him.
the moment my aunt was restored, she flew at peggotty, and calling her a silly old creature, hugged her with all her might.
thus no two fractions are consecutive, and the total number of them is infinite.
persons start their fires in a sudden cold snap.
but we shook our head, lying before them on the floor.
mr. peggotty stood fixed as before, but now looking at him.
since the personal note exists throughout, and since you wish to make your reader attracted to the object that you criticize, your writing should be as pleasing as is legitimately possible.
truth, thus held, is but one superstition the more, accidentally clinging to the words which enunciate a truth.
there came an interval, and another band, and then old glory once more, and we cheered the flag even more than the men.
much better than getting as high wages as a trustee's chauffeur!
when he comes back, maybe it will be over.
(do we not remark this in moon likewise?
so in the end ona, with a ten-dollar bill burning a hole in her palm, had another interview with the forelady.
the snow reprints it, as it were, in clear white type alto-relievo.
we acknowledged his kindness; and he begged us to forgive his having launched into these practical and business-like details, and to excuse it as natural in one who was making entirely new arrangements in life.
we have been counting on your return these three or four days past.
they were in number as the weeks of the year.
mrs. micawber said it must be very little; but we couldnt allow that, so it was a glassful.
i thought it all extremely beautiful, and made up my mind to sleep among the hops that night: imagining some cheerful companionship in the long perspectives of poles, with the graceful leaves twining round them.
i come now to the question how the conception of causal laws which we have arrived at is related to the traditional conception of cause as it occurs in philosophy and common sense.
we are accustomed to say in new england that few and fewer pigeons visit us every year.
i had the strongest assurances that i should save him; and i did.
i sank down in a chair, and tried to utter some reply; but my tongue was fettered, and my sight was weak.
from physics is the law that, when two things have frequently existed in close temporal contiguity, either comes in time to cause the other.
that evening a weston squire came to the concord hunters cottage to inquire for his hounds, and told how for a week they had been hunting on their own account from weston woods.
but it was very pleasant to see the pride with which he hoisted it up and made it fast; smiling as he did so, with a relish and not merely mechanically.
it was a trial to my feelings, on the next day but one, to see joe arraying himself in his sunday clothes to accompany me to miss havishams.
a liberal education furnishes a background that is invaluable for all kinds of literary work.
but--every christmas there comes to me via the christmas tree a box of stockings, and for max a box of socks--heavy silk.
i also ask them to keep personal expense accounts and to make out reports of the work that they do.
we look upon the light which we have made.
objects of sense, even when they occur in dreams, are the most indubitably real objects known to us.
when we are speaking of matter, it will seem as if we were inclining to idealism; when we are speaking of mind, it will seem as if we were inclining to materialism.
william a. powell in consultation, and about one hundred and fifty club women were taken into the case.
i walked about the outside, at first unobserved from within, the window was so deep and high.
why should any one see in this infatuated pursuer of paradox a reincarnation of the pagan wisdom?
and others, hes a young un, too, but looks bad, dont he?
friends, however, who believe that the world should know something about this firearms wizard, furnish the following sidelights on his career: browning comes from an old-stock mormon family of ogden, utah.
mrs. camels, by which i presently understood he meant camilla, she have five pound fur to buy rushlights to put her in spirits when she wake up in the night.
the advantage of the precise thought is that it distinguishes between the bull's eye and the rest of the target.
a ghost could not have been taken and hanged on my account, and the consideration that he could be, and the dread that he would be, were no small addition to my horrors.
there was no fish for breakfast, and not much of anything else.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
it is said to be brewed of wheat, which is not in its favor (wheat was meant to be eaten, not drunk) and very bitter, which is.
but this is an entirely different point from the one by which berkeley seeks to prove that whatever can be immediately known must be in a mind.
now the fat policeman wakens definitely, and feels of his club to see that it is ready for business.
and i nodded at the old gentleman until it is no figure of speech to declare that i absolutely could not see him.
it merely seems that to go on living has become with me a habit.... and i want beauty in my life.
a great part of the attractiveness of the classical tradition was due to the partial escape from mechanism which it provided.
it thrilled me to realize what sudden greatness had fallen on me; and at the same time it sobered me, as with a sense of responsibility.
three patrol wagons were drawn up at the curb, and the whole neighborhood had turned out to see the sport; there was much chaffing, and a universal craning of necks.
eight of them she owned, and she kept them in a little place fenced around on her backstairs.
for there were many american novelists, published, read, and probably paid for their work.
a messenger came back to say that jurgis should wait, and so he came inside of the gate, perhaps not sorry enough that there were others less fortunate watching him with greedy eyes.
she would sit and smooth his forehead by the hour, and talk to him and try to make him forget.
thus far i am of the opinion of chaucers nun, who yave not of the text a pulled hen that saith that hunters ben not holy men.
only once there is a tight shave--and that is the fault of marija berczynskas.
yes, we answered, but we cannot cross the hedge.
a passing ripple may swamp his tiny craft and shipwreck him to become the prey of any passing fish or vagrant frog.
there are really no blows to be given by him but defensive ones.
her half-brother had now ample means again, but what with debts and what with new madness wasted them most fearfully again.
their dismal scream is truly ben jonsonian.
the cracking and booming of the ice indicate a change of temperature.
i had in hand the two-volume edition, and i opened at the beginning of the second volume.
there is a certain tutor, of whom i have some knowledge, who i think might suit the purpose, said mr. jaggers.
would he, asked mr. lorry, be sensibly relieved if he could prevail upon himself to impart that secret brooding to any one, when it is on him?
hence we may suppose, in spite of the differences between the different worlds, that each exists entire exactly as it is perceived, and might be exactly as it is even if it were not perceived.
there was a knocker upon the door, but it was not that which made the sound.
and here is my aunt coming soon; and youll like her of all things too, when you know her.
swift was yet alive, when the little oliver was born at pallas, or pallasmore, in the county of longford, in ireland.
it is in this direction, i am convinced, that we must look for the solution of many ancient perplexities.
we were very gay and sociable, and i asked him, in the course of conversation, what he was?
by and by, i saw him, with the majority of a lobster on his plate, eating his dinner at the feet of dora!
you know what a learned man, what a great man, the doctor is.
they took the bag of seeds, and they threw the seeds into the furrows of earth as they walked away.
it assumed that the human experience by which legal principles were discovered was determined in some inevitable way.
said mr. barkis, with a nod of his head.
pullman set out to build a sleeping car that would combine a degree of comfort with a degree of luxury.
thus one event may begin sooner than another, and therefore be before it, but may continue after the other has begun, and therefore be also simultaneous with it.
we walked round the ruined garden twice or thrice more, and it was all in bloom for me.
i began to carry her downstairs every morning, and upstairs every night.
consequently, i said as little as i could, and had my face shoved against the kitchen wall.
one way of discovering what a proposition deals with is to ask ourselves what words we must understand--in other words, what objects we must be acquainted with--in order to see what the proposition means.
take the matter of asters, for instance.
teta elzbieta was so embarrassed that the perspiration came out upon her forehead in beads; for was not this reading as much as to say plainly to the gentleman's face that they doubted his honesty?
the eye could not detect one creature in the group free from the smear of blood.
the shoshone, or keokuk, or roosevelt dam.
some present feature of the environment is associated, through past experiences, with something now absent; this absent something comes before us as an image, and is contrasted with present sensation.
it was the sign of the regeneration of the human race.
and every little thing that has reminded me of my brother, said agnes, with her cordial eyes turned cheerfully upon me, has been a welcome companion.
not to me, danl, returned mrs. gummidge.
then he opened them again, and smiled once more, and finally closed them and forgot to open them.
as to anything i say, you know, he insisted.
with these and a clear road ahead, she is to abolish distance and revise the world's schedules of time.
but jip, said dora, looking at him with compassion, even little jip!
it was morning when he rose up and came down into the kitchen--haggard and ashen gray, reeling and dazed.
remember only one thing--you must, for some reason, see attractiveness in the character, even the paradoxical attractiveness of repulsion.
i think it is this characteristic, more than any other, that distinguishes sciences dealing with living organisms from physics.
the essence of instinct, one might say, is that it provides a mechanism for acting without foresight in a manner which is usually advantageous biologically.
before long jurgis discovered what scully had meant by something turning up.
when at last he stopped outside our door, i could hear his finger tracing over the painted letters of my name, and i afterwards distinctly heard him breathing in at the keyhole.
but what is illusory is only the inferences to which they give rise; in themselves, they are every bit as real as the objects of waking life.
there is a danger, therefore, of the hull becoming distorted while resting upon the cradle, so it is stayed and strengthened inside with temporary timber work.
a manuscript record also indicates where each one of a writer's articles is at a given moment, and by what publications it has been rejected.
they began to give way before him as usual.
i am very happy to receive such support in my opinion, sir, he rejoined.
which dear old pip, old chap, said joe, you and me was ever friends.
a boy had come out, a stranger to him; a big, fat, rosy-cheeked youngster, such as had never been seen in his home before.
every one felt it, sooner or later, and then it was all up with him, at least for that sort of work.
duane had already explained to jurgis that if a man of their trade were known he would have to work all the time to satisfy the demands of the police.
if, in explaining the bicycle to a fiji islander, you fail to note that the two wheels are placed tandem rather than parallel, he may form a thoroughly queer notion of the machine.
but he took the chance, knowing that if, by skillful use of words he could persuade the reader through the first part, he could easily thrill him with the reaction.
in about half an hour we have three well-defined lines of bees established--two to farm-houses and one to the woods, and our box is being rapidly depleted of its honey.
i have found that no exertion of the legs can bring two minds much nearer to one another.
oh, you naughty boy, fie for shame, what do you do so far away from home?
that rusty black hat with the drooping red flower, it might not be ona's, but there was very little likelihood of it.
i am happy to hear you say so, answered agnes, steadily, for it gives me hope, almost assurance, that we think alike.
we recognize our friend jones, we know cats and dogs when we see them, and so on.
as we went up, doors of rooms were opened and peoples heads put out; and we passed other people on the stairs, who were coming down.
our time of starting from the cross keys was two oclock.
i subscribed to this with all my heart, god knows.
the house had two stories and a strange roof flat as a floor.
in anglo-american law today there are no less than seven agencies for individualizing the application of law.
if ever there were love in the world, i love her.
to a mast-maker up town, said mr. peggotty.
old men and women are in tears, moved by the sad history of their race, forgetful of the horror of human sacrifice in the intensity of their religious fervor.
i was weaker than i knew then; and, not falling asleep until the sun was up, lay late, and unrefreshed, next day.
but human actions are the outcome of desire, and no foreseeing can be true unless it takes account of desire.
she withdrew her hands and went out of the room, and mr. jaggers, putting the decanters on from his dumb-waiter, filled his glass and passed round the wine.
to this she returned: dont be ridiculous, boy; i am not going in.
i cannot say that i was yet quite happy, in the hope that i was gaining a victory over myself; even in the prospect of so soon looking on her face again.
a plan had occurred to me for passing the night, which i was going to carry into execution.
at first little emly didnt like to come, and then ham went.
i took a walk on spauldings farm the other afternoon.
one of the pacific lines has the best white blotting-paper i know; and the pencils there are a dream.
when news comes from a distance, he can write to the persons most likely to have the desired information.
about the end of march he had got hold of ona's bankbook, and learned that there was only three dollars left to them in the world.
its leaves and shoots were green then, and the day being sunny, a pair of glass doors leading to the garden were thrown open.
a sensation which merely comes and goes is not a datum; it only becomes a datum when it is remembered.
the valet come and gone, monsieur the marquis walked to and fro in his loose chamber-robe, to prepare himself gently for sleep, that hot still night.
he seemed very much amused, and laughed as heartily as it was in his nature to laugh.
jurgis spent half an hour walking and debating the problem.
the entrance of the judge, and a consequent great stir and settling down in the court, stopped the dialogue.
the sound combination with such letters as s and o is more complicated but it is distinguishable.
i know of those whose serene and wise speculations on this theme would soon reveal the limits of his minds range and hospitality.
how can i go on as i am, a solitary curse to myself, a living disgrace to everyone i come near!
when miss clarissa had shaken her head, miss lavinia resumed: again referring to my letter through her eye-glass.
mr. attorney-general now signified to my lord, that he deemed it necessary, as a matter of precaution and form, to call the young lady's father, doctor manette.
i have been slighted, and taught nothing, and thrown upon myself, and put to work not fit for me.
he expressed great gentleness and kindness for my father's state, and i am sure he felt it.
i couldnt bear the idea of anybody knowing mr. spenlow better than i did.
we did not stay there, after dinner, but came upstairs into the drawing-room again: in one snug corner of which, agnes set glasses for her father, and a decanter of port wine.
occasionally there are two or three who walk in their sleep, and i'm on pins and needles lest harm come to them, so i make my rounds to see that they're safe.
one with a swift stroke cut the throat; another with two swift strokes severed the head, which fell to the floor and vanished through a hole.
the sergeant, a decisive man, ordered that the sound should not be answered, but that the course should be changed, and that his men should make towards it at the double.
cried mr. jaggers.and (i added), i would gladly try that gentleman.
i found myself one of these, frantically imploring a knot of sailors whom i knew, not to let those two lost creatures perish before our eyes.
but i saw him collapse as his master rubbed me out with his hands, and my first decided experience of the stupendous power of money was, that it had morally laid upon his back trabbs boy.
sydney, i rather despair of making myself intelligible to you, because you are such an insensible dog.
often individual libraries have compiled lists of their own books on various subjects.
young fisher's home was a little two-story brick house, dingy and weather-beaten outside, but attractive within.
he took the hand which i dared not withhold, and having given it a damp squeeze, referred to his pale-faced watch.
they had been in the neighborhood so short a time that they could not get much credit, and there was no one except szedvilas from whom they could borrow even a little.
it would be easier for them to hobble to town with a broken leg than with a broken pantaloon.
at that point, my convict became so frantically exasperated, that he would have rushed upon him but for the interposition of the soldiers.
i add the two last words because of a mysterious incident of my youth.
i hope you have, too, master copperfield, said uriah.
charles evremonde, called darnay, was accused by the public prosecutor as an emigrant, whose life was forfeit to the republic, under the decree which banished all emigrants on pain of death.
with that, he made a polite bow; and, with another to miss dartle, went away through the arch in the wall of holly by which he had come.
he could no longer command a job when he wanted it; he could no longer steal with impunity--he must take his chances with the common herd.
at about midway our friends disappeared, and, suddenly drawn to the right, i was pushed from behind up a steep, fusty stair.
then they escorted her to the ladder, and jurgis heard her give an exclamation of dismay.
those who desire to suppress it, of course deny its truth; but they are not infallible.
there is one literary trait in which i am unable to name any writer of tales in any literature who surpasses o.
i was very pale in the looking-glass; my eyes had a vacant appearance; and my hair--only my hair, nothing else--looked drunk.
she saw the women in the audience only, and their clothes.
jerry has been my bodyguard on sunday nights for a long time past and i am used to him.
my father had left a small collection of books in a little room upstairs, to which i had access (for it adjoined my own) and which nobody else in our house ever troubled.
jurgis shot one swift glance up and down the platform--the man was not on it.
he waylays the smaller boys to punch their unprotected heads, and calls challenges after me in the open streets.
weve worked as we ought to t, and maybe we lived a leetle hard at first or so, but we have allus thrived.
saturday night, said i, when we sat at our supper of bread and cheese and beer.
it began to throw out the grilles and the other knickknacks, even before it had committed itself definitely to the use of the steel car.
glancing round as i made a suitable reply, i observed that the family effects were already packed, and that the amount of luggage was by no means overwhelming.
in virtue of this law, the effects of images upon our actions come to be produced by words, even when the words do not call up appropriate images.
have a blow at it, said the old woman, coaxingly.
it is very unpleasant--they tell some such tale every time you have to discharge a woman-- yes, i know, said the judge.
there was an immediate dispersal for these restoratives, and she softly laid the patient on a sofa, and tended her with great skill and gentleness: calling her my precious!
suppose you had never seen me at all, said dora, going to another button.
the whole distinction of privacy and publicity, however, so long as we confine ourselves to sensations, is one of degree, not of kind.
he had heard people say that it was a free country--but what did that mean?
i was always punctual at the office; at the doctors too: and i really did work, as the common expression is, like a cart-horse.
after looking at the twilight without, for a little while, she went on to say: the time has come round when miss havisham wishes to have me for a day at satis.
because he could hear ona from the street, he would first go away to escape the sounds, and then come back because he could not help it.
as to understanding him, you are a cleverer fellow than most of us, daisy, if you can do that.
the second of the two meetings referred to in the last chapter occurred about a week after the first.
said peggotty, almost cheerfully: bending over him, while her brother and i stood at the beds foot.
wherefore i proposed to give the city man the fattest, tenderest, juiciest, cleanest, freshest chicken he could get--and charge him a profitable price in so doing.
these effects were still produced if the parts in question were removed from the body and kept alive artificially.
miss pross looked up, saw what it was, struck at it, struck out a flash and a crash, and stood alone--blinded with smoke.
i knew not how to answer, or how to comfort her.
some people trifled with her as a mere oddity, he said; but she was as shrewdly and sharply observant as anyone he knew, and as long-headed as she was short-armed.
oh, for mercys sake, tell uncle that i never loved him half so dear as now.
i might, for instance, give you 'to make the'--no, that might not do.
why, sir, his father giv it him, said mr. peggotty.
he obeyed it, and found a new world for castile and leon.
i left all who were dear to me, and went away; and believed that i had borne it, and it was past.
i come now to the purely formal definition of the truth or falsehood of a belief.
she does not present to the world a record that is easily read.
the man who has actually paid for his farm with labor on it is so rare that every neighbor can point to him.
to ask why such-and-such a kind of sequence occurs is either to ask a meaningless question, or to demand some more general kind of sequence which includes the one in question.
james and i know our duty to each other better, i pray heaven!
there are, it is true, two authors, both physicists, who have done something, though not much, to bring about a recognition of the problem as one demanding study.
they heard him mutter, one hundred and five, north tower; and when he looked about him, it evidently was for the strong fortress-walls which had long encompassed him.
deer pathetically haunt the outskirts of farms, gazing upon cattle feeding in winter pasture from the stack, and often, after dark, clearing the fences and robbing the same disheveled storehouse.
miss lavinia, as i have said, resumed: you ask permission of my sister clarissa and myself, mr. copperfield, to visit here, as the accepted suitor of our niece.
the last century preferred the general security.
somehow we must find the sphere in which our hero moved, the group to which he belonged, and must then discover the qualities that he showed in the group which made him a real individual.
she kissed the boy, and said, caressing him, 'it is for thine own dear sake.
the honour and glory of the average man is that he is capable of following that initiative; that he can respond internally to wise and noble things, and be led to them with his eyes open.
do you hear him, papa?--the eldest miss larkins.
to them, i send my salute across the centuries, and my pity.
to the other, socialism was simply a necessary step toward a far-distant goal, a step to be tolerated with impatience.
madame sternly retorted, i tell you a good deal like.
it strayed out in tattered yellowish streamers toward the english lines, half dissipating itself in twenty yards, until the steady outpour of the green smoke gave it reinforcement and it made headway.
apparently nobody knows how to waltz, but that is nothing of any consequence--there is music, and they dance, each as he pleases, just as before they sang.
its an admirable piece of workmanship--firm as a rock!
there would be meat stored in great piles in rooms; and the water from leaky roofs would drip over it, and thousands of rats would race about on it.
i asked that too; but it was more (she said) than she could tell.
ive no more notion where i was born than you haveif so much.
as the concentrated expression returned to his forehead, he seemed to become conscious that it was in hers too.
if you expect me to be surprised, said her brother solomon, i am not surprised; i knew you were here; i know of most people who are here.
there was another thing i could have wished, namely, that jip had never been encouraged to walk about the tablecloth during dinner.
i reckon about twenty cents for supper, replied the farmer.
but in any case it is not a public event, like an actual person walking in at the door and sitting down in my chair.
mrs. crupp broke out into rebellion on my first bashful hint in reference to the cooking of the fish and joint, and said, with a dignified sense of injury, no!
i could not get over this farewell glimpse of them for a long time.
monsieur the marquis in his travelling carriage (which might have been lighter), conducted by four post-horses and two postilions, fagged up a steep hill.
but the degree of verification obtainable in this way is very small.
when the truth was known, consternation reigned among the english officers.
but did you ever see anything there that you had never seen before?
a good fellow, a skilled hand, fond of us, and enthusiastic and honorable.
i am sufficiently behind the scenes to know the worth of political life.
i am satisfied that mr. and mrs. micawber could not have enjoyed the feast more, if they had sold a bed to provide it.
the manner in which they did this was something to be seen and never forgotten.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
they give laws according to which images of past occurrences come into our minds, but do not discuss our belief that these images refer to past occurrences, which is what constitutes knowledge-memory.
he smiled, and shot as evil a glance at me as could come from his dark eyes.
though their feet are clay and on earth, just as ours, their stellar brows are sometimes dim in remote clouds.
'i do not want it examined,' he answered; 'let it be.'
the court was all bestrewn with herbs and sprinkled with vinegar, as a precaution against gaol air and gaol fever.
the dangers and uncertainties they confront seem to me extraordinarily mild compared with the risk the farmer runs.
she spins and weaves and cuts with full authority.
dont it make him, perhaps, a little more remiss than usual in his visits to his blindly-doting--eh?
what would be the effect of the use of definitions of this type in argument?
now madame, a woman of some forty years, was a true bourgeoise, with all the thrift of her class.
if you wish to write an analysis, then, your path is straight, and it leads between the two virtues of truth and thoroughness.
and worse than there being no decency, there was not even any honesty.
but turning quickly upon him, and seeing a laugh in his eyes, i answered, much relieved: ah, steerforth!
yet she did not hear him--she was still in the grip of the fiend.
but he slept--let me think of him so again--as i had often seen him sleep at school; and thus, in this silent hour, i left him.
we turned back, on my humbly insinuating that it might be useful to me hereafter; and he told the clerk that the carrier had instructions to call for it at noon.
until i die, my dearest sister, i shall see you always before me, pointing upward!
it is my debt to washington irving that exercises my conscience, and justly so, for i believe plagiarism was rarely carried farther.
she motioned to mr. peggotty to be seated.
as a first instance, consider the antipathies which men cherish on no better grounds than that persons whose religious opinions are different from theirs, do not practise their religious observances, especially their religious abstinences.
passion, wisdom, creative force, the power of mystery or colour, are allotted in the hour of birth, and can be neither learned nor simulated.
her eyes were dilated and wild, and she constantly uttered piercing shrieks, and repeated the words, 'my husband, my father, and my brother!'
this was my answer with respect to those youths who were bent on this pursuit, trusting that they would soon outgrow it.
monsieur defarge whispered it closer in his ear, and frowned heavily.
i invited wemmick to come upstairs, and refresh himself with a glass of grog before walking to walworth.
we believe that all men are mortal because we know that there are innumerable instances of men dying, and no instances of their living beyond a certain age.
to fail in submission to the authority of the tribunal would be to put yourself out of law.
so a headache powder should relieve pain without injuring with evil drugs; if this one does, we shall not condemn it.
there is therefore no reason in experience to suppose that there are times as opposed to events: the events, ordered by the relations of simultaneity and succession, are all that experience provides.
his feelings will soon get the better of it, ill be bound.
she made him understand at last that she knew nothing.
my laundry bill is nearly twenty dollars each week alone--think of that!
one instant she looked at him--there was a flash of recognition between them, he saw her afar off, as through a dim vista, standing forlorn.
to be sure he might have put it in a bank, and, if he were fortunate, get it back again when he wanted it.
she would have some fair reason for looking down upon me, i thought, if she saw me frightened; and she would have no fair reason.
perhaps not, said mr. wickfield; and you bring me back to the question, with an apology for digressing.
however, i was not willing--for his sake.
two leagues beyond the summit of the hill?
he turns all values into intellectual coin.
he touched me gently on the forehead, and went out.
whenever i fell into a thoughtful state, this subject was sure to present itself, and all my uneasiness was sure to be redoubled.
the fruits do not yield their true flavor to the purchaser of them, nor to him who raises them for the market.
it was let down to the ground, and there came the headsman, whose task it was to sever the head, with two or three swift strokes.
there was no snow that night, nor was it especially cold; and still ona had not come!
according to liebig, mans body is a stove, and food the fuel which keeps up the internal combustion in the lungs.
to be told at the beginning of an article of some remarkable thing that the future holds in store for him or for his descendants, fascinates the average person as much as does the fortune-teller's prophecy.
if that were taken away, there would be little visible change, but the heart would be gone.
associations formed elsewhere, springing from a feeling of humanity, or any other cause, have nothing whatever to do with it.
but i did, and i am ready to take the consequences of it.
with such reminiscences i repeopled the woods and lulled myself asleep.
in a personality sketch of a spiritual leader, for example, such words and phrases would be particularly effective to create the atmosphere with which such a man might very appropriately be invested.
i knew what the devotion of her nature was.
on this occasion the day was hot and the honey very fragrant, and a line of bees was soon established s.s.w.
i shall otherwise have written to poor purpose, and the rest will be of interest to no one.
mr. peggotty seemed very much shocked at himself for having made a speech capable of this unfeeling construction, but was prevented from replying, by peggottys pulling his sleeve, and shaking her head.
but, as time wore on, this shadowy prospect faded, and departed from me.
but if mr. micawber cannot get into those firms--which decline to answer his letters, when he offers his services even in an inferior capacity--what is the use of dwelling upon that idea?
there were four in the room, and she shut them all.
i felt myself quite a proctor when i read this document aloud with all possible ceremony, and set forth its provisions, any number of times, to those whom they concerned.
there are seventeen in this place, and nine different countries among them.
there have been, and may again be, great individual thinkers, in a general atmosphere of mental slavery.
i dont know how it is, agnes; i seem to want some faculty of mind that i ought to have.
there was a character about madame defarge, from which one might have predicated that she did not often make mistakes against herself in any of the reckonings over which she presided.
oh, indeed you must excuse me, master copperfield!
then back again, three times round the circle, and in and out among the curves, always with that unchanging stateliness of gait.
you are very welcome, i am sure, mr. pip; his hands were now out of his sleeves, and i was shaking them; and let me finally impress one important point upon you.
there is no doubt you do, said i, something hurriedly, for i have seen you give him looks and smiles this very night, such as you never give tome.
please heaven, there will be many such opportunities, said mr. micawber.
i found him still driving at it with a long pen, and his head almost laid upon the paper.
to such the state renders comparatively small service, and a slight tax is wont to appear exorbitant, particularly if they are obliged to earn it by special labor with their hands.
i look back on my life, child, said my aunt, and i think of some who are in their graves, with whom i might have been on kinder terms.
out of the midst of them, the ghostly face would rise, and he would accost it again.
we lived at the top of the last house, and the wind rushing up the river shook the house that night, like discharges of cannon, or breakings of a sea.
both editor and grocer undertake to buy from the producers what will have a ready sale and will satisfy their customers.
enough that i saw no gate then, and that i saw one now.
he was too unfortunate even to come through a supper like anybody else.
before him was one of the vents of the mill in which the fertilizer was being ground--rushing forth in a great brown river, with a spray of the finest dust flung forth in clouds.
thats all right, said he, rubbing his hands.
such a theory is perhaps not capable of being definitely refuted, but it can be shown to be groundless.
she tried to hide her eyes away, but he held her.
upon the top of the bank was a low brick wall, surmounted by an iron railing.
we were all tenants of his--that man's who stands there.
towards mr. pocket, as a grown-up infant with no notion of his own interests, they showed the complacent forbearance i had heard them express.
without them, mr. t. would indeed find it difficult to form the faintest conception of my heart-rending situation.
it is plain, they would answer to this, that you have come from the country, and from very far in the country.
in a sentence like the following there lurks the possibility of overworking a point of view, of riding rough-shod over details that do not immediately swing into line.
warning not to be attracted by you, do you mean, estella?
no crowd was about the door; no people were discernible at any of the many windows; not even a chance passerby was in the street.
why, yes, thats all, except, and she lived happy ever afterwards.
i give it her, and say: i ask an inestimable price for it, miss larkins.
i think two considerations probably influenced him.
that she succeeds very often, the employers who have learned to rely on the bureau will testify.
youll be glad to spend another shilling or so, in almond cakes, i dare say?
it was easy to come in his way, as i knew where he worked.
then he had a sum of money that would have been a fortune to him in the old days of misery--but what could he do with it now?
the trouble is that the weakling must be partial; the work of one proving dank and depressing; of another, cheap and vulgar; of a third, epileptically sensual; of a fourth, sourly ascetic.
we saw birds in the tree branches, and flying from under our footsteps.
rewrite each, in condensed form, in the style of the other.
there are, however, certain complications which must be borne in mind.
herat or ispahan--intricate, stately design on claret ground.
he drags up earth with the grass, which is like making the meadow bleed.
and as for tamoszius--well, they had waited a long time, and they could wait a little longer.
but there wasn't one of them for which i seemed to care a button--not wine, nor friendship, nor eating, nor making love, nor the consciousness of virtue.
she would marry, and would have new claimants on her tenderness; and in doing it, would never know the love for her that had grown up in my heart.
violations of law and of the conventions of society ought to be shown to be wrong, even when the wrong-doer is deserving of some sympathy.
he drew his sleeve across his face, without any pretence of concealing why; and then cleared his voice.
our legislators have not yet learned the comparative value of free-trade and of freedom, of union, and of rectitude, to a nation.
not a girl among them would have sense enough to get up and close windows in case of rain, so i sleep with one ear pricked for the first patter on the roof.
i complain that you really are a little unnatural towards your own family; and, as it is of no use complaining to you.
i had been telling her all that had happened overnight.
the fashion did not shine on him; fashion adored sterne; fashion pronounced kelly to be the great writer of comedy of his day.
it is best if the golden one forget our name and the body which bore that name.
unquestionably, said i--but i am thinking-- yes, masr davy?
i do not believe, however, that we could account on these lines for the entirely different response produced by a narrative and by a description of present facts.
i wanted you to come and stay a few days with us.
summun had run away from mea mana tinkerand hed took the fire with him, and left me wery cold.
berkeley's view, that obviously the colour must be in the mind, seems to depend for its plausibility upon confusing the thing apprehended with the act of apprehension.
it was not because i was faithful, but because joe was faithful, that i never ran away and went for a soldier or a sailor.
the logic used in defence of mysticism seems to me faulty as logic, and in a later lecture i shall criticise it on this ground.
let our lakes receive as true names at least as the icarian sea, where still the shore a brave attempt resounds.
we had broken so many laws, and today we have broken one more.
she cried, and the two stood, pale and trembling, listening.
you wont find half so much fault in me if you think of me in my forge dress, with my hammer in my hand, or even my pipe.
it differs from a sale only in this, that the consideration for each transfer is the counter-transfer of a chattel instead of money.
on land only the grass and trees wave, but the water itself is rippled by the wind.
it was a desperate case, and it was comparatively early days with him then, and he worked it to general admiration; in fact, it may almost be said to have made him.
it is the ultimate consumer, not merely the editor, that he must keep in mind in selecting his material and in writing his article.
when the doctor and i were engaged, he now fell into the custom of walking up and down with mrs. strong, and helping her to trim her favourite flowers, or weed the beds.
when a class which itself contains other possible classes is chosen, a long list of differentia will be necessary.
he was standing before the fire with his back to it, while miss murdstone made the tea.
these are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil in case he do otherwise.
and man saw that all is passing in this mad, monstrous world, that all is struggling to snatch, at any cost, a few brief moments of life before death's inexorable decree.
one full day and one half day off each week, making a total of forty-four hours weekly which is the standard working week in most industrial occupations.
the mother who lay in the grave, was the mother of my infancy; the little creature in her arms, was myself, as i had once been, hushed for ever on her bosom.
finally, tommy hinds had revealed to him the wonderful idea of using the trusts instead of destroying them, and he had sold his farm and come to chicago.
even the little variety which i used was a yielding to the demands of appetite, and not of health.
they stood for a moment blinking in the light.
it puts satisfaction of the social want of general security, stated in its lowest terms, as the purpose of the legal order.
a person's face is always changing, and is not exactly the same on any two occasions.
and in the end he could bear it no more, but buried his face in his hands and burst into tears, to the alarm and amazement of his hosts.
in vain would they all tell him that there were men in that crowd from which he had been chosen who had stood there a month--yes, many months--and not been chosen yet.
it seemed to me that i never had heard the town-clock strike before, nor the evening sounds of the village; for we slept with the windows open, which were inside the grating.
mr. jaggers gave me your note yesterday, and i have lost no time.
you must accept all consequences of that hypothesis.
poetry breaks up the trite conceptions designated by current words into the sensuous qualities out of which those conceptions were originally put together.
he has the powers which the other five have given him for their own good.
for nay part, i cannot see how to separate consciousness from awareness.
every newspaper and magazine has its own distinct typographical style in capitalization, abbreviation, punctuation, hyphenation, and the use of numerical figures.
she pleasantly began, shaking her large head at him.
we feel the peculiar tang of the lincoln personality along with the type qualities of democrat and humorist.
i kissed her as an old acquaintance should, and wished them joy with all my might of heart.
after looking a little at her downcast eyes as she walked beside me, i gave up that point.
said i, in a general way, and with quiet desperation.
we come next, to mere details of arrangement.
after this talk the man made inquiries concerning jurgis, and a couple of days later he came to him with an interesting proposition.
uriah, more blue than white at these words, made a dart at the letter, as if to tear it in pieces.
his clothes were shabby, but he had an imposing shirt-collar on.
it might have been quite heart-breaking, but for dora, who was the stay and anchor of my tempest-driven bark.
let our brother francis and his wife have their society.
i do not wish to say dogmatically that the difference is irreducible; i think it highly probable that it is not.
if he carried the money about with him, he would surely be robbed in the end; and so what was there for him to do but enjoy it while he could?
i have no right to tell you even so much.
you may as well go again me one way as another.
though it prevents my hoeing them, it is of far more worth than my hoeing.
in between that day and this were many things, cities and armies, and a confusion of books, mountains and the desert, and horrible great breadths of sea.
well, dear boy, the danger aint so great.
by courtesy of the publishers, the century company, new york city.
toward evening jurgis came; he had heard the story from the children, and he brought some food and dry wraps, which made it a little easier.
had been your teacher at the present time, she thinks she knows what lesson she would set.
the matthew whose place was to be at miss havishams head, when she lay dead, in her brides dress on the brides table.
to affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
i was thus enabled to fly from the blue boar immediately after breakfast.
this seems to involve our seeing it simultaneously in a number of places, although it must also involve our seeing that it is in some of these places earlier than in others.
that all this wonderful machinery of progress had been created by his fellows--jurgis could not believe it, it seemed too good to be true.
the sides were left shelving, and not stoned; but the sun having never shone on them, the sand still keeps its place.
if we live in the nineteenth century, why should we not enjoy the advantages which the nineteenth century offers?
if there is reason to doubt the correctness of any data in an article, the editor takes pains to check over the facts carefully before publication.
the sister who had not my letter, had her arms crossed on her breast, and resting on each other, like an idol.
perhaps we had better go to your place of residence.
and the mists had all solemnly risen now, and the world lay spread before me.
suddenly i saw a curious, uncomfortable look come over the faces of the family.
but water [specially when tis salt) comes natral to me; and friends is dear, and i am heer.
there seemed to be a slight hint of inquiry about it, and a sudden impulse seized the other.
perhaps a few words here will be of some use in unriddling the mysteries.
you dont remember your own eloquent expressions, master copperfield; but i remember how you said one day that everybody must admire her, and how i thanked you for it!
if we all did what we undertake to do, as faithfully as herbert did, we might live in a republic of the virtues.
the saloon-keeper gazed at him, with his haggard white face and his blue trembling lips.
i never left her afterwards, said peggotty.
i sighted the old boat arter dark, and the light a-shining in the winder.
for the improvements of ages have had but little influence on the essential laws of mans existence; as our skeletons, probably, are not to be distinguished from those of our ancestors.
expect to get anything by this evidence?
this temperature is measured by special instruments called thermal couples--two metals joined and placed in the heat of the flame.
the first type of machine to be developed was for blowing the bottle and finishing it, thus doing away with three of the six men formerly employed in making one bottle.
as far as blood and training go, there is no more genuine american than he.
looking slowly round upon us with the darkest and wickedest expression that his face could wear, he said, in a lower voice: oho!
his hair was quite white now, though his eyebrows were still black.
we had never had a sleeping-in maid at the bungalow before and the problem of where to put her was a serious one.
and i could not respect your sorrow more, if you were my father.
again i looked at her, again i listened to her after she was silent, and again his image, though it was still fixed in my heart, darkened.
don't look like the sort of one to get any, do he?
one night never did the sun go down with a brighter glory on the quiet corner in soho, than one memorable evening when the doctor and his daughter sat under the plane-tree together.
it was a pleasant addition to his naturally pleasant ways, and we got on famously.
she said no more at the time; but she presently stopped and looked at me again; and presently again; and after that, looked frowning and moody.
but i cannot tell you at this time, and i cannot tell you here.
royalty was gone; had been besieged in its palace and suspended, when the last tidings came over.
not long after this, jurgis, wearying of the risks and vicissitudes of miscellaneous crime, was moved to give up the career for that of a politician.
at a time when nothing which is not revolutionary in some way or other can expect to attract much attention i have not been revolutionary in my writings.
all men recognize the right of revolution; that is, the right to refuse allegiance to and to resist the government, when its tyranny or its inefficiency are great and unendurable.
and that standard, express or tacit, is to desire nothing strongly.
i was but a girl; and when so great a change came in the character in which i had so long looked up to him, i think i was sorry.
since this conclusion is false, we must reject the hypothesis upon which it is based, namely that there are consecutive points and instants.
these lend a pleasing mystery to the bottom.
it was a shaded lamp, to shine upon a book, and its circle of light was very contracted; so that he was in it for a mere instant, and then out of it.
she has made a home out of that old boat, sir, that stone and marble couldnt beat.
all acquaintance, such as my acquaintance with the sense-datum which represents the sun, seems obviously a relation between the person acquainted and the object with which the person is acquainted.
i was very uneasy and very uncertain in my mind what to say or do for the best--so was traddles, evidently.
a trying suspense, to be passing a whole summer night on the brink of the black ocean, ready to take that plunge into it upon which monsieur gabelle had resolved!
as he stood staring at them, they asked him no question, for his face told them everything.
scarcely a week passes that does not bring a similar call to our employment office.
in the country districts, much to be recommended.
models of it were worn on breasts from which the cross was discarded, and it was bowed down to and believed in where the cross was denied.
silent, humane, indispensable in hospital and prison, using his art equally among assassins and victims, he was a man apart.
behaviourism has not, however, sprung from observing the folly of men.
he ordered me like a dog, and i obeyed like a dog.
my dear young friend, said mr. micawber, i am older than you; a man of some experience in life, and--and of some experience, in short, in difficulties, generally speaking.
then his father had met with misfortune in business and killed himself; and there had been his mother and a younger brother and sister.
thirty horses stood in his stables, twenty-four male domestics sat in his halls, six body-women waited on his wife.
here is one fishing for pickerel with grown perch for bait.
when our problem has been selected, and the necessary mental discipline has been acquired, the method to be pursued is fairly uniform.
there is no constraint in the case, said i.
this is probably the only extension of the old logic which has become familiar to the general educated public.
the question whether our minds are instruments of knowledge, and, if so, in what sense, is so vital that any suggested analysis of mind must be examined in relation to this question.
do you discover any overlapping of parts?
lowered by the stern, she rights, disengages, and drifts aft with the men clinging to the life-lines.
said i, for he was tending in that direction.
the skin begins to split along the back and the true baby mosquito starts to work himself out.
she held it in one hand now, and with the other lightly touched my shoulder as we walked.
the correlation of the times of different private worlds so as to produce the one all-embracing time of physics is a more difficult matter.
it is wonderful with what elaborateness this simple fact is advertised,this piscine murder will out,and from my distant perch i distinguish the circling undulations when they are half a dozen rods in diameter.
the latter case, it is true, requires a much more cautious exercise of compulsion than the former.
it was not fair to let jurgis and her support the family--the family would have to help as it could.
then make a chronological list of the dates in the life.
i have no more to say, said i, with a sigh, after standing silent for a little while.
there was an abundance of bright lights, and there was music, and there were ladies down in the boxes, and i dont know what more.
the allotted time ran out, while we were thus; but, looking round, i found the governor of the prison standing near me, and he whispered, you neednt go yet.
so they came away, and ona went down to the yards, and at noontime saw jurgis and told him.
joe sat and rolled his eyes at the ceiling.
said miss betsey, shaking her head, and making a distant chop in the air with her knife.
the notice was too short after so long a prepossession the other way.
(i am quite convinced he could not have uttered three words, but for the amazing energy with which this word inspired him when he felt it coming.)
after three days delay, during which the crown prosecution stood over for the production of the witness from the prison-ship, the witness came, and completed the easy case.
but instead of seeking contrivances for this purpose, they have lost those they formerly had.
to all of which, that i might commit nobody, i invented, i am afraid, appropriate answers.
i have deserved this, said emily, but its dreadful!
if we refused, or rather used up, such paltry information as we get, the oracles would distinctly inform us how this might be done.
still less ought the common operations of buying and selling to be interfered with on analogous grounds.
write a similar treatment of fuel power, moral power, physical strength, intellectual power.
miss lavinia and miss clarissa have given their consent; and if ever canary birds were in a flutter, they are.
all this i saw in the first glance after i crossed the threshold--child-like, according to my theory--and then peggotty opened a little door and showed me my bedroom.
she lives with a relative; christian name, unknown; surname, peggotty; occupation, seafaring; also of this town.
the feeling of familiarity has all sorts of degrees, down to the stage where we dimly feel that we have seen a person before.
i am sorry to have heard bad news of mr. barkis, said i. mr. omer looked at me, with a steady countenance, and shook his head.
looked out upon a throng of men and women: not enough in number, or near enough, to fill the courtyard: not more than forty or fifty in all.
i have withdrawn by myself, many times today, to weep.
i confided all to my aunt when i got home; and in spite of all she could say to me, went to bed despairing.
but i regret to state that the fright i had given him proved too much for his best attempts at concealment.
i was the object of her constant solicitude; and my poor mother herself could not have loved me better, or studied more how to make me happy.
certainly you would go to sleep; but in what a frame of mind!
miss skiffins mixed, and i observed that she and wemmick drank out of one glass.
it was said that one who trusts another who makes a promise for no equivalent does so rashly.
enough of this parley, said the sergeant.
the resulting delusions in very many cases disappear if the hysteric or lunatic can be made to face the facts about himself.
dear boy and pips comrade, dont you be afeerd of me being low.
so the cheerful youngster rattled on, until he was tired out.
that was his nephew, i replied; whom he adopted, though, as a son.
it was dreadful to go in at the door again; but, she did go in, and even went near it, to get the bonnet and other things that she must wear.
this was the discipline to which i tried to bring my heart, when i began to think.
o yes, he returned, these are all gifts of that kind.
then they are subject to so many pests that unless constant care is given them they will not bear a hatful of fruit a season.
already the water is lapping at a level of the foredeck.
hence a set of nominate torts, characterized by intentional aggression, is supplemented by liability for negligence, and the latter becomes the more important source of legal liability in practice.
so when i talk of acting and of the spirit of the drama, i speak of what i know.
one day a man came to my hut from lexington to inquire after his hound that made a large track, and had been hunting for a week by himself.
i have started up so vividly impressed by it, that its fury has yet seemed raging in my quiet room, in the still night.
and just as surely if you turn to the familiar figures of your home town, of your family history, and really lay your spirit alongside, you will find deep significance for yourself and for your reader.
as to general reading, dear me, what a lot of it i do get through!
still thinking of the sanction which the constitution gives to slavery, he says, because it was part of the original compact,let it stand.
we do not understand them, but we think that the men of the unmentionable times had known our power of the sky, and these things had some relation to it.
* * * * * in business, as a rule, a man must make what he gets and something over into the bargain.
i believe there is nothing so noble as baldness, replied i, and i am sure there is nothing so interesting.
some you would have called ragamuffins, street urchins, but some were too well washed, combed and laundered for such a designation.
charles evremonde, called darnay, had reason to know the usage; he had seen hundreds pass away so.
when i looked back at joe in the long passage, he was still weighing his hat with the greatest care, and was coming after us in long strides on the tips of his toes.
but now marija was able to call names in english, and so she got the woman who made the mistake to disliking her.
the headmaster and the assistant professor of pleasaunce were discussing the case one spring afternoon and the assistant professor could see no remedy but expulsion.
there remains the stupendous task of transferring the weight of the ship, thousands of tons, from one to the other.
im a going, said he, bringing his fist down upon the table with a heavy blow, and rising as the blow fell to give it greater force,im a going to have your life!
whether i should have noticed him at first but for your being there, said mr. wopsle, going on in the same lost way, i cant be positive; yet i think i should.
fourth: photographs must have life and action.
marija was one of those hungry souls who cling with desperation to the skirts of the retreating muse.
this is mr. micawber, said mr. quinion to me.
the stirring dredges are those employed in the excavation of soils composed of very finely divided particles; they agitate the soils and the material thus brought into suspension is carried away by the action or current of water.
it is often urged that, as a matter of immediate experience, the sensible flux is devoid of divisions, and is falsified by the dissections of the intellect.
and the same applies to our knowledge of other people's minds, or of any other class of things of which no instance is known to us by acquaintance.
i dont remember that any individual object had a bare, pinched, spare look; but i do remember that the whole place had.
but emly had took notice of her, and had gone and spoke to her; and as the young woman was partial to the children herself, they had soon made friends.
the means of satisfying these social wants are found in a legal order conceived solely in terms of keeping the peace.
but peggotty, instead of sharing in those transports, tried to check them (though very kindly), and looked confused and out of sorts.
classification into symmetrical, asymmetrical, and merely non-symmetrical relations is the first of the two classifications we had to consider.
the fact is, i have just begun to keep my terms, after rather a long delay.
it is thus that prominent men and women become familiar to us.
the condition on which i ask it, and which you have an undoubted right to require, i will observe immediately.
i knew you immediately, i said; but you are more easily remembered.
it is generally believed that all images, in their simpler parts, are copies of sensations; if so, their mnemic character is evident.
but first i went downstairs to see mr. wickfield and uriah heep.
also, when we played at cards miss havisham would look on, with a miserly relish of estellas moods, whatever they were.
they stood staring at each other for a few moments longer.
there is nothing half so green that i know anywhere, as the grass of that churchyard; nothing half so shady as its trees; nothing half so quiet as its tombstones.
he took her hair into his hand again, and looked closely at it.
thus the state never intentionally confronts a mans sense, intellectual or moral, but only his body, his senses.
how would you state this apparent purpose in one sentence?
i could not have said what i was afraid of, for my fear was altogether undefined and vague, but there was great fear upon me.
she makes all our pastry, and does all our cooking.
they were the women around whom headlines were written and whose pictures were printed frequently on the first page.
the methods of-instruction by which the remarkable success was attained, impressed him as the next important point.
the heads of our brothers are bowed.
then a quick-action pump is operated to move the rams out so that they come in contact with the rock.
mr. jaggers had seen me with estella, and was not likely to have missed the sentiments i had been at no pains to conceal.
and then theres that woman with the pagan name, said my aunt, that peggotty, she goes and gets married next.
yes, sir, he said, at which master freddie hung tightly upon jurgis's neck and went into a fit of laughter.
then she came out, and took a seat beside me.
he would have to bid farewell to his summer cleanliness, of course, for he would come out of the first night's lodging with his clothes alive with vermin.
dear miss havisham, said miss sarah pocket.
striking statement immigrant girl, unable to speak or beginning write english, went to work in a new note effective use of york garment factory.
when a whole nation lives in this way, the whole nation tends to become feeble, without enough grasp to recognize and overcome the obstacles to its desires.
peet didn't jump off a buffalo dock; he jumped out of his coat and into the fray.
my part in them, said mr. wickfield, shaking his white head, has much matter for regret--for deep regret, and deep contrition, trotwood, you well know.
business had taken herbert on a journey to marseilles.
but the hypothesis of continuity in mental development is clearly preferable if no psychological facts make it impossible.
when have you found me giving admission here, she touched her bosom with her hand, to anything that you excluded?
he staggered toward her and fell upon his knees with a cry of anguish: ona!
we must, therefore, renounce the hope that philosophy can promise satisfaction to our mundane desires.
it was a thoughtful evening with both of us.
so jurgis and ona and teta elzbieta would hold anxious conferences until late at night, trying to figure how they could manage this too without starving.
but jurgis was now a homeless man, wandering over a continent; and what did he know about banking and drafts and letters of credit?
we had made some pale efforts in the beginning to applaud mr. wopsle; but they were too hopeless to be persisted in.
it were always a pity as i was so awful dull; but its no more of a pity now, than it wasthis day twelvemonthdont you see?
mrs. crupp shook her head in such a determined manner, that i had not an inch of vantage-ground left.
this is a form of the argument for religious intolerance, sufficiently remarkable not to be passed without notice.
there were cattle which had been fed on whisky-malt, the refuse of the breweries, and had become what the men called steerly--which means covered with boils.
my right arm was tolerably restored; disfigured, but fairly serviceable.
what would i have given, to have been sent to the hardest school that ever was kept!--to have been taught something, anyhow, anywhere!
besides, i had heard all about our snap before and it was getting on my nerves.
jurgis had started involuntarily; the other, whose sharp eyes missed nothing, demanded: whuzzamatter, hey?
notwithstanding the lapse of time that had occurred since mr. heeps decease, she still wore weeds.
i am the last person to undervalue the self-regarding virtues; they are only second in importance, if even second, to the social.
and for all you know, patching you up may take time that it was planned to use some other way.
dear, tender little dora, so unconscious of this dragons eye!
your servant, and then walking out with me in his most fashionable manner, making a good deal of noise on the pavement with his shoes, and humming a tune as we went.
says mr. chillip, meekly smiling, with something shining in his eye.
sometimes, of course, they are clearly the same.
the case of a person who solicits another to do an act, is not strictly a case of self-regarding conduct.
the draining now commenced, and the expert and the mosquito man were of the same stripe.
the fingers and toes flow to their extent from the thawing mass of the body.
i expressed as much of my astonishment as was then capable of expression, and asked if he could guess what it was that she had taken so much amiss, so suddenly.
steerforth had made a speech about me, in the course of which i had been affected almost to tears.
i have found the engine which produced this light.
he takes orders for us on commission, when he can get any.
you may see his taste by the reading of which he approves.
a man might get on very well here, mr. copperfield, said markham--meaning himself.
then emly unnerstands her; and she answers, bursting out a-crying; and it all comes back!
but the intellectual and what is called spiritual man in him were slumbering as in an infant.
their lists went forth every evening, and were read out by the gaolers of the various prisons to their prisoners.
to every other kind of vegetable and fruit handled in the same way--apples and oranges picked by machinery, cows milked by electricity--things which are already done, as you may know.
she had taken the place of an irishwoman who had been working in that factory ever since any one could remember.
two other types of liability, contractual and relational, must receive brief notice.
the counting-house clock was at half past twelve, and there was general preparation for going to dinner, when mr. quinion tapped at the counting-house window, and beckoned to me to go in.
they raised their hands to their ears, for never had they heard such words as these.
but, he intimated that when she came home he should hope to have the pleasure of entertaining me.
even this, however, does not remove the practical risk of error, since we may mistakenly believe it self-evident that a certain belief is self-evident.
remove them from the fondant with a fork and straighten the leaves neatly with a hatpin or like instrument.
but certain causes are of greater influence in the one class, while different ones obtain in the other.
mr. wickfields at home, maam, said uriah heep, if youll please to walk in there--pointing with his long hand to the room he meant.
said uriah, writhing in a new way with pain.
such an eye was not born when the bird was, but is coeval with the sky it reflects.
early in the morning, the rouleau of gold was left at my door in a little box, with my name on the outside.
if this is the great evil of being alone, then what is good and what is evil?
and our places by the coach are taken, you know.
i knew it, readily, to be the figure that we sought.
one whose desires and impulses are not his own, has no character, no more than a steam-engine has a character.
i beg and pray that no one will leave the room!
young as i was, i believe that i dated a new admiration of joe from that night.
he had never so much as thought of making one, so far as his papers afforded any evidence; for there was no kind of hint, sketch, or memorandum, of any testamentary intention whatever.
said the man with the restless hand and the craving air.
returned estella, with her eyes on me instead.
its deplorable peculiarity was, that it was the faintness of solitude and disuse.
i shall not trouble you now with the grounds for holding as against berkeley that the patch of colour is physical; i have set them forth before, and i see no reason to modify them.
there was pasture enough for my imagination.
people who purchase such products have been accustomed to meeting two different representatives of manufacturers: first, the salesman skilled in selling, but deficient in technical knowledge.
dinner over, we produced a bundle of pens, a copious supply of ink, and a goodly show of writing and blotting paper.
would she be decent to him, or would she scold him?
such a concentration of rage and scorn as darkened her face, and flashed in her jet-black eyes, i could not have thought compressible even into that face.
i have observed her in the court, and i have observed her in the street by the prison.
it is especially and primarily such changes that physics deals with, i.e.
in the first place, there is no difficulty in producing a word, whereas an image cannot always be brought into existence at will, and when it comes it often contains much irrelevant detail.
it was hard for them to realize that the wonderful house was theirs to move into whenever they chose.
it was right and just to adhere to such a pact, but only contracts, undertakings recognized by law because of their form or nature, were enforceable.
crowds of the wicked and the wretched had been reflected in it, and had passed from its surface and this earth's together.
this was mr. cruncher's conclusion after a protracted but vain endeavour to find a better one.
they were taking leave of each other, and agnes was going to embrace her and kiss her, when mr. wickfield stepped between them, as if by accident, and drew agnes quickly away.
the bouillon still remains in the little bulb apparently unchanged.
its pleadings will not bear to be stereotyped.
and she ant over partial to having scholars on the premises, joe continued, and in partickler would not be over partial to my being a scholar, for fear as i might rise.
this second way of classifying particulars is one which obviously has more relevance to psychology than the other.
you dont mean to say its a batter-pudding!
mrs. heep, with a prodigious sniff, resumed her knitting.
it remains to ask whether there are any general philosophical arguments enabling us to say that, if matter is real, it must be of such and such a nature.
he replied, certainly not, and that the lodger was mr. campbell.
there is no natural connection between strong impulses and a weak conscience.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
said mr. jaggers, bending forward to look at his boots and then straightening himself.
its point of view is deftly sharpened, its manner is urbane and charming, without posture or allegorical pseudo-romantics.
these are again the words of jarvis lorry, as he clasps his hands, and looks upward.
my aunt observed, that in a case where both parties were willing to agree to anything, she took it for granted there would be no difficulty in settling this point.
slowing into dunkirk, the banker returned and glanced through the car window.
but our analysis of belief contains three very similar elements, namely the believing, what is believed and the objective.
that appeared to be the last thing about which they had anything to say.
but there was no more money, and theres no more story.
the science of humboldt is one thing, poetry is another thing.
it is well known that a level cannot be used on ice.
but if you do so, they sound utterly unnatural.
the human atmosphere of a reunion (of a class, a family, a group of friends).
he always resolutely answered: nothing can happen to him without my knowledge, and i know that i can save him, lucie.
have the goodness, biddy, to tell me why.
she has the most agreeable of faces,--not absolutely beautiful, but extraordinarily pleasant,--and is one of the most genial, unaffected, frank, engaging creatures i have ever seen.
but in each case it is only the sensation that ought, in strictness, to be called a datum.
of doras being ready, and of miss lavinias hovering about her, loth to lose the pretty toy that has given her so much pleasant occupation.
the experience of the thick-spectacled motor-truck salesman was typical.
we fell, but we never let the box fall from our hands.
i did not attend the funeral in character, if i may venture to say so.
i was wonderfully relieved to find that my aunt and doras aunts rubbed on, all things considered, much more smoothly than i could have expected.
and it was made the more difficult by the unconscious joe.
the essential characteristic of philosophy, which makes it a study distinct from science, is criticism.
i beg your pardon, observed my aunt with a keen look.
this root principle, nucleus, core, kernel can often be stated in one sentence.
you cant have verbal communication with a man in new south wales, you know.
i am so blest, trotwood--my heart is so overcharged--but there is one thing i must say.
nor did either of these sufficiently protect that very important point, the engine-room.
the instructor can therefore often point out insufficiencies in the thought, or wrong relations, which might otherwise stand as defects in the finished work.
every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details, worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
if you are militant about a subject, you should write, not an informal essay, but a treatise or an argument in which full play will be given to your cudgels.
in the long run men hit only what they aim at.
ernest defarge, wine-vendor of st. antoine.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
the time wi compeyson was amost as hard a time as ever i had; that said, alls said.
his cold white head mingled with her radiant hair, which warmed and lighted it as though it were the light of freedom shining on him.
he suffered for this on several occasions; and particularly once, when steerforth laughed in church, and the beadle thought it was traddles, and took him out.
madame defarge was not likely to follow these idiomatic remarks in detail; but, she so far understood them as to perceive that she was set at naught.
indifference of the mundane brand is not to be confounded with their detachment, which is emancipation wrought in the soul, and the ineffable efflorescence of the christian spirit.
above all, one hideous figure grew as familiar as if it had been before the general gaze from the foundations of the world--the figure of the sharp female called la guillotine.
it receives and transmits the blow, and also prevents the drill end from entering the cylinder.
and we always took care that the action happened in some place that was worth while, not simply in an ordinary room with ordinary furniture, the way it is in the new drama.
that is, i supposed i was going to be society reporter, but before very long i found myself doing police assignments, sport, editing telegraph, and whatever the occasion demanded.
we came, repeated mrs. micawber, and saw the medway.
but, now i believe that the mark of the red cross is fatal to them, and that they have no part in his mercies.
it is not often a beautiful relation, as in the case of the animals.
yet this is no professional performance, but the work of amateurs.
having so favourable an opportunity, it occurred to me to ask mr. omer, before our conversation should be interrupted by the return of his daughter and her husband, whether he knew anything of martha.
i have never knowd her to be lone and lorn, for a single minute, not even when the colony was all afore us, and we was new to it.
for ten years i have been what may be classified as a small town newspaper woman, serving in every capacity from society reporter to city and managing editor.
the ragged nests, so long deserted by the rooks, were gone; and the trees were lopped and topped out of their remembered shapes.
if you would come and see us, any afternoon, and take a cup of tea at our lowly dwelling, mother would be as proud of your company as i should be.
the chairman was explaining that a collection would now be taken up to defray the expenses of the meeting, and for the benefit of the campaign fund of the party.
i began one, how can i ever hope, my dear agnes, to efface from your remembrance the disgusting impression--there i didnt like it, and then i tore it up.
never shall i forget the lonely sensation of first lying down, without a roof above my head!
he fought like a tiger, writhing and twisting, half flinging them off, and starting toward his unconscious enemy.
he shook his head when i then asked him if she had recovered.
ask him, said herbert, when we sit at breakfast in the morning.
as for men, they will hardly fail one any where.
then be it so, said the doctor, clapping me on the shoulder, and still keeping his hand there, as we still walked up and down.
he said he had been with lucie until just now, and had only left her for a few minutes, to come and keep his appointment.
do you not know that if he were in st. petersburg now, he would take the whip with which he drove out the bankers from his temple-- here the speaker paused an instant for breath.
* * * * he made shoes, he made shoes, he made shoes.
i ask your pardon, miss trotwood, returned uriah; im aware youre nervous.
if you and mr. david will leave me for a short nap, ill try and find it when i wake.
he died in the road at the foot of bristers hill shortly after i came to the woods, so that i have not remembered him as a neighbor.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the workers in each of them had their own peculiar diseases.
thats why i should like so much to be a lady.
when i say ill do a thing, i do it, said mr. creakle; and when i say i will have a thing done, i will have it done.
if no books had been written, the failure of that conflict to get itself embodied in some masterpieces would be less disconcerting.
the ceiling was merely the inner surface of the roof.
when we are at home here, of an evening, and shut the outer door, and draw those curtains--which she made--where could we be more snug?
no, said the doctor, in a sorrowful tone.
once upon a time there lived an emperor who was a sage and something of a literary man.
he decided that he would first try to get work, and so he put in the rest of the day wandering here and there among factories and warehouses without success.
said the trembling spy, as he paused for a last moment.
but he will perish; there is no real hope.
my aunt, very pale, and with deep lines in her face, sat immovable until i had finished; when some stray tears found their way to her cheeks, and she put her hand on mine.
let us suppose three drill-sergeants, a, a, and a, standing in a row, while the two files of soldiers march past them in opposite directions.
his purse and his heart were everybody's, and his friend's as much as his own.
from yet another machine came tens of thousands of steel burs to fit upon these bolts.
if i knew so wise a man as could teach me purity i would go to seek him forthwith.
a plump of ducks rose at the same time and took the route to the north in the wake of their noisier cousins.
it--it--would have been more kind, sir, more just, sir.
so you kiss my hand as if i were a queen, eh?well?
which would be most likely to cut his fingers?...
then the pit is filled with successive layers of crushed stone graduated in fineness to the size of gravel and then covered with a deep layer of fine sand.
indeed, it probably does not exist anywhere.
ubi bene subegeris, defingito, coquitoque sub testu.
the only independent one among them, he warned her that she was doing too much for this man, and was placing herself too unreservedly in his power.
when we had seen all the rooms of the house, we looked at the golden one and we both knew the thought in our minds.
simultaneity, again, is a symmetrical relation; so is equality in size.
tell the tailors, said he, to remember to make a knot in their thread before they take the first stitch.
i hope i never shall be otherwise than umble.
there may be black ingratitude in the thing, and the punishment may be retributive and well deserved; but that it is a miserable thing, i can testify.
sponges from the caribbean sea and the gulf of mexico.
i confess that i have hitherto indulged very little in philanthropic enterprises.
and in so doing he has staged one of the best demonstrations in rural america.
this earthquake and physical-power doctrine is a most dangerous one for any time or people, but is peculiarly dangerous in this country at this time.
or i heard the peep of the young when i could not see the parent bird.
there had come to scully a proposition to nominate a certain rich brewer who lived upon a swell boulevard that skirted the district, and who coveted the big badge and the honorable of an alderman.
at any rate, it is the view which i shall adopt in these lectures.
if you will lock the door to secure us from interruption, i do not doubt that you will find him, when you come back, as quiet as you leave him.
instead of that, said i, plucking up more grass and chewing a blade or two, see how i am going on.
dear, dear lady, think what i have suffered, and how i am fallen!
i hired another girl and relegated the man to the kitchen except in case of emergency.
hes a going out with the tide, said mr. peggotty to me, behind his hand.
the coming of this boy was a decisive event with jurgis.
mr. spenlow shut the door, motioned me to a chair, and stood on the hearth-rug in front of the fireplace.
juozapas was away raking in the dump a good part of the time, and elzbieta and marija were hunting for more work.
it is against all the rules and all the laws!
madame and the children chattered their surprise and delight to each other, and every exhibit called for a new outburst.
but then, mr. waldengarver looked up at us complacently, and said, gentlemen, how did it seem to you, to go, in front?
the spring has come with its green crop.
estella left me standing near the door, and i stood there until miss havisham cast her eyes upon me from the dressing-table.
you think it justifiable, do you, copperfield, you who pride yourself so much on your honour and all the rest of it, to sneak about my place, eaves-dropping with my clerk?
and what did we ask in return for these many unnoticed renunciations?
there are always home economics graduates in every town who could help give the course, and there are excellent housekeepers who excel in some branch who could give a talk or two.
i have still a latent belief that she must have been mrs. crupps daughter in disguise, we had such an awful time of it with mary anne.
i never in my life so lost count of time with any one before or since....
dicey, law and public opinion in england, lect.
he affects a tough aspect, wearing his hat on one side and keeping a cigarette in his mouth all the evening.
if mr. copperfield wishes to know anything from me, i take the liberty of reminding mr. copperfield that he can put a question to me.
and you will be right, said mrs. steerforth.
do you know where mr. matthew pocket lives?
you've got to know whether it standardizes production and marketing, or just markets by as many methods as there are producers.
now, the irregular appearances of the star are not, strictly speaking, members of the system which is the star, according to our definition of matter.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
and now, why is it all so different with the beef trust?
you ought to be able to write one thing and listen to another at the same time.
i told her i should like it very much, i hoped; but i was a little strange to it at first.
our appearance in a shop was a signal for the damaged goods to be brought out immediately.
when the article makes a serious appeal, the title should be dignified.
four weeks marija hunted, and half of a fifth week.
if thinks must go contrary with me, and i must go contrary myself, let me go contrary in my parish.
this question of the nature of the object also affects the view we take of self-consciousness.
men on lighters and a working-party of bluejackets turned to stare at the incredible machine with its load.
you dont think at all of what i shall do, in return; or of getting yourself into trouble for conspiracy and so forth?
instead of good cuts of beef i had to select second or third quality from the rising young butcher, who, by the way, has since risen to the dignity of a touring car.
the carrier had a way of keeping his head down, like his horse, and of drooping sleepily forward as he drove, with one of his arms on each of his knees.
yes, he knew the work, the whole of it, and he could teach it to others.
if you guard against the morbid or sentimental effusive style, and really tell, honestly and attractively, what you find good in the subject, your criticism is likely to be of value.
it will be of no use your rubbing yourselves; you wont rub the marks out that i shall give you.
take care of the dear husband you have recovered, and don't move your pretty head from his shoulder as you have it now, till you see me again!
said the questioner, nodding encouragement.
well, said my aunt, this is his boy--his son.
it was not because i had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, but because joe had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, that i worked with tolerable zeal against the grain.
thus in this form the question reduces to the question whether we can know that objects of sense, or any other objects not our own thoughts and feelings, exist at times when we are not perceiving them.
but it has proved to have abundant vitality, has been extended by legislation in some states to carriers of passengers and has been upheld by recent legislation everywhere.
its better than a hundred pounds to hear you say so!
on hearing footsteps close at hand, these three turned, and rose, and showed themselves to be the three of one name who had been drinking in the wine-shop.
such consciousness in the only sense in which it can be said to exist is a matter of reflective judgment consisting in the observation of similarities and differences.
the act of running towards the train, on the other hand, has no instinctive element about it.
and you, said i, are the pale young gentleman!
though it was merely to make a poor joke out of a not objectionable necessity, my plan, as it turned out, was far wiser than i realized.
the early american industrial conditions differed from those of europe in that they were fluid, and as a result of this instability, extremely precarious.
he was jerked out of the way, into a room with the convicted prisoners, where he sat and wept like a child in his impotent rage.
and nodded at the fire: to which, i am persuaded, she gave the credit of the whole performance.
the newly completed institution, although not the largest hospital of the kind, is the best equipped and finest appointed.
there is a plenty of such chairs as i like best in the village garrets to be had for taking them away.
so he tramped on until exercise and fresh air banished his headache, and his strength and joy returned.
he writhed himself quite off his stool in the excitement of his feelings, and, being off, began to make arrangements for going home.
i'm an honest working-man, sir, and i never begged before!
the other had another look around, and then wrinkled up his nose.
i was going to wish her many happy returns, when she lifted her stick.
on the top of the gallows is fixed the knife, blade upwards, with its point in the air.
but she remained before me as plainly as if she were still there.
it was the sergeant who had spoken to me, and he was now looking round at the company, with his handcuffs invitingly extended towards them in his right hand, and his left on my shoulder.
said stryver, slapping the desk with his contentious hand, opening his eyes wider, and taking a long breath, if i understand you, mr. lorry, i'll be hanged!
in knowledge of the future, it is obvious that they are totally distinct, since otherwise the response would precede the stimulus.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
she listened to her father as he told her about me, with a pleasant face; and when he had concluded, proposed to my aunt that we should go upstairs and see my room.
instead of looking for a physical defect in the brain, those who treat delusions look for the repressed desire which has found this contorted mode of expression.
and regarding that name of pross, likewise.
it is a bigger job than the world cares to undertake to teach any other nation so much.
the popularization of the contents of all kinds of scientific and technical publications affords great opportunities for the writer who can present such subjects effectively.
cried little emly, sobbing, and shaking her head.
but this point is not important in the present connection.
traddles, said i, mr. micawber dont mean any harm, poor fellow: but, if i were you, i wouldnt lend him anything.
by and by she put her other hand on my shoulder; and so we both sat, looking into the past, without saying another word, until we parted for the night.
and to sleep long and sound, he answered; for ive been sea-tossed and sea-washed, months and months.
he could see by the snow against the street lamps that the train was apparently running in the opposite direction.
first of all take stock of your reader and his knowledge of the subject and then write in accordance with your discoveries.
but, then, whatever hand or eye i imagine, it must have some particular shape and colour.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
but seeing me, she called me her dear davy, her own boy!
it is often said, as though it were a self-evident truism, that we cannot know that anything exists which we do not know.
the family name can suffer from me in no other, for i bear it in no other.
for legal purposes reality was to be found in this ideal, perfect, natural law, and its organ was juristic reason.
he had to catch himself now and then, and lean against a building and get his bearings.
said freddie, sympathetically; he had leaned back in the big chair, putting his arm behind his head and gazing at jurgis.
if i were dead, that could not be surer than it is henceforth.
monseigneur, they are so many, they increase so fast, there is so much want.
it was a long story, and the spirit which moved it was the spirit of mans freedom.
when the song is over, it is time for the speech, and old dede antanas rises to his feet.
how could they find out that their tea and coffee, their sugar and flour, had been doctored; that their canned peas had been colored with copper salts, and their fruit jams with aniline dyes?
he too, however, occupies an equally narrow house at present.
in the monotony of my life, and in my constant apprehension of the re-opening of the school, it was such an insupportable affliction!
it was a striking circumstance that jonas, too, had gotten his job by the misfortune of some other person.
word-propositions, like image-propositions, are always positive facts.
for example, if you fall over a cliff, you move under the influence of gravitation, and your centre of gravity describes just as correct a parabola as if you were already dead.
wouldnt that make a difference, copperfield?
she was in her chair near the old table, in the old dress, with her two hands crossed on her stick, her chin resting on them, and her eyes on the fire.
his generous wisdom and infectious enthusiasm are delightfully expressed in his collected writings.
the value of a good beginning for a news story, a special feature article, or a short story results from the way in which most persons read newspapers and magazines.
these boats gave more or less irregular service until withdrawn because of their failure to pay expenses.
mr. copperfield, i trust, as an old and familiar friend, will not object to receive occasional intelligence, himself, from one who knew him when the twins were yet unconscious?
if i came into the room where they were, and they were talking together and my mother seemed cheerful, an anxious cloud would steal over her face from the moment of my entrance.
she wish, were pumblechooks word, to speak to you.
the beginning, whether a single paragraph in form, or a single paragraph in essence, although actually broken up into two or more short paragraphs, should produce on the mind of the reader a unified impression.
feeling sure that it was necessary for papas peace that the sacrifice should be made, i entreated him to make it.
i recollect talking about it, said i, though i certainly did not think it very likely then.
i suppose, with a jerk, you have sometimes plucked a pear before it was ripe, master copperfield?
the old man meant well, of course, but he failed to simplify.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
or stock will nip off the new leaves and shoots and the result is the same.
the instinct is an extension of the instinct which constitutes a flock of sheep, or any other group of gregarious animals.
please, ma'am, he began, could you lend me the price of a night's lodging?
he turned a little, carefully, so that he could see her better; then he began to watch her, fascinated.
on the contrary, it is as much, and even more indispensable, to enable average human beings to attain the mental stature which they are capable of.
the next in reversion--you understand me?
the next size, costing five cents each, will hold two very small chickens, or one large chicken.
swine, pursued mr. wopsle, in his deepest voice, and pointing his fork at my blushes, as if he were mentioning my christian name,swine were the companions of the prodigal.
the first necessity is the choosing of a basis for division of the subject, whether it be in classification or partition.
i think there could be no better illustration of what it means to be poor in a great town.
soon raising his head again, he struck twice or thrice upon the door--evidently with no other object than to make a noise there.
this broad field which i have looked at so long looks not to me as the principal cultivator, but away from me to influences more genial to it, which water and make it green.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
there were the hoisters, as they were called, whose task it was to press the lever which lifted the dead cattle off the floor.
this is very natural and human, but, like so many very natural and human things, very silly.
being inserted between them and the brass.
our treasure was warranted sober and honest.
the packers need good men, and need them bad, continued the other, and they'll treat a man right that stands by them.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
hide yourself, she pursued, if not at home, somewhere.
to preserve wild animals implies generally the creation of a forest for them to dwell in or resort to.
such whims are only impressive as we originate them, i think; they are not to be communicated.
i remember one well-known bachelor of arts who answered to the name of spud, a rather vulgar little man.
such a comparison will show the writer the amount and character of the editing that was deemed necessary to adapt the material to the publication in which it appears.
we stopped and we saw that their eyes, so hard and scornful to the world, were looking at us as if they would obey any word we might speak.
there is no logical impossibility in the supposition that the whole of life is a dream, in which we ourselves create all the objects that come before us.
you will not ask me sich a thing, for you are better acquainted with me than to suppose me capable of doing what i cannot do with ampial satisfaction to my own feelings!
with this on his mind, which was enough to carry into a dreary prison courtyard, he arrived at the prison of la force.
the curse of those occasions is heavy upon me, for i always remember them.
the clouds that visit its sky reveal themselves beyond the one great rise, and sail, white and enormous, to the other, and sink beyond that other.
mrs. peggotty with the white apron, was knitting on the opposite side of the fire.
first we lifted the packs from one another's aching shoulders: then, without spreading our blankets, we lay down on the bare boards.
the decks are now angled to the deepening pitch of the bows.
try looking for a home assistant for four hours a day to relieve you of just this work.
my dearest love, said i, the crust well-earned-- oh, yes; but i dont want to hear any more about crusts!
i heard the side-door open, and steps come across the courtyard; but i pretended not to hear, even when the gate swung on its rusty hinges.
but as he sat gloating over me, i was supported by a scornful detestation of him that sealed my lips.
the time was to come, when that wine too would be spilled on the street-stones, and when the stain of it would be red upon many there.
he was gobbling mincemeat, meatbone, bread, cheese, and pork pie, all at once: staring distrustfully while he did so at the mist all round us, and often stoppingeven stopping his jawsto listen.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
they sit in the sun in summer and they sit by the fire in winter.
micawber, tell em to let miss agnes know--and mother.
mr. micawber then smiled, settled his chin again, and looked about him.
the moment i come to you, take me in, and drive away.
good could never come of such evil, a happier end was not in nature to so unhappy a beginning.
i do not doubt your loving lucie; you may be satisfied of it.
the hunter marks their course and the next day looks them up.
now and then he would quiver with a sudden spasm of horror, at the picture of little stanislovas shut up in the deserted building and fighting for his life with the rats!
charles evremonde, called darnay, was at length arraigned.
i was guarded in my answer, for i was troubled in my mind with what i had heard and seen.
minnie coloured a little, and the other two girls smiled at one another.
how exceedingly miserable i was, that night!
my room-mate was introduced to me by the jailer as a first-rate fellow and a clever man.
as soon as the vessel had been purchased by the savannah ship merchants, the work of installing the engine was begun.
often enough we quarreled after we had been caught in some sudden temptation that set us back a pretty penny, and we were inevitably bored and cross when we refused some gayety for economy's sake.
the difference between mind and matter is increased partly by emphasizing these supposed introspective data, partly by the supposition that matter is composed of atoms or electrons or whatever units physics may at the moment prefer.
its beauty, to a soul not worthy of it, is unendurable; but to a soul which has conquered fate it is the key of religion.
you know my vagabond and restless habits.
i addressed myself to a man behind the counter, who was weighing some rice for a young woman; but the latter, taking the inquiry to herself, turned round quickly.
to aid in counteracting the effects of long hours at the sewing machines, we have physical culture exercises.
he was drawing his hand from his breast; the prisoner chancing to look up in his hurried wonder as he wrote, the hand stopped, closing upon something.
please take julia mills and me and jip to putney!
during the last ten years we shall indulge ourself in many things that we have been forced by circumstances to forego.
the brother distrusted and disliked her, and his influence was all opposed to her; she stood in dread of him, and in dread of her husband too.
mr. spenlow apologetically murmured his assent.
now and then he would raise himself and stare at the white mask before him, then hide his eyes because he could not bear it.
those words, how they smack of the warm and spawning earth, of the life of creatures that cannot rise above the soil!
for these better sorts at least the good old rule was, when you began on one cask always to have in another.
we seized their body and we pressed our lips to theirs.
this is the reason why the past has such magical power.
i must confess to having entertained my suspicions of miss spenlow, in reference to david copperfield, for some time.
i knew that men rarely read the social column.
this citizen, pointing out the second who had entered, is from saint antoine.
all that has ever been in my mind, since i was married, she said in a low, submissive, tender voice, i will lay bare before you.
you expected, said miss havisham, as she looked them over, no premium with the boy?
when we were in a side alley, he turned and asked, how did you think he looked?i dressed him.
the blue-flies buzzed again, and mr. attorney-general called mr. jarvis lorry.
there was something wonderfully hopeful about his general air, and something that at the same time whispered to me he would never be very successful or rich.
i am very ignorant, and it troubles me--just a little.
but i didnt like that sort of thing--and i dont!
he said i wasnt at all what he expected, and so he married his housekeeper.
i am not a bad compiler, copperfield, said traddles, preserving the same air of cheerful confidence in all he said, but i have no invention at all; not a particle.
by and by he turned to peggotty again, and repeating, are you pretty comfortable though?
i doubt if i should have had any, though there had been a swiss snow-drift in the kent road.
she gave her evidence in the gamest way, and was highly complimented by the bench, and cheered right home to her lodgings.
but since my duty has not been incompatible with the admission of that remembrance, i have given it a place in my heart.
moreover, the editor and the assistant editor have before them the comments of several readers with which to compare their own impressions.
yes, and again, as we walk home, i note some neighbours looking at my mother and at me, and whispering.
her uncertainty lasted but a moment; she hurried back, and tapped at his door, and softly called to him.
such a view, however, is obviously untenable in many cases, especially where instinct is concerned.
domestic animals expect food when they see the person who usually feeds them.
now we must discover how to set the reader's emotions afire in so far as we desire such an effect.
in this case, what we really know beyond reasonable doubt is that certain men, a, b, c, were mortal, since, in fact, they have died.
she might be firm, and must be; but only in bearing their firmness, and firmly believing there was no other firmness upon earth.
jurgis became once more a besieger of factory gates.
so far as the law goes, other individual or social wants are ignored or are sacrificed to this one.
a logical development of a subject by which the reader is led, step by step, from the first sentence to the last in the easiest and most natural way, is the ideal arrangement.
as has been told, the primary advantage of the wood-pulp paper was its immediate absorption of ink.
i assure you, mr. omer, she has said so to me, i returned eagerly, when we were both children.
jerry, if you wish to take something to eat, you can.
however, i began, with the assistance of the son of a professional man, who had been to salem house--yawler, with his nose on one side.
i seemed now to be awake and in an adorable captivity.
but, the glorious sun, rising, seemed to strike those words, that burden of the night, straight and warm to his heart in its long bright rays.
it is not enough that the axioms from which we start should be self-evident: it is necessary also that, at each step in the reasoning, the connexion of premiss and conclusion should be self-evident.
well, i replied; perhaps it was a little dry.
i sat with provis last night, handel, two good hours.
while almost all men feel an attraction drawing them to society, few are attracted strongly to nature.
but let us first narrow its scope as far as possible.
you were always driving and riving and shouldering and passing, to that restless degree that i had no chance for my life but in rust and repose.
history teems with instances of truth put down by persecution.
this is the so-called doctrine of free trade, which rests on grounds different from, though equally solid with, the principle of individual liberty asserted in this essay.
the fact is--but i have an appointment at the bank, if youll have the goodness to excuse me.
i fancied, indeed, that he sometimes chuckled audibly over this reflection, but the carrier said he was only troubled with a cough.
it is through the cultivation of these, that society both does its duty and protects its interests: not by rejecting the stuff of which heroes are made, because it knows not how to make them.
but suppose there was no exchange of promises nor was anything exchanged for the promise.
said the clerk, in a low voice, giving him a stir with his elbow.
you are to take me there, and bring me back, if you will.
in the dust and the steam the electric lights would shine like far-off twinkling stars--red and blue-green and purple stars, according to the color of the mist and the brew from which it came.
she will try to do well, said little emly.
moreover, when at the pond, i wished sometimes to add fish to my fare for variety.
it can be rendered harmless only by being given free play so long as it is not predatory.
empirically it seems plain that the great majority of our volitions have causes, but it cannot, on this account, be held necessarily certain that all have causes.
the result would be that the farmer would get no better offer than six cents.
asked madame defarge, with a lowering smile.
he had his fears that our umbleness stood in the way, and i joined in them myself.
in a little while she sat among the stones, holding her wretched head with both her hands.
is still for many people sufficient reason for believing anything, however untrue, illogical, impossible it may be.
a man neednt go far to find a subject, if hes ready with his salt-box.
by using a conversation between a hostess and her guest, another writer in the same farm journal succeeded in giving in a novel way some directions for preparing celery.
it was never bewitching, she said, laughing.
the visitor sees that others are entering those august portals, and so he, too, makes bold to step softly inside.
mr. lorry reddened as if he were conscious of having debated the point in his mind, and mr. carton made his way to the outside of the bar.
the court's face was turned from honest oliver; the court patronized beattie.
not that trabbs boy was of a malignant nature, but that he had too much spare vivacity, and that it was in his constitution to want variety and excitement at anybodys expense.
instead of going straight to the gate, too, she stepped back into the passage, and beckoned me.
mr. mell, with his elbows on his desk and his face in his hands, sat, for some moments, quite still.
it appeared to me that he never thought of being observed by anyone; but was so intent upon her, and upon his own thoughts in connexion with her, as to be quite absorbed.
this is very kind of you, masr davy, said mr. peggotty.
but for these random movements, they would never acquire the experience which afterwards enables them to produce the right movement.
he said not a word, however, and miss pross, exploring the depths of her reticule through her tears with great difficulty paid for her wine.
it seems, said herbert, theres a bandage off most charmingly, and now comes the cool one,makes you shrink at first, my poor dear fellow, dont it?
it was that, in my being brought low, he saw the finger of providence.
the first and the main thing to be done, said herbert, is to get him out of england.
it contained besides a quantity of underfed poultry one white church, one white mairie, and nine white houses.
mr. jones is ordinarily cynical enough, candid enough, as we shall see.
damn it, i would pay you if i could, but i tell you i haven't got it.
the common degrees of these are easily distinguished, though it is not impossible but in particular instances they may very nearly approach to each other.
the speaker sank into one of the big armchairs, and admiral dewey crouched beneath it; he did not snarl again, but he never took his eyes off jurgis.
so, you havent dined with mr. jaggers yet?
do you know what my great grandfathers name was?
then our hands seized a branch and swung us high into a tree, with no aim save the wonder of learning the strength of our body.
go away now, trotwood, for my sake, and ask your friends to take you home.
the russian prince is a client of yours, is he?
and she brought nearer to the fire all the chairs the establishment possessed and some chests and boxes to be used as seats.
jerry, said mr. cruncher, apostrophising himself in his usual way, you see that there cly that day, and you see with your own eyes that he was a young 'un and a straight made 'un.
all this he did, methodically, and with as loud and harsh an accompaniment of noise as he could make.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
the first is the method of elimination, that is, the method of defining a thing by telling what it is not, by eliminating all things with which it might become confused.
they are so much alike that you would say they must be connected under ground.
at times imperial and menacing, my king may conquer, with goodly backing from his yeomen and his chivalry.
as for adopting the ways which the state has provided for remedying the evil, i know not of such ways.
when he came home that night he was in a very somber mood, having begun to see at last how those might be right who had laughed at him for his faith in america.
but the dog that was written of must have been a big dog.
it is the codman place, affirmed another.
this is the only way, we say; but there are as many ways as there can be drawn radii from one centre.
for a city man of not too robust health but of considerable wealth who wishes a reasonably quiet pleasant existence.
there was respect for a tomb, even for the tomb of a god.
it being market morning at a neighboring town some ten miles off, mr. pumblechook was not at home.
the examinations, however, in the higher branches of knowledge should, i conceive, be entirely voluntary.
when i see the sun, i am often aware of my seeing the sun; thus 'my seeing the sun' is an object with which i have acquaintance.
assured of this, i softly removed the key to the outside of his door, and turned it on him before i again sat down by the fire.
declines to explain further, though much pressed.
as if he had never heard of ubiquitous jacques in his time.
we had fallen completely in love with each other.
my next example was recently quoted from shakespeare as an example of the poets colour sense.
it was said by the boss at durham's that he had gotten his week's money and left there.
this may or may not be true--in fact, it is true in some cases but not in others.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
the realization of my boyish day-dreams is at hand.
so, i presented joe to herbert, who held out his hand; but joe backed from it, and held on by the birds-nest.
so far as immediate certainty goes, it might be that the something which sees the brown colour is quite momentary, and not the same as the something which has some different experience the next moment.
so the books say; but i dont see how that can be.
it was a customary expression of a principle of natural law.
he would have risen against all constraint; but he found himself the monarch of the place, and he haughtily determined to be worthy of his station.
thats just his character, said i. hes as brave as a lion, and you cant think how frank he is, mr. peggotty.
any one of these three questions may be used to define introspection.
to show the relief gained for the farmers.
they love the soil which makes their graves, but have no sympathy with the spirit which may still animate their clay.
he had a paper-bag under each arm and a pottle of strawberries in one hand, and was out of breath.
i should be there again soon, no doubt; i might sleep again--perhaps often--in my old room; but the days of my inhabiting there were gone, and the old time was past.
hence they could not be the subjects of private ownership.
anything to equal the determined reticence of mr. jaggers under that roof i never saw elsewhere, even in him.
but perhaps a man is not required to bury himself.
this economic interpretation of law takes many forms.
citizen doctor, said the first, with his former reluctance, ask no more.
in due time i received the desired permission, and ordered the labels printed.
recommendation is not the word, mr. pip.
quite an elegant dish of fish; the kidney-end of a loin of veal, roasted; fried sausage-meat; a partridge, and a pudding.
the weakness in the parcel-post delivery lies in the fact that perishable products--such as dressed chickens--cannot be handled in warm weather.
and i aint a master-mind, joe resumed, when he had unfixed his look, and got back to his whisker.
it was the settled manner of a tired man, who had wandered and struggled and got lost, but who at length struck into his road and saw its end.
how many people will miss you when you leave it empty!
this view has, however, been often questioned.
as quick as i can, said marija, and she stood up and began putting on her corsets with feverish haste.
all intellectual and artistic ambitions are permissible, up to and even beyond the limit of prudent sanity.
we were all going to follow, and were all in course of being tied up separately (by trabb) into ridiculous bundles.
no, maam, i am very sorry for you, and very sorry i cant play just now.
but it is not, in itself, a good or admirable feeling.
during the years of my childhood and girlhood, our family passed from wealth to poverty.
its a most extraordinary world, observed my aunt, rubbing her nose; how that woman ever got into it with that name, is unaccountable to me.
i have reason to remember this, and think of it with awe; for before i looked upon those two again, a stormy sea had risen to their feet.
silence is renewed, and i can hear the musical creaking of four starlings in an apple tree as they eviscerate a few rotten apples on the upper branches.
general security in its lowest terms of peace and order was the pressing social interest.
for this reason, much as i agree with his view as to what are the objects of which there is awareness, i cannot wholly agree with his conclusion as to the impossibility of introspection.
i am sure that the best part of it might still be; i am sure that you might be much, much worthier of yourself.
why didnt you say, you hard-hearted thing, that you were convinced i was worse than a transported page?
for more than five years i maintained myself thus solely by the labor of my hands, and i found, that by working about six weeks in a year, i could meet all the expenses of living.
it was alena jasaityte, who had been the belle of his wedding feast!
mrs. crupp always called me mr. copperfull: firstly, no doubt, because it was not my name; and secondly, i am inclined to think, in some indistinct association with a washing-day.
unhappily, this is one of the free gifts of the gods, unevenly distributed, not bestowed on all, or on all in equal portions.
ona's heart sank, for the house was not as it was shown in the picture; the color scheme was different, for one thing, and then it did not seem quite so big.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
jokubas had recently been reading a newspaper article which was full of statistics such as that, and he was very proud as he repeated them and made his guests cry out with wonder.
they were ruins that interested me chiefly.
when the man had assented, he inquired, how much will it cost me?
that barkis is willing, i repeated, innocently.
here, when we go in, is a crowd of them, running down to the door, and handing traddles about to be kissed, until he is out of breath.
i work in the stockyards--at least i did until the other day.
when we speak of a free government, we mean a government in which the sovereign power is divided, in which a single decision is not absolute, where argument has an office.
in the midst of the melee marija recollected that she did not have her bankbook, and could not get her money anyway, so she fought her way out and started on a run for home.
the butler had closed the door, and he stood by it, watching jurgis every second.
it would have rankled in me more than it did, if i had not regarded myself as eliciting it by being so set apart for her and assigned to her.
do you recollect, said i, a certain wild way in which he looked out to sea, and spoke about the end of it?
we have only the hazard of a quick out-throw of the remaining boat and the chances of a grip on floating wreckage to count upon.
i had found a packet of letters awaiting me but a few minutes before, and had strolled out of the village to read them while my supper was making ready.
weston, late master, and now published by john weston, present master, of the academy at greenwich.
david, said mr. murdstone, one day after dinner when i was going to leave the room as usual; i am sorry to observe that you are of a sullen disposition.
you are my true friend, i know, if i have any in the world.
he was crossing you and wheedling you, i saw; and you were soft wax in his hands, i saw.
i cant think what papa can have been about, when he chose such a vexatious thing to be my companion.
it was enough that acquisition of land and movables and private ownership of them were part of the existing social system.
i assure mr. t. t. that i would not intrude upon his kindness, were i in any other position than on the confines of distraction.
traddles and i both expressed, by a feeling murmur, that this great discovery was no doubt true of mr. micawber, and that it did him much credit.
i was none too soon; for the boat-builder, with a lantern in his hand, was locking the yard-gate.
the shadows of poverty and meanness gather around us, and lo!
but he did not mind this much--it was a promise that summer was coming.
he had been out early with the chaise-cart, and had called at the forge and heard the news.
if you had, pursued mr. lorry, perhaps you would attend to it.
every successful writer, consciously or unconsciously, thus pictures his readers to himself.
his father (if we remember rightly) was one of walt whitman's staunchest friends in the camden days.
most fearful they are to contemplate, the expenses of this entertainment.
whenever the cars stopped a warm breeze blew upon him, a breeze laden with the perfume of fresh fields, of honeysuckle and clover.
there was something so bright and remarkable in his look, that, for the first moment, the prisoner misdoubted him to be an apparition of his own imagining.
we need a theory which recognizes the administrative element as a legitimate part of the judicial function and insists that individualization in the application of legal precepts is no less important than the contents of those precepts themselves.
they could not understand why the union had not prevented it, and the very first time she attended a meeting marija got up and made a speech about it.
next we shall find in all theories of the nature of law a picture of a determinate and mechanically absolute mode of proceeding from the fixed and absolute starting point.
she didn't make a damn cent on that feed, you know.
miss murdstone is the point now, peggotty, and you shant escape from it.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
now, i trust, said sydney to him, that the name and influence of doctor manette may stand him in as good stead to-morrow--you said he would be before the tribunal again to-morrow, mr.
they could not understand what he was saying, but they knew that upon it their fate depended.
we may now summarize our analysis of desire and feeling.
if the backbone is felt clearly and distinctly the chicken is not fat.
the rider from the chateau, and the horse in a foam, clattered away through the village, and galloped up the stony steep, to the prison on the crag.
said mrs. crupp, feeling in her pocket for her keys.
o immanence, that reasonest not in putting forth all things begot, thou buildest thy house in space--for what?
but for this purpose it is necessary to revert to image-propositions instead of word-propositions.
the man paused and half released jurgis.
it seemed as if he had taken all of his mother's strength--had left nothing for those that might come after him.
or you make a model of the hampton court maze, and put a rat in the middle, assaulted by the smell of food on the outside.
that night there was no salad for dinner, for the innkeeper had obeyed the order to the best of his ability.
therefore the time which it takes to pass c is twice as long as the time it takes to pass a.
this brings him to the question: what kind of object is it that number can properly be ascribed to?
then they raised their head, and they spoke simply and gently, as if they wished us to forget some anxiety of their own.
the next winter i used a small cooking-stove for economy, since i did not own the forest; but it did not keep fire so well as the open fire-place.
little personal paragraphs of this sort must never be malicious or mean--if the paper is to keep its friends.
we stood so, a long time; long enough for me to see the white marks of my fingers die out of the deep red of his cheek, and leave it a deeper red.
in some ways this is one of the hardest parts of george's job.
in this case, as in most others, what may be taken as certain in advance is rather vague.
the judicial and the legislative functions run together also in judicial ascertainment of the common law by analogical application of decided cases.
it is in these effects, therefore, if anywhere, that the value of philosophy must be primarily sought.
niagara is the central home and breeding-place for all the touts of earth.
when the rain came with it and dashed against the windows, i thought, raising my eyes to them as they rocked, that i might have fancied myself in a storm-beaten lighthouse.
a singular circumstance then arose in the case.
being a little embarrassed at first, and feeling much too young to preside, i made steerforth take the head of the table when dinner was announced, and seated myself opposite to him.
he must bide his time and constantly make himself a better servant--a better porter, if you please.
judgements of intrinsic ethical or aesthetic value are apt to have some self-evidence, but not much.
why, heres three js, and three os, and three j-o, joes in it, pip!
it was even filthier and more crowded than the county jail; all the smaller fry out of the latter had been sifted into it--the petty thieves and swindlers, the brawlers and vagrants.
we had a quiet day on the sunday, and we rode out into the country, and then walked in the fields.
and since ive took to general reading, youve took to general writing, eh, sir?
the last word was flung at the boy, who had not the least notion what it meant.
said she, accepting the offer of my hand to help her over the fender, and looking wistfully up into my face, you know you wouldnt mistrust me, if i was a full-sized woman!
john kissed each of my palms before he put the money into them.
in truth the massachusetts court followed authority.
whewell's edition with an abridged translation is convenient.
the man who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.
marija held on like grim death, and toward afternoon she got into the bank and got her money--all in big silver dollars, a handkerchief full.
not that her happiness was of long duration, pursued traddles, for, unfortunately, within a week another execution came in.
to my accepting the offer, and your going with me?
what law is so cruel as the law of doing what he does?
said he, taking his black pipe from his mouth, and dropping his jaw as he stared at me.
many of the traditional problems of philosophy, perhaps most of those which have interested a wider circle than that of technical students, do not appear to be soluble by scientific methods.
i dont think i made myself very ridiculous, but i know i was resolute.
christ answered the herodians according to their condition.
similarly, the study of the human mind, which was a part of philosophy, has now been separated from philosophy and has become the science of psychology.
what other methods might have been used to advantage in presenting this subject?
but it is your weakness that you sometimes need to see your victim and your opportunity, to sustain you.
for very few will understand (though it comes year after year) that we have rain always in south england between the sickle and the scythe, or say just after the weeks of east wind are over.
would you do me the favor of stepping into the shop?
sometimes i wonder why people think that life is only what they see and hear, and not what they read of.
observed my aunt, and you cant fan it away, my military friend!)
to know turkish rugs, one must see many of them; to know the other families one need see only a few.
for he has been hovering about you all night.
i thought you didn't have any home to go to.
she would give one a very good idea of the matron of old rome who had her seat in the amphitheatre.
for this purpose arguments of detail as to the dependence of sense-data upon us are useless.
there is one movement, among those that james mentions at first, which is not subsequently classified, namely, the stumbling.
and in the recommendations for meeting the conditions, if such recommendations are made, attention must be paid to the particular people who will read the analysis.
since sub-titles follow immediately after the title, any repetition of important words is usually avoided.
my first act was to put out my hand to relieve her breathing; and in moving the scarf aside, the embroidery in the corner caught my sight.
the house was damp and decayed, indifferently furnished--evidently, recently occupied and temporarily used.
abandoning momentarily the standpoint of behaviourism, we may presume that hungry animals experience sensations involving discomfort, and stimulating such movements as seem likely to bring them to the food which is outside the cages.
it is clear that the question turns upon another, namely, which can we know best, the psychology of animals or that of human beings?
in a thoroughly businesslike manner; but throughout the rest of the evening he viewed me askance, as though i had become a dangerous theorist too--by marriage.
then, there were gardens, courtyards, terraces, fountains, green banks, more king and queen, more bull's eye, more lords and ladies, more long live they all!
thus calling him back as i went out of the door, i heard her say to joe in a distinct emphatic voice, the boy has been a good boy here, and that is his reward.
we well knew that no self-respecting servant would condescend to sleep in an attic, although the attic was cool, airy and comfortable.
the triumphant flourish with which mr. micawber delivered himself of these words, had a powerful effect in alarming the mother; who cried out, in much agitation: ury, ury!
the frog had been hanging on a wire of copper; and it had been the metal of our knife which had sent the strange power to the copper through the brine of the frogs body.
theres a long statement in the papers, sir, about a murder, observed mr. maldon.
i am quite glad you are at home; for these hurries and forebodings by which i have been surrounded all day long, have made me nervous without reason.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
what the jurists desired was not analytical categories but a principle upon which men were to be held or not to be held upon their promises.
made from the selected meats of young hogs only; not highly seasoned.
perhaps it was the smoked sausage he had eaten that morning--which may have been made out of some of the tubercular pork that was condemned as unfit for export.
i sat silent, recalling what a drudge she had been until mr. wopsles great-aunt successfully overcame that bad habit of living, so highly desirable to be got rid of by some people.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
i was conducted to this chamber straight, the cries growing louder as we ascended the stairs, and i found a patient in a high fever of the brain, lying on a bed.
i was constantly with her, and her brother, and the micawbers (they being very much together); but emily i never saw.
i want to feel more, what a blessed thing it is to be the wife of a good man, and to lead a peaceful life.
who does not know every story about goldsmith?
next to accepting a large sum on the spot, i believe this gave peggotty more comfort than anything i could have done.
mr. jack maldon tried to be very talkative, but was not at his ease, and made matters worse.
but to me, as the harsh, penetrating odor of the green fruit cuts across the heavy perfume of the flowers, comes a picture of the farms in distant colombia or perhaps costa rica.
when or where that intention may be carried out, i cannot say; no one can say.
youd say so, if you saw his moustachios.
as we severally pushed away our plates, he noiselessly removed them, and set on the cheese.
early in the morning, i sauntered through the dear old tranquil streets, and again mingled with the shadows of the venerable gateways and churches.
now this controlling purpose, including both the appeal to the understanding and that to the emotions, should be stated, clearly, before the author begins his actual writing, in one sentence.
the connection of dreams, irrational beliefs and foolish actions with unconscious wishes has been brought to light, though with some exaggeration, by freud and jung and their followers.
but the beauty of tragedy does but make visible a quality which, in more or less obvious shapes, is present always and everywhere in life.
but the moment that you limit ragtime to music you scatter untold clouds of doubt and place the inquirer in the comfortable position of having a fairly large working knowledge.
he heard the old voices of his soul, he saw its old ghosts beckoning to him, stretching out their arms to him!
nay worse, he dared not mingle with the herd--he must hide himself, for he was one marked out for destruction.
for example, the law of contradiction states that nothing can both have a certain property and not have it.
as the punch disappeared, mr. micawber became still more friendly and convivial.
i should think from the color of his clothes that he is working in the quarries.
herbert probably would have been scratching his head in a most rueful manner at the sight of his accumulating figures.
so, the spider, doggedly watching estella, outwatched many brighter insects, and would often uncoil himself and drop at the right nick of time.
without it, can i not save you, mr. carton?
but the house is full of a little snoofing, wagging, loving ghost.
child welfare is treated in reports of federal, state, and city child-welfare boards.
i was actually afraid that i might by that time be doing what is called a good business.
had any papers been handed about among them, similar to these lists?
i have never been absolutely certain whether i uttered a shrill yell of terror, merely in spirit, or in the bodily hearing of the company.
children are born each winter, but women never see their children and children never know their parents.
sometimes, the little bird-like ladies come to see her; and then we talk about our wedding-day, and all that happy time.
and but for his illness he would have been put in irons, for he was regarded as a determined prison-breaker, and i know not what else.
then the children had been taken away, and the company had sold the house that very same week to a party of emigrants.
imagine a long, low, dark building--dark as far as daylight is concerned, but weirdly lit by orange and scarlet flashes from the great furnaces that crouch in its shelter.
to show the similarity to heredity in man.
of a group of particulars of which it is a member.
within this space, he now slouched backwards and forwards.
which i meantersay, cried joe, that if you come into my place bull-baiting and badgering me, come out!
i come now to our second question: does introspection give us materials for the knowledge of relations other than those arrived at by reflecting upon external perception?
the street was turning into a country road, leading out to the westward; there were snow-covered fields on either side of him.
compeyson, he looks at me very noticing, and i look at him.
moreover, the discovery of incorrect statements impairs the confidence of readers in the magazine.
i knew enough of mr. jack maldon to suspect from this account that it was a place where there was not much to do, and which was pretty well paid.
you have no best to me, steerforth, said i, and no worst.
i put no manure whatever on this land, not being the owner, but merely a squatter, and not expecting to cultivate so much again, and i did not quite hoe it all once.
especially your grown-up self offers a fertile meadowland of essays.
my first impulse was to call up herbert, and show him the two men going away.
if this is true, it is safer to avoid the assumption that there are such intrinsic qualities of mental occurrences as are in question, and to assume only the causal differences which are undeniable.
he knew as well as i did that it was just as likely, at that time of year, i was going down there whaling; but i felt complimented, too.
he laid down the carving-knife and fork,being engaged in carving, at the moment,put his two hands into his disturbed hair, and appeared to make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it.
i should cancel with it, he pursued, such patience and devotion, such fidelity, such a childs love, as i must not forget, no!
he can do nothing reasonable until he has been informed as to the kind of house desired, until he is given a principle of selection.
lying hidden in her bosom, was a loaded pistol.
and then marija-- a sob choked stanislovas, and he stopped.
the well-known shops, however, with their cheerful lights, did something for me; and when i alighted at the door of the grays inn coffee-house, i had recovered my spirits.
it is largely the very peculiar kind of being that belongs to universals which has led many people to suppose that they are really mental.
at lisbon an earthquake killed men like flies.
we made a fire, we cooked the bird, and we ate it, and no meal had ever tasted better to us.
yet what an opportunity he missed by not concentrating on that precious root.
he was an enormously rich man--he had a hand in all the big graft in the neighborhood.
but as that wouldnt do in westminster hall, and as it wouldnt look quite professional if they were seen by a client, they decamped.
then there had come the irish, and there had been lots of them, too; the husband drank and beat the children--the neighbors could hear them shrieking any night.
nevertheless, i knew, while i said those words, that i secretly intended to revisit the site of the old house that evening, alone, for her sake.
and it certainly might have been, as you say, a better and happier thing for my brother if he had never entered into such a marriage.
this is an example of the difficulty of constructing an adequate philosophy of any one science without taking account of other sciences.
a long room with three long rows of desks, and six of forms, and bristling all round with pegs for hats and slates.
somewhere back in the far-distant past tommy finnegan had had a strange experience, and the burden of it rested upon him.
strange that creation, designed expressly for monseigneur, should be so soon wrung dry and squeezed out!
a figure of speech makes both for conciseness and for economy of mental effort on the part of the reader.
so i swore tonight, that if she didnt go, id go to bed at six.
the atmosphere that is so familiar and comforting to us, is to many of them an environment of dread possibilities.
and so jurgis bade farewell to the master wizard, and went out.
you thus pass from an image-content to the corresponding word-content.
i know that its the natural company of such as i am!
at one side jurgis caught a glimpse of a big apartment with plush-covered chairs, and tables covered with trays and glasses.
i discovered, however, that this youth had not been christened by that name, but that it had been bestowed upon him in the warehouse, on account of his complexion, which was pale or mealy.
nor, that, when we met one night, and spoke together in the room yonder, over the way, she listened at the door.
none the less this, the most thoroughgoing attempt to make delictal liability flow exclusively from culpability--to make it a corollary of fault and of fault only--fell short of complete attainment of its aim.
and, thirdly, the honest heart will keep him in touch with his fellow students, and furnish that sense of comradeship without which he travels an arid waste alone.
the relation 'loving', as it occurs in the act of believing, is one of the objects--it is a brick in the structure, not the cement.
some go down to it unreluctant, and meet it, like the river, not without nobility.
perhaps youd like to spend a couple of shillings or so, in a bottle of currant wine by and by, up in the bedroom?
wheerby, said mr. peggotty, my sister might--i doent say she would, but might--find missis gummidge give her a leetle trouble now-and-again.
often arguments are used which have no bearing whatever upon the question.
indeed you have made good use of the time, said i.
oh, my eyes and limbs, bring the jacket out!
there is, however, a great difficulty in this view, or rather two great difficulties.
there was not half an hour's warning--the works were closed!
which her name, said joe, gravely, aint estavisham, pip, unless she have been rechrisened.
it impelled the visitor to questions and then the residents would explain, quietly, that all this was made land, and that it had been made by using it as a dumping ground for the city garbage.
but you never have condescended to me, as much as i could have wished.
the baby mosquito is a regular little water bug.
analyze the relation of such a philosophy as this to the actively interested personal conduct of the holder of it toward definite personal ends.
since volitions are the outcome of desires, a prevision of volitions contrary to desires could not be a true one.
thankee, sir, he said, doent take no notice.
and he was as tough as a pine knot, and with the appetite of a wolf.
answer me these questions, and then perhaps i may look at your bawbles and find them ornamental.
this moral mystery seemed too much for the company until mr. hubble tersely solved it by saying, naterally wicious.
logic, we may say, consists of two parts.
in other words, in the union jurgis learned to talk politics.
my mother dropped her work, and arose hurriedly, but timidly i thought.
he had been talking all day, on many subjects, and with unusual vivacity.
that was at erie--erie, and the snow was falling more briskly than at cleveland.
and i have earned my notion of good service from my earlier into my later existence.
i lived in that valley, and its neighbourhood, all the time.
after dinner, agnes sat beside him, as of old, and poured out his wine.
perhaps they cried out in protest and in warning.
mr. jorkins is not a man to respond to a proposition of this peculiar nature.
one of them had been stolen long ago, and not a month passed that some one did not try to steal another.
i made the admission with reluctance, for it seemed to have a boyish look, and she already treated me more than enough like a boy.
the agent explained that the houses were built that way, as the purchasers generally preferred to finish the basements to suit their own taste.
estella was always about, and always let me in and out, but never told me i might kiss her again.
as the son grew a young man, he turned out riotous, extravagant, undutiful,altogether bad.
miss mills, with an air of superior wisdom and benevolence, smiled upon us.
the moment they sprang there, the girl looked at me with a quick delight in having been the cause of them.
determined not to live by faith if we can avoid it; all the day long on the alert, at night we unwillingly say our prayers and commit ourselves to uncertainties.
i murmured my admiration and approbation.
he held me by the collar and stared at me so, that i began to think his first idea about cutting my throat had revived.
cried mr. lorry, rubbing his chin, and looking at his visitor dubiously.
to be in company, even with the best, is soon wearisome and dissipating.
this is an occasion that makes a man speculate on all he has lost.
this has been too evil a house fur me and mine, fur me to be in my right senses and expect it.
if hes all you say he is, at least i can do as much for him then, as you have done.
the costumes worn by these garden students are durable, appropriate and most becoming.
pay it, it said, or be locked up in the jail.
that was the nearest approach to independence a man could make under capitalism, he explained; he would never marry, for no sane man would allow himself to fall in love until after the revolution.
we proceeded without a word being spoken.
suddenly a big policeman came to the door.
yes, i should say he would never, for example, be worth five hundred pound.
since that time, which is far enough away now, i have often thought that few people know what secrecy there is in the young under terror.
on the one hand, the hebrew psalms are the only religious poetry on earth; yet they contain sallies that savour rankly of the man of blood.
the old wintry branches of chandeliers in the room where the mouldering table was spread had been lighted while we were out, and miss havisham was in her chair and waiting for me.
his property in money amounted to nearly three thousand pounds.
it follows that, if we are to solve the whole class of difficulties derivable from zeno's by analogy, we must discover some tenable theory of infinite numbers.
in the face of handicaps such as these the packers counted themselves lucky if they could kill off the cattle that had been crippled in transit and the hogs that had developed disease.
philosophical theories have arisen to explain existing rules and have been the basis of new rules and of remaking of old ones.
many a lusty crest-waving hector, that towered a whole foot above his crowding comrades, fell before my weapon and rolled in the dust.
you are a little depressed, too, said madame, whose quick eyes had never been so intent on the accounts, but they had had a ray or two for him.
i judge him, partly from your account of him, trotwood, and your character, and the influence he has over you.
meantime jokubas had been to see his friend the policeman, and received encouragement, so it was a happy party.
would the two, for his enlightenment, try to ascertain just what they had in common, and why they belonged to the same party?
he couldnt say how long he might be, having a case on.
afterwards, when i went upstairs, as i passed the door of my little chamber, which was dark, i had an indistinct impression of her being within it, cast down upon the floor.
is not a sufficient remark to condemn the thing.
of course, i was perfectly sure and safe that provis had not been there.
we can light our tunnel, and the city, and all the cities of the world with nothing save metal and wires.
here, as elsewhere, the attempt to exclude the administrative element has brought about back-handed means of individualization which go beyond the needs of the situation and defeat the purposes of the law.
i really thought he was still speaking of the fowl, until he added, because i have got an aged parent at my place.
many a poor sore-eyed student that i have heard of would grow faster, both intellectually and physically, if, instead of sitting up so very late, he honestly slumbered a fools allowance.
they laughed at his ideas of paying for anything with money or with work--for they got all they wanted without either.
what i cannot describe is, how, in the innermost recesses of my own heart, i had a lurking jealousy even of death.
they have a club-house that just drips art, and they steep themselves in self-culture.
almost all paid work is done from desire, not from impulse: the work itself is more or less irksome, but the payment for it is desired.
moreover it is not fleeting or changeable like the things of sense: it is eternally itself, immutable and indestructible.
it was over-run with roman wormwood and beggar-ticks, which last stuck to my clothes for all fruit.
of great talent, repeated mrs. micawber.
there is some wisits praps, said joe, as for ever remains open to the question, pip.
he is known all over the country as an authority on fraternities and their influence, and a power for making that influence constantly better and finer.
we wish to be damned with you, rather than blessed with all our brothers.
she and marija could care for them somehow, but there was antanas, his own son.
being made right by you in that dress, i shall have no fear.
i only told her there had been sad grief at yarmouth, on account of emilys flight; and that on me it made a double wound, by reason of the circumstances attending it.
for my sake, then, be merciful to my husband.
my dear miss trotwood, she replied, i shall only be too happy to think that anyone expects to hear from us.
my footsteps seemed to tend so naturally to the shop door, after i had read these words from over the way, that i went across the road and looked in.
how large a body of walden water would be required to reflect a green tint i have never proved.
this resistance can be felt in a top; it can be felt much more strongly in the beautiful little gyroscopes of brass and steel that are sold for the scientific demonstration of the laws governing revolving bodies.
whether the aim is to afford food for thought, inspiration to action, or guidance in practical matters, the treatment is essentially the same.
by the time they are all in the same part of the course, b will have passed twice as many of the bodies in c as in a.
it is impossible to turn this leaf of my life, without putting bentley drummles name upon it; or i would, very gladly.
it was a cool spot, staid but cheerful, a wonderful place for echoes, and a very harbour from the raging streets.
no writer can afford to neglect his titles.
i inquired, after drinking the toast in a wine-glass.
it was not in that part of highgate where mrs. steerforth lived, but quite on the opposite side of the little town.
do you think i am ever caught napping at such an hour, and that i have not got lungs and a larynx as well as yourself?
add up the pages, do a simple sum in subtraction, and you will know just how much you have made.
now in my day--i mean when i was at the apogee of my reputation (i think that is the word--it may be apologee--i forget)--things were very different.
so the matter rests at this hour, said mr. gulpidge, throwing himself back in his chair.
my fren', mr. rednose, hamilton--shake han's.
your honor, said jurgis, i went into his place and asked the man if he could change me a hundred-dollar bill.
the other convict was livid to look at, and, in addition to the old bruised left side of his face, seemed to be bruised and torn all over.
the trade signs (and they were almost as many as the shops) were, all, grim illustrations of want.
she and her husband came in immediately afterwards.
and so they went and told the agent that they were ready to make the agreement.
i thought her looking as she always does: superior, in all respects, to everyone around her, i returned.
third: objects in the photograph should be clear and well defined; this requires a sharp negative.
it states rather that there is a constant relation between causes of certain kinds and effects of certain kinds.
i extolled traddles in reply, as highly as i could; for i felt that steerforth rather slighted him.
they seemed glad to get out themselves, and as if unwilling to be brought in.
this belief enables us to act upon the impulse to inflict pain, while believing that we are acting upon the desire to lead sinners to repentance.
it seemed that from such a basis of truth and frankness as the poor weak-headed pauper had laid, our intercourse might go forward to something better than the intercourse of sages.
his knees nearly gave way beneath him when the foreman, after looking him over and questioning him, told him that he could find an opening for him.
that day a box was added to the equipment of the freight-office and the name of frank a. scott to the payroll.
to become a successful contributor to a periodical, a writer must catch the spirit that pervades its fiction and its editorials, as well as its special articles.
at the gate, a group of officers were looking at the fire; removed from them, a group of soldiers.
grandfather anthony, jurgis' father, is not more than sixty years of age, but you would think that he was eighty.
i tell you what, old boy, he added, i shall make quite a town-house of this place, unless you give me notice to quit.
in france, where all esthetic discoveries are made, it was crowned long ago: la sainte indiffrence is, or may be, a cult, and le saint indiffrent an articled practitioner.
besides, that shrinking from having miss havisham and estella discussed, which had come upon me in the beginning, grew much more potent as time went on.
though snowdrops may feel uneasy, he knows too much about the ides of march!
and that i thus became immeshed in the web he had spun for my reception?
in the excited and exalted state of my brain, i could not think of a place without seeing it, or of persons without seeing them.
my love to lucie, and to little lucie, said mr. lorry at parting, and take precious care of them till i come back.
i said that i had been more miserable than i thought anybody could believe, who only knew how young i was.
not all bacterial life is a menace to health, the chemist will tell you.
he had been pondering the opportunities of army life for many weeks.
in some early states of society, these forces might be, and were, too much ahead of the power which society then possessed of disciplining and controlling them.
he then told me that he had become the tenant of uriah heeps old house; and that mrs. micawber would be delighted to receive me, once more, under her own roof.
what would you say is the chief virtue of the selection?
it had passed through my thoughts to cry out for help again; though few could know better than i, the solitary nature of the spot, and the hopelessness of aid.
this is my grumpy, frumpy story, and well keep it to ourselves, trot!
twice i called him by his name, in the tone in which i might have tried to rouse a sleeper, before he heeded me.
the dead and for the most part unmerchantable wood behind my house, and the driftwood from the pond, have supplied the remainder of my fuel.
mr. peggotty and ham waited for us at the old place.
its not a business-like way of speaking, said my aunt, nor a worldly way.
i looked at the doorway and saw nothing.
we have now the matter of this difference before us.
i havent seen a pretty woman since ive been here, jemmy.
they told me that in a good day they could get out a thousand tons, which was the yield of about one acre.
each moves with wonderful precision, like a part of an intricate machine.
repression is the only lasting philosophy.
i might have had more difficulty in constraining myself to be silent under his words, if i had had less difficulty in impressing upon peggotty (who was only angry on my account, good creature!)
i am afraid i was in a tremulous state for a minute or so, though i did my best to disguise it.
two propositions are coherent when both may be true, and are incoherent when one at least must be false.
this certainly suggests what change is to be made.
cannon's chief argument against james is, if i understand him rightly, that similar affections of the viscera may accompany dissimilar emotions, especially fear and rage.
that they had made my mama, who always loved me dearly, unhappy about me, and that i knew it well, and that peggotty knew it.
i know i do not exaggerate, unconsciously and unintentionally, the scantiness of my resources or the difficulties of my life.
said the marquis, glancing round the luxurious room.
but in this case we really see a spotted patchwork: the dirtier specks in the glass are visible, while the cleaner parts are invisible and allow us to see what is beyond.
the phenomenon we are concerned to analyse is the active belief, not the permanent disposition.
the waves generously rise and dash angrily, taking sides with all water-fowl, and our sportsmen must beat a retreat to town and shop and unfinished jobs.
and she looked up from her book, and said, yes.
at that time, the steam-traffic on the thames was far below its present extent, and watermens boats were far more numerous.
i observe that you have an attachment to low and common company.
and they dragged him to the area and dropped him in.
but she was so incorporated with my existence, that it was the idlest of all fancies, and would soon rise out of my reach and sight, like gossamer floating in the air.
not, however, until biddy had imparted to me everything she knew, from the little catalogue of prices, to a comic song she had once bought for a half-penny.
said carton, looking up, as he kneeled on one knee beside the insensible figure, putting the paper in the breast: is your hazard very great?
we may say that the hypothesis of continuity is perfectly consistent with the facts and with logic, and that it is technically simpler than any other tenable hypothesis.
theres nothing against him yet, returned the man with the wooden leg.
an informal essayist would even, we think, find taste in the white of an egg.
i sometimes derived an impression, from his manner or from a whispered word or two which escaped him, that he pondered over the question whether he might have been a better man under better circumstances.
said the tinker, gripping the bosom of my shirt with his blackened hand.
for what does it profit a tired teacher if she fill her camp list and have no margin of profit for her weeks of hard labor?
all the way here, i had supposed that she was going to some house; indeed, i had vaguely entertained the hope that the house might be in some way associated with the lost girl.
she would play with her rings that her courtiers might note the delicacy of her hands; or dance a coranto that the french ambassador, hidden dexterously behind a curtain, might report her sprightliness to his master.
i rang the bell for something hot to drink.
the dragon's head came off just as easily.
my aunt tied the strings of her bonnet (she had come down to breakfast in it), and put on her shawl, as if she were ready for anything that was resolute and uncompromising.
the manager of one of the great power-stations on the banks of the river above the falls told me that the center of the riverbed at the canadian falls is deep and of a saucer shape.
he would sometimes ask me first on such occasions, if i had made any improvement.
he did so, and the two patriots, leading his tired horse, turned and rode away without entering the city.
he said, making as if he tossed something light into the air, with his hand.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark.
i am not unwilling to die, if the republic which is to do so much good to us poor, will profit by my death; but i do not know how that can be, citizen evremonde.
then today, at sunrise, we saw a white flame among the trees, high on a sheer peak before us.
the pretense lacks standing even among pretenses, and a faith must be induced before its removal can enliven us.
take me in at the cathedral, at three o'clock, or as near it as you can, and i am sure it will be better than our going from here.
he sat in his seat, frightened and wondering; but others in the same row wanted to get out, and so he had to stand up and move along.
i only mean that you should think of me that way.
at the best we have, said mr. wickfield, considering, your nephew couldnt board just now.
after two or three attempts he accomplished this, with the lackey's help, and meantime a second man had approached, a tall and portly personage, solemn as an executioner.
(there was some fascinating mystery about this, the little fellow knew; but he could get no satisfaction.)
the story to which she referred was one that i had written about a family left fatherless, a mother and three small children in real poverty.
a new union was the result of this outburst, but the impromptu strike went to pieces in three days, owing to the rush of new labor.
these two kinds can now be distinguished.
the window indicated was the office window.
if that were so, my sacrifice was nothing; my plainest obligation to her unfulfilled; and every poor action i had shrunk from, i was hourly doing.
he had three young children, he explained, and a baby had just come.
im here and there, and where not, like the conjurers half-crown in the ladys handkercher.
simple as the furniture was, it was set off by so many little adornments, of no value but for their taste and fancy, that its effect was delightful.
it is not often that i venture to give a non-medical opinion, i assure you.
came then big fat mosquitoes from the swamp.
it must be conceded to begin with that the argument in favour of the existence of other people's minds cannot be conclusive.
we are not only aware of things, but we are often aware of being aware of them.
the sabbath stillness of the time (the day was so like sunday!
so our prospects brighten on the influx of better thoughts.
then ona added that teta elzbieta had decided that little stanislovas would have to work too.
i am glad to think the loves and graces took such airy forms in its homely procession.
but now, at the mere mention of them, his whole being cried out with joy.
as she sat with her feet upon the fender.
but not at all too strong for the facts, returned miss murdstone.
when these differences are obvious, of course they need no mention.
what is my life, if i am but to bow, to agree and to obey?
i think little of these, they are trifles and details; and no man can hope to have a monopoly of skeletons or make a corner in talking birds.
you cant believe--why should you?---a syllable that comes out of my lips.
now, my dear, my friend, good-bye for ever in this world.
in more elaborate cases the relation becomes much less simple.
they hanged at tyburn, in those days, so the street outside newgate had not obtained one infamous notoriety that has since attached to it.
united states department of agriculture, bureau of animal industries, order no.
it has not the vitality and force of a single living man; for a single man can bend it to his will.
we may say that a person understands a word when (a) suitable circumstances make him use it, (b) the hearing of it causes suitable behaviour in him.
that person is the person from whom you derive your expectations, and the secret is solely held by that person and by me.
it was nearly dinner-time next day when we appeared before my aunt.
and jurgis looked the fellow squarely in the eye, and so the fellow wasted no time in conventional protests, but read him the deed.
there was time only to strike and, without a word, gawaine met the onrush of the dragon with a full swing.
sometimes, he gets up in the dead of the night, and will be heard, by us overhead there, walking up and down, walking up and down, in his room.
but for practical and scientific purposes, phenomena can be collected into groups which are causally self-contained, or nearly so.
but, i said to herbert that, before i could go abroad, i must see both estella and miss havisham.
traddles, said i, shaking hands with him again, after i had sat down, i am delighted to see you.
it is continually receiving new life and motion from above.
it is the duty of governments, and of individuals, to form the truest opinions they can; to form them carefully, and never impose them upon others unless they are quite sure of being right.
to show the seriousness of the difficulties that must be faced.
but now the majority has moved behind us; most people, even some really quite distinguished people, are younger than we.
if any good should come of me, i might begin to hope; for nothing but harm has ever come of my deeds yet.
i relinquished the intention he had detected, for i knew him!
he was dressed in a legal-looking suit of black, and loomed, burly and large, in that small office.
they are rare in the history of the world.
this is a jural postulate of civilized society as we know it.
the desolate feeling with which i went abroad, deepened and widened hourly.
we have a right, and it may be our duty, to caution others against him, if we think his example or conversation likely to have a pernicious effect on those with whom he associates.
we agreed that it should be carried into execution, and that provis should never recognize us if we came below bridge, and rowed past mill pond bank.
but here, as well as elsewhere, the trail of the orthographic serpent is discoverable.
we may believe what is false as well as what is true.
in a flash he had bent down and sunk his teeth into the man's cheek; and when they tore him away he was dripping with blood, and little ribbons of skin were hanging in his mouth.
your regulation is rather awkward to strangers, said miss murdstone.
(d) of two events which are not simultaneous, one must wholly precede the other.
i thought, my father, said lucie, excusing herself, with a pale face and in a faltering voice, that i heard strange feet upon the stairs.
it has been a memorable time for me, joe.
his company had a fine one--but motor-truck purchasers wanted to know the cost of moving freight.
at first he hardly noticed it, it was such a slight accident--simply that in leaping out of the way he turned his ankle.
also madame haupt, the midwife, was after him for some money.
are the following statements true definitions?
in the few seconds that he stood there hesitating he was covered white.
in such a life there is something feverish and confined, in comparison with which the philosophic life is calm and free.
the pines furnished them with gables as they grew.
i shall try to persuade you, in the course of these lectures, that matter is not so material and mind not so mental as is generally supposed.
a better proof of the severity of my bondage to that taskmaster could scarcely be afforded, than the degrading shifts to which i was constantly driven to find him employment.
he had broken two ribs, they had wounded one of his lungs, and he breathed with great pain and difficulty, which increased daily.
* * no one runs to revel on thy rail-fenced lea.
as you watch the train you meant to catch leaving the station, there are both the successive positions of the train (physical effects) and the successive waves of fury and disappointment (mental effects).
you deceive yourself, monsieur, returned the keeper of the wine-shop.
except under the influence of desire, no one would admit for a moment so crude a generalisation from such a tiny selection of facts.
they would begin to sing almost with as much precision as a clock, within five minutes of a particular time, referred to the setting of the sun, every evening.
we never should have got leave to go, i am sure, but for mrs. joes curiosity to know all about it and how it ended.
it was in the state of my own feelings, i added bashfully: to clench the explanation.
it was not an argument, but i submitted at once.
blind impulse is the source of war, but it is also the source of science, and art, and love.
this i also had it in charge to communicate.
i hope the steak may be beef, but i dont believe it.
it is best that these people should know there is such a man as i here; it is a sound precaution, and may be a necessary preparation.
speaking from the few words mr. murdstone dropped--as a man frequently does on these occasions--and from what miss murdstone let fall, i should say it was rather a good marriage.
then winter's upward glare of snow appears; or the pink and delicate green of spring in the windy sunshine; or cornfields and green waters, and youths bathing in summer's golden heats.
i held tight to the leg of the table under the cloth, with both hands, and awaited my fate.
she said, striking the scar again, with a relentless hand.
the project of innovation is the best possible state of things.
the first blow of the lash felt as if our spine had been cut in two.
contrast the physical condition of the irish with that of the north american indian, or the south sea islander, or any other savage race before it was degraded by contact with the civilized man.
but appropriateness depends upon purpose, and purpose thus becomes a vital part of theory of knowledge.
and now, those six days which were to have run out so slowly, had run out fast and were gone, and to-morrow looked me in the face more steadily than i could look at it.
there is a great deal to be said in favour of this view, and i have some hesitation in regarding it as inadequate.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
it had long been going on to this, i was sensible: yes, i could not but feel, on the least reflection, that it had been going on to this for a long time.
within his soul it was like a roaring furnace; he stood waiting, waiting, crouching as if for a spring.
biddy, said i, in a virtuously self-asserting manner, i must request to know what you mean by this?
but this was not corn, and so it was safe from such enemies as he.
in literature as in conduct, you can never hope to do exactly right.
the doctor had taken care that it should be there--had assured him that it would be there--and at this stage of the proceedings it was produced and read.
wherever i sat, there i might live, and the landscape radiated from me accordingly.
thats a real flagstaff, you see, said wemmick, and on sundays i run up a real flag.
of tools used for cutting, perhaps the most remarkable of all is the oxygen blow-pipe.
they ride behind typical loads and check up running time, delays, breakdowns, gasoline and oil consumption.
such a howl from the newspapers followed this that duane was slated for sacrifice, and barely got out of town in time.
it was a broad panelled staircase, with massive balustrades of some dark wood; cornices above the doors, ornamented with carved fruit and flowers; and broad seats in the windows.
as if there were safety in stupidity alone.
if i could ever work out his restoration, as i have so innocently been the cause of his decline!
it is found by further questions that the lad has installed a push-bell button at the front door and another at the back door.
absolutely and unequivocally, that which i like best.
you have an apprentice, pursued the stranger, commonly known as pip?
tis more as i beg of her to forgive me, for having pressed my affections upon her.
the best light of the day was gone when i passed along the quiet echoing courts behind the high street.
still you see, as far as it goes, a pair of pigeons are portable property all the same.
will you grant me time--any length of time?
on what basis is the following analysis of the farmer's life made?
and he ever cared for her, shed tell me.
the look and the action had occupied but an instant.
i went on foot to the old house, and went away with a heart too full to enter.
never had we seen rooms so full of light.
there is a crispness about celery that is of the essence of october.
i do not know where to find in any literature, ancient or modern, any account which contents me of that nature with which even i am acquainted.
copperfield, will you go round to the guildhall, and bring a couple of officers?
with these words, and resisting our entreaties that she would grace the remaining circulation of the punch with her presence, mrs. micawber retired to my bedroom.
the house was so still that i heard the girls light step upstairs.
on an outlay of eleven thousand dollars their mill was built and their machinery installed.
however loud the general voice might be in giving me encouragement, and however fervent the emotions and endeavours to which it roused me, i heard her lightest word of praise as i heard nothing else.
but, he was on his feet directly, and after sponging himself with a great show of dexterity began squaring again.
while there she found a blind colored uncle, very old, who could do nothing but make rag rugs, and she rustled up from her school friends rags enough to keep him busy for a season.
theres the history of miss rosa dartle for you.
if he should turn to, and beat her surely, i interrupted, with a burning face and heart, you do not seriously think that he is scoundrel enough for that, mr. jaggers?
it says that if the law does not secure the interest, one is a fool to rely on the promise and so has no interest.
well, pip, returned joe, slowly considering.
if i had cried before, i should have had joe with me then.
at first she wouldnt come at all; and then she pleaded for five minutes by my watch.
we couldn't walk at all, it was so deep.
they guide our voyage without controlling the waves, which toss forever in spite of our ability to ride over them to our chosen ends.
i have known her do it, when mr. james has been away, whole days.
what makes this duty the more urgent is that fact, that the country so overrun is not our own, but ours is the invading army.
is it honouring your husband to dishonour his business?
the last i saw of them was, when i presently heard a scuffle behind me, and looking back, saw joe throwing an old shoe after me and biddy throwing another old shoe.
and then there were official returns from the various precincts and wards of the city itself!
most often, indeed, i simply go up the mountain along, or into, my own woods.
then, too, they would swindle you with the contract--and how was a poor man to understand anything about a contract?
is there anybody here for a yoongster, booked in the name of murdstone, from bloonderstone, sooffolk, but owning to the name of copperfield, to be left till called for?
why, a chops the very thing to take off the bad effects of that beer!
master cruncher (who was in his shirt) took this very ill, and, turning to his mother, strongly deprecated any praying away of his personal board.
does the omission, if there is any, vitally harm the analysis?
this collation disposed of at a moderate price (considering the grease, which was not charged for), we went back to barnards inn and got my little portmanteau, and then took coach for hammersmith.
mr. traddles has a rising reputation among the lawyers, i believe?
but didnt you never think it might be me?
i answer that he cannot without disgrace be associated with it.
he studied the work being done by screw-cutting machines, lathes and other equipment operated with cutting oil.
still, the reference to provis by name mastered everything.
he watched the newspapers, too--but no longer was he to be taken in by smooth-spoken agents.
it had cost fifty cents; but elzbieta had a feeling that money spent for such things was not to be counted too closely, it would come back in hidden ways.
i was quite dismayed by the idea of this terrible jorkins.
to pump into these the packers had a second and much stronger pickle which destroyed the odor--a process known to the workers as giving them thirty per cent.
the blow sounded as if it had fallen on wood.
she seemed to be able to speak or think about nothing else.
as to the where and how of living, dear boy, give me your own opinions on it.
the old type of houseworker has cost us more than we have realized.
* thus in the case of a perception or photograph of a star, the active place is the place where the star is, while the passive place is the place where the percipient or photographic plate is.
here they made the blood into albumen, and made other foul-smelling things into things still more foul-smelling.
i replied that i should like it very much, as it was so near her.
those who lost in the struggle were generally exterminated; but now and then they had been known to save themselves by combination--which was a new and higher kind of strength.
also there is a bar across the entrance of our every cove, or particular inclination; each is our harbor for a season, in which we are detained and partially land-locked.
in our climate, in the summer, it was formerly almost solely a covering at night.
she come, said mr. peggotty, dropping his voice to an awe-stricken whisper, to london.
in case you do, said i, pray say that i am sorry he was not here today, as an old schoolfellow of his was here.
asked biddy, stopping in the narrow garden walk, and looking at me under the stars with a clear and honest eye.
this postulate is at the foundation of civilized society.
the other class has an anvil block or striking pin.
i was your first teacher though; wasnt i?
ninety-nine in a hundred of what are called educated men are in this condition; even of those who can argue fluently for their opinions.
if so, the possibility of acquiring experience cannot be used to define mind.
whether he knows definitely what he means or not, the writer is more safe if he uses complete sentences, and for any other reader of the outline complete sentences are quite necessary.
within three years, it is promised, the community kitchen will have become national in character.
her father was a country gentleman down in your part of the world, and was a brewer.
that is why so few of the sort most needed go in for teaching and preaching in these so-called materialistic days.
and littimer had better have a bloodhound at his back, than little mowcher!
they argue that, if we cannot know the physical world directly, we cannot really know any thing outside our own minds: the rest of the world may be merely our dream.
hell come and talk or read to me, in the evening, for an hour together sometimes.
there is not one universal time, except by an elaborate construction; there are only local times, each of which may be taken to be the time within one biography.
is the result an improvement or a drawback?
though remote, we are neither unfriended, melancholy, nor (i may add) slow.
if she dont smile upon you, theres a many as will.
as to me or my future, not a word was said, or a step taken.
see how he's fought the employees' interests in the legislature!
i could go after plants every day for six months and nobody would ever detect where i took them.
and death and his bed are objective, but they are not, except in my thought, put together as my false belief supposes.
the delight with which traddles propounded this plan to me, and the sense he had of its uncommon artfulness, are among the freshest things in my remembrance.
if miss havisham wished to see me, returned mr. pumblechook, discomfited.
all the human breath in the place, rolled at him, like a sea, or a wind, or a fire.
growled the journeyman, between his teeth, id hold you, if you was my wife.
the writer, on the other hand, might seem to be sufficiently helped by mere words or phrases, since he naturally knows what he means.
the list might be extended, but perhaps enough varieties have been discussed to be of practical value.
a writer's own experiences, given under his name, under a pseudonym, or in anonymous form, can easily be made interesting to others.
steerforths room was next to mine, and i went in to look at it.
the image-memory consists of the image of the window to the left of the image of the door.
cried mr. lorry, rather relenting, nevertheless, i am shocked at the sight of you.
every little pine needle expanded and swelled with sympathy and befriended me.
i am defending the word of god--which is one long cry of the human spirit for deliverance from the sway of oppression.
i was as near being resolved into the essence of things as ever i was in my life.
these classes, it is evident, are not mutually exclusive, but may for convenience be treated separately.
in like manner, as a question of methodology, the laws of living bodies are to be studied, in the first place, without any undue haste to subordinate them to the laws of physics.
he was not even--till his posthumous disciples made him so--a person of any particular importance.
they agreed that most people ate too much meat, and one of them went so far as to declare that, for his part, he rather preferred vegetables and fruit.
they were a gigantic combination of capital, which had crushed all opposition, and overthrown the laws of the land, and was preying upon the people.
next morning, before it was yet broad day, i awoke, and thought of the mowing.
of the riders in the tumbrils, some observe these things, and all things on their last roadside, with an impassive stare; others, with a lingering interest in the ways of life and men.
rogers with his crude little savannah was the man whose bold enterprise gave birth to the idea of transatlantic travel under steam.
jurgis, i--i think i have been out of my mind.
i don't suppose anything about it but what ladybird tells me.
said peggotty, with infinite compassion.
he had been more than five hours gone: where could he be?
the freedom of the owner of property to do upon it whatever he liked, so he did not overstep his limits or endanger the public health or safety, began to be restricted.
and couldnt she then ask uncle pumblechook if he knew of a boy to go and play there?
so she watched them every hour of the day, and had learned to see like an owl at night to watch them then.
only we give it a basis in social philosophy where they sought a basis in theories of the nature of transactions or of the nature of man as a moral creature.
that in which men differ from brute beasts, says mencius, is a thing very inconsiderable; the common herd lose it very soon; superior men preserve it carefully.
it was the week before christmas that the first storm came, and then the soul of jurgis rose up within him like a sleeping lion.
i had little doubt then, and i have less doubt now, that he would have knocked me down without the least compunction, if i had hesitated.
i am accidentally possessed of a power over one of the keepers here, and in virtue of it i stand before you.
mr. pumblechook (not improved in appearance by his late nocturnal adventure) was waiting for me, and addressed me in the following terms: young man, i am sorry to see you brought low.
he wrote on international law in the period of expansion and colonization at the beginning of the seventeenth century.
it is like depending upon the report of a shortsighted person as to whom he sees coming along the road at a moment when he is firmly convinced that jones is sure to come.
there they had been waiting for her, many and many a night, no doubt.
we have always been compelled, and we shall be compelled for many years to come, to be prudent, cautious, staid, sober, conservative, industrious, respectful of established institutions, a model citizen.
i should admit this view as regards sensations: what is heard or seen belongs equally to psychology and to physics.
tell me, he whispered, at last, tell me about it.
don't let your sober face elate you, however; you don't know what it may come to.
well, he wasnt there at all, said mr. dick, until he came up behind her, and whispered.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
i wonder, said peggotty, who was sometimes seized with a fit of wondering on some most unexpected topic, whats become of davys great-aunt?
if the subject is unknown to you, so that you have no safe basis for judgment about it, you are, to look the matter squarely in the face, at the mercy of the book.
wemmick came down to the door with me, and i again shook hands with him, and wished him joy.
as i came back, i saw uriah heep shutting up the office; and feeling friendly towards everybody, went in and spoke to him, and at parting, gave him my hand.
roman law in its earliest stage was not unlike this.
so, tuesday, wednesday, and thursday, passed; and on friday morning i went to mr. pumblechooks, to put on my new clothes and pay my visit to miss havisham.
the more complicated forms of belief tend to consist only of words.
i should like to hear her talk, to exchange thoughts with her.
the pride of an american resident in london over the physique of the united states soldiers.
i thought it best to hint, through the medium of a meditative look, that this might be occasioned by circumstances over which i had no control.
they pushed the boy into a thicket above which hung a meager cloud of steam.
yet the two articles may be basically alike, differing only in treatment.
there was a door in the kitchen, communicating with the forge; i unlocked and unbolted that door, and got a file from among joes tools.
there is, in fact, no recognised principle by which the propriety or impropriety of government interference is customarily tested.
at this second interchange of the christian name, madame defarge, still using her toothpick with profound composure, coughed another grain of cough, and raised her eyebrows by the breadth of another line.
so far as i can judge by introspection, this does occur in practice.
the evangelist was preaching sin and redemption, the infinite grace of god and his pardon for human frailty.
she was sobbing and choking--it was as if there were too many sounds for one throat, they came chasing each other, like waves upon the sea.
again the mysterious voice replied in the affirmative, and again the servant echoed it.
the linguistic circular went on to demand.
that wild tribes should dye their wools in the shades of blood and weave the designs of childhood is fitting and logical.
mr. peggotty (who never shut his mouth once, i remember, during the visit) showed great concern when he saw me do this, and nudged ham to say something.
many mile a day a-foot, and often with some poor soldier or another, travelling to see his friends.
ireland, in the minds of our poets, is a mystical land of green hills, saints and leprechauns, and its political problems are easy.
new occupations are therefore substituted for the old habitual one.
nothing less than two fat sweltering one-pound notes that seemed to have been on terms of the warmest intimacy with all the cattle-markets in the county.
he rounded this water with his hand, deepened and clarified it in his thought, and in his will bequeathed it to concord.
the vengeance and the juryman, looking after her as she walked away, were highly appreciative of her fine figure, and her superb moral endowments.
in the first place, everything constituting a memory-belief is happening now, not in that past time to which the belief is said to refer.
but i did not always use this staff of life.
beyond the ravine there is a plain, and beyond the plain there lies the uncharted forest, about which men must not think.
it was as true, said mr. barkis, as turnips is.
he knew all about us, he knew we would starve.
i suppose she wouldnt be inclined to forgive him now, hinted peggotty.
it is the same as if all these traps were buckled to a mans belt, and he could not move over the rough country where our lines are cast without dragging them,dragging his trap.
sometimes i saw him at his work in the woods, felling trees, and he would greet me with a laugh of inexpressible satisfaction, and a salutation in canadian french, though he spoke english as well.
thus is the city's water supply guarded.
on applying to the assessors, i am surprised to learn that they cannot at once name a dozen in the town who own their farms free and clear.
indeed they were at sea, and the ship and crew were in peril of tempest.
my hat (which had served me for a night-cap, too) was so crushed and bent, that no old battered handleless saucepan on a dunghill need have been ashamed to vie with it.
according to my experience, the conventional notion of a lover cannot be always true.
since the establishment of a school in a factory was the novel feature of the enterprise, he worked out a title based on this idea, with a sub-title presenting the striking results accomplished by the school.
but all that is observed or discovered is a certain set of habits in the use of words.
meanwhile a nozzle has snapped down over the first mold, shaping the neck of the bottle, and beginning the blowing.
in addition to the jeers of the sceptical, the presence of vessels was accompanied by suspicion on the part of the naval authorities, and the merchants were not favorably impressed.
i had not been serious with her; having no idea until now, that she was serious herself.
i was surprised, when i came to mr. barkiss house, to find ham walking up and down in front of it, and still more surprised to learn from him that little emly was inside.
we loitered down to the temple stairs, and stood loitering there, as if we were not quite decided to go upon the water at all.
i go home, more incredulous than ever, to a lodging that i have hard by; and get up very early in the morning, to ride to the highgate road and fetch my aunt.
it had innumerable branches--a perfect spider web beneath the city; jurgis walked over half a mile with his gang to the place where they were to work.
are you going to finish that pair of shoes to-day?
a man staggers into the room in oilskins, drenched, wet, breathless.
her beautiful serene eyes met mine as she came towards me.
never falsify or mistreat the facts: they are the supreme thing.
neither squeals of hogs nor tears of visitors made any difference to them; one by one they hooked up the hogs, and one by one with a swift stroke they slit their throats.
mr. copperfield, i hope i see you well, and--if i may umbly express myself so--friendly towards them as is ever your friends, whether or not.
but whether joe knew how poor i was, and how my great expectations had all dissolved, like our own marsh mists before the sun, i could not understand.
a custum us officer knows what to do with his buttons, said the jack, repeating the obnoxious word with the greatest contempt, when they comes betwixt him and his own light.
but he really is disinterested, and above small jealousy and spite, i have heard?
to assist housewives, as consumers, the article would have to show how to economize in using milk in the home.
they strolled here and there about the courtyard, and jurgis listened to them.
for the newspapers it was a rich source of human-interest stories.
then his look turned toward ona, who stood close to his side, and he saw the wide look of terror in her eyes.
the brewer was a jew, and had no brains, but he was harmless, and would put up a rare campaign fund.
* this is a necessary but not a sufficient condition.
master copperfield, said mrs. micawber, god bless you!
even the forest dwellers move gravely, thankful for any promise of kindness from the lord of day as he hangs above a sea-gray landscape, but knowing well that their long duress is not yet to end.
there also we found that the difference consists merely of the fact that a memory-image is accompanied by a belief, in this case as to the past.
thus it had come to pass, that tellson's was the triumphant perfection of inconvenience.
this is merely the adaptation of the definition of matter which i gave in an earlier lecture.
all the indian huckleberry hills are stripped, all the cranberry meadows are raked into the city.
i want to know; and when i awoke in the night, i found that i was uneasily asking all sorts of people in my dreams whether it really was or not--without knowing what i meant.
they have had their shameful rights, these nobles, in the modesty and virtue of our sisters, many years, but we have had good girls among us.
it may be reasonably inferred that our baby will first expire of inanition, as being the frailest member of our circle; and that our twins will follow next in order.
thus the ideal of absolutely rigid and absolutely permanent bodies, which early physicists pursued throughout the changing appearances, seemed attainable by supposing ordinary bodies to be composed of a vast number of tiny atoms.
merely to find the type to which a character belongs is not sufficient; such a process leaves the character stamped, to be sure, but without interest.
jurgis had only about sixty dollars in the bank, and the slack season was upon them.
all sorts of people have been proposed to me, but i will have nothing to say to any of them.
we changed again, and yet again, and it was now too late and too far to go back, and i went on.
in the city there was a combination of employers, representing hundreds of millions of capital, and formed for the purpose of crushing the labor unions.
thoroughness is the most difficult habit to acquire, but it is the pearl of great price, worth all the worry and trouble of the search.
in proportion as he simplifies his life, the laws of the universe will appear less complex, and solitude will not be solitude, nor poverty poverty, nor weakness weakness.
troy as their candidate to the state legislature for the first district.
all cases in which experience influences behaviour are instances of mnemic causation.
he made his way by sea to naples, and back, after hearing the narrative to which miss dartle had assisted me.
my mother drew my right hand forward, but i was resolved, for my former reason, not to give it him, and i did not.
i think i shall never revisit those scenes.
they would waken in the midnight hours, when everything was black; perhaps they would hear it yelling outside, or perhaps there would be deathlike stillness--and that would be worse yet.
you are to pay all charges out of my purse, you hear the condition of your going?
i stopped then, to wave my hat, and dear old joe waved his strong right arm above his head, crying huskily hooroar!
it affords me no satisfaction to commence to spring an arch before i have got a solid foundation.
and yet there the case stands: only by seeing and hearing for ourselves, however imperfectly, do we get the sense of reality.
i think i see david copperfield looking forward to any condition of any sort or kind, though it stared him point-blank in the face!
she saw me well enough; but instead of turning round and calling after me, ran away laughing.
they express themselves, and i leave them to themselves.
youll come back with so much to tell me, that itll take at least a week to make me understand!
(you will find a fine sea-coal fire, sir.)
mr. clemens had that rare faculty of loyalty to his friends which made the lapse of fifty years merely an interim.
would it be much out of the way, to take me in, near the great cathedral door between the two towers?
and this in the twentieth century, nineteen hundred years since the prince of peace was born on earth!
ostrinski's home was in the ghetto district, where he had two rooms in the basement of a tenement.
in the case of our present problem, the common knowledge involved is of various kinds.
the style appropriate to an entertaining story on odd superstitions of business men would be unsuitable for a popular exposition of wireless telephony.
ona--the baby--the family--the house--he would know the truth about them all!
here again the student often resembles the poet--he is born, not made.
make the same experiment upon the life of some one of your acquaintances.
this method of classification is also essential to the definition of sensations and images, as i shall endeavour to prove later on.
i was obliged to admit that mr. spenlow had considered it probable.
but our sweet will must give way to necessity.
he was not absolutely certain, he said, but he thought that he could get him a regular salary if he would come to packingtown and do as he was told, and keep his mouth shut.
i suppose i looked doubtful, for she added: tut, tut, child.
it was an unfortunate thing, but he didnt like me at all.
it was a stiff leather purse, with a snap, and had three bright shillings in it, which peggotty had evidently polished up with whitening, for my greater delight.
read your fate, see what is before you, and walk on into futurity.
in the case of thought, the response does not follow immediately upon the sensational stimulus, but that makes no difference as regards our present question.
i saw mr. pumblechook balance his knife.
no man ever can have been more desirous in his heart to serve a friend, than i am to serve mine, if i knew how.
after that, we shall be in a position to return to the question as to what constitutes believing.
so i said i would go into the outer office and talk to wemmick.
then i think i shall be a favourite, said i.
as he went out into the rigorous night, i saw the lonely figure flit away before us.
as i felt bound to assist him in this, and also to mediate between them; with the view of sparing the mothers feelings as much as possible, i wrote to her that night.
writers on analytical jurisprudence regard it as an element of possession.
i am afraid on disagreeable business, trotwood.
but first of all we must examine our knowledge of universals.
you know best, sir, i returned modestly.
theories purporting to be based on human nature are of three forms.
in these the preceding vowel is not long but short.
c. once found, the tree must be attacked boldly.
you never do anything at all to please me, do you, dear?
thus pure logic is independent of atomic facts; but conversely, they are, in a sense, independent of logic.
and i've lost my home, and my wife's ill, and i'm done up.
he faintly moaned, i am done for, as the victim, and he barbarously bellowed, ill serve you out, as the murderer.
as to keller, he was a simple german, by trade a paper-maker and by avocation a scientist of sorts.
he could walk up and down, free from distracting fancies, praying for himself and for them.
it touches me nearly now, although i tell it lightly, to recollect how eager i was to leave my happy home; to think how little i suspected what i did leave for ever.
now, i am glad i have been so foolish as to put the case, for it is so very good to know that your duty to each other would prevent it!
to distinguish the brothers, i will call them the elder and the younger; by the elder, i mean him who exercised the most authority.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
jip can protect me a great deal better than miss murdstone,--cant you, jip, dear?
when i asked him if the remittance had come, he pressed my hand and departed.
when ten people are sitting round a dinner-table, it seems preposterous to maintain that they are not seeing the same tablecloth, the same knives and forks and spoons and glasses.
which, to say the least of it, was out of keeping.
why, you see we wasnt aware, sir, returned the waiter, still apologetically, as mr. copperfield was anyways particular.
he grows to be four feet long, as big as a small boy, perhaps without any human being getting a glimpse of him.
these things are known to us by what i call 'knowledge by description', which we must now consider.
she kisses his lips; he kisses hers; they solemnly bless each other.
as i thought that i might compromise him if i went too often to the castle, i made this communication by letter.
often she found it necessary only to explain what the school had to offer.
we shook hands in a very cordial way; and i laughed and laughed, until i pulled out my pocket-handkerchief and wiped my eyes.
miss trotwood, rejoined mr. murdstone, shrugging his shoulders, as he rose, if you were a gentleman-- bah!
they were always 'my husband, my father, and my brother!
youll consider yourself guardian, jointly with me, of this child, mr. dick, said my aunt.
no life ever existed--absolutely not one--that was not capable of an absorbing expository biography.
if he is surrounded by mountainous circumstances, an achillean shore, whose peaks overshadow and are reflected in his bosom, they suggest a corresponding depth in him.
just now jurgis would have plenty of chance to vent his excitement, for a presidential campaign was on, and everybody was talking politics.
he was obviously distressed by the explanation.
it was a small cavity under ten feet of water; but i think that i can warrant the pond not to need soldering till they find a worse leak than that.
i took objection to that, and i couldnt allow it.
in the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute.
words could not paint the terror that came over him as he realized all this.
not until you include all varieties of things crossed and all the methods of support and the various materials used will your definition be sound and complete.
he owned a home, a little cottage with a rose garden at one side of it--surely, with love, enough for any bride.
ostrinski explained the organization of the party, the machinery by which the proletariat was educating itself.
the instant he entered the room, it was plain that all was lost.
it has a sweetish taste, much like that of a frostbitten potato, and i found it better boiled than roasted.
such desires are too large to be achieved through our own efforts.
he spoke like a man of education, like what the world calls a gentleman.
mr. cruncher did not assist at the closing sports, but had remained behind in the churchyard, to confer and condole with the undertakers.
i am disgusted with my calling and with my life.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company, boston.
sometimes, at night on kissing her father, she would burst into the grief she had repressed all day, and would say that her sole reliance, under heaven, was on him.
carried too far in the stage of equity and natural law, overdevelopment of the administrative element brings about a reaction and in the maturity of law individualization is pushed to the wall once more.
said miss lavinia, holding up her hand; we resolved, before we had the pleasure of receiving you two gentlemen, to leave you alone for a quarter of an hour, to consider this point.
the appointed punishment for his return to the land that had cast him out, being death, and his case being this aggravated case, he must prepare himself to die.
mrs. micawber has been busy, too, i have no doubt.
this quotation from mr. barkis was so appropriate, and tickled us both so much, that we laughed again and again, and were quite in a pleasant humour when we came within view of mr. peggottys cottage.
all were incorporated and federated into a central parent association, which owns the brand adopted and makes the rules and regulations under which the fruit is packed.
men unload the cars of sand--men pack the bottles.
what i had not noticed was that only men coming alone or with other men, and girls coming with other girls, would accept seats in the first room.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
some people would have scorned this talk as gossip; but then one has to talk about what one knows.
i would rather sit in the open air, for no dust gathers on the grass, unless where man has broken ground.
he saw ona again, he heard her gentle voice pleading with him.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
on making inquiry for him, i learned from the people of the house that he had not gone out yet, and i should find him in his room upstairs.
there was a deep pool, sheltered and silent, below him, and a sudden wonderful idea rushed upon him.
you have long had a good model before you, in your cousin annie.
this is wery liberal on your part, pip, said joe, and it is as such received and grateful welcome, though never looked for, far nor near, nor nowheres.
at dinner she maintained her watch, with the same unwinking eyes.
but we noted down what other foreign steamers would leave london with the same tide, and we satisfied ourselves that we knew the build and color of each.
why yes, said joe, lowering his voice, hes left the church and went into the playacting.
i well-nigh sunk all my capital in it, and lost my own breath into the bargain, running in the face of it.
there are boats for sixteen hundred--then rafts.
the same considerations apply to other instincts.
the heartiness of the ejaculation startled mr. dick exceedingly; and me, too, if i am to tell the truth.
soon he met a farmer driving a two-horse wagon loaded with straw, and he stopped him.
in phrasing the controlling purpose in one sentence, we make just such an organization.
the more my aunt looked at him, the more he reproached her; for she had lately taken to spectacles, and for some inscrutable reason he considered the glasses personal.
james, in the passage about the mental fire which won't burn real sticks, distinguishes images by their effects, but i think the more reliable distinction is by their causes.
at the pawnbrokers shop, too, i began to be very well known.
i said i could manage it,would manage it,and he was so very much pleased by my acquiescence, that i was pleased too.
i half expect the real master to come home presently, and say he is glad to see me.
think of him reckless, thriftless, vain, if you like,--but merciful, gentle, generous, full of love and pity.
the possibilities of description are not limited to sights alone; sounds, odors and other sense impressions, as well as emotions, may be described.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
i am rejoiced to see you, mister copperfield, even under present circumstances.
saying which, he went on his toes to the door, which i had left open, and carefully closed it.
when i got home at night, and delivered this message for joe, my sister went on the rampage, in a more alarming degree than at any previous period.
he read with young men who could find any leisure and interest for the study of a living tongue spoken all over the world, and he cultivated a taste for its stores of knowledge and fancy.
every book or person or experience is an investment that will or will not warrant a good return in ideas.
she wailed again; and he shouted in fury, i will not!
but, uncle pumblechook, who was omnipotent in that kitchen, wouldnt hear the word, wouldnt hear of the subject, imperiously waved it all away with his hand, and asked for hot gin and water.
he left escort and escorted without saying a word, however, and went into the guard-room; meanwhile, they sat upon their horses outside the gate.
the lime was burning with a sluggish stifling smell, but the fires were made up and left, and no workmen were visible.
now everything that can be apprehended by the senses or by introspection exists at some particular time.
in all this we are clearly not in the region of psychology, as commonly understood; yet we are also hardly in the region of physics.
to obtain them magazines sometimes offer prizes for the best, reserving the privilege of publishing acceptable articles that do not win an award.
will not all those whom i thus amuse love me?
she still preserved her proud manner, but there was a touch of softness in her voice, as she answered: i justify nothing.
thus our knowledge of what is external in this sense is not open to doubt.
thus we are brought back, after all, to a series of momentary views of the moving body, and this series will be compact, like the former physical series of points.
but i thought no worse of him, until the night of his departure for india.
a strong card--a certain guillotine card!
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
the squirrel tribe tried the same and succeeded.
it was too early yet to tell anything--the bank would not open for nearly three hours.
how does he bring out his conception of goldsmith?
then little antanas would open his eyes--he was beginning to take notice of things now; and he would smile--how he would smile!
watch the second hand make one revolution--a minute.
when the text seemed to require it: which was always a signal to mr. dick (a perfect country gentleman) to follow lustily with the same cry.
something came into my head which induced me to run after him, as he was going down to the jolly bargemen, where he had left a hired carriage.
he was shown up-stairs, and found lucie at her work, alone.
three theories of application of law obtain in the legal science of today.
bewitching mrs. copperfield, i repeated stoutly.
the chateau and all the race, returned defarge.
i thought it was rather a short name, yesterday, i confessed.
as our looks met, i observed that he was pale even to his lips, though he looked very steadily at me.
in the good old summertime--in the good old summertime!
whadd'ye think the man wanted to paint the picture for if there wasn't a dragon?
i aint a going, said joe, from behind his sleeve, to tell him nothink o that natur, pip.
if you give money, spend yourself with it, and do not merely abandon it to them.
he was idle, penniless, and fond of pleasure; he learned his way early to the pawn-broker's shop.
immediately behind are several trucks piled high with steel rails, fish-plates to secure connection between successive lengths of rails, spikes, and other necessaries.
this may seem singular, but it has nearly always been my experience.
the bank is the universal government credit-account, the ledger in which every individual's earnings and spendings are balanced.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
on this blank are left spaces for comments by each of the editorial assistants who read and pass upon the article.
i thought that there was no need of ice to freeze them.
does an individual place himself beyond the pale of those preferments by entering on such an office as mr. micawber has accepted?
fur if i aint theer, i never have no light showed.
yet, compared with the cheap professions of most reformers, and the still cheaper wisdom and eloquence of politicians in general, his are almost the only sensible and valuable words, and we thank heaven for him.
mr. spenlows in court, maam, said the dry man; its an arches day; but its close by, and ill send for him directly.
i am far from being sure that i might not have astonished our small congregation by resorting to this extreme measure, but for its being christmas day and no sunday.
peet placed his assistant in full charge, and the machine never lost a single day as a result of lack of supervision.
the system of nominate delicts or nominate torts, both in roman law and in our law, proceeds on this postulate.
they unwrapped him, and a man began vigorously rubbing his ears; and as they were frozen stiff, it took only two or three rubs to break them short off.
fortunately, however, they had already sold some papers, and came back with nearly as much as they started with.
we are being made into something quite unpredictable, i imagine: and through the purging and the smelting, we are sustained by an instinctive knowledge that we are being made into something better.
usually it is coupled with a psychological theory on the one side and a social-utilitarian theory on the other side.
my compliments to miss trotwood, i am getting on very well indeed.
i think there is a reason why his theory cannot be regarded as alone sufficient, but it seems not unlikely that it is partly correct.
in their relation to nature men appear to me for the most part, notwithstanding their arts, lower than the animals.
before embarking upon the somewhat difficult and abstract discussions which lie before us, it will be well to take a survey of the hopes we may retain and the hopes we must abandon.
in that light, however, i soon lost them, and, feeling very cold, lay down to think of the matter, and fell asleep again.
the reader now understands, as well as i do, what i was when i came to that point of my youthful history to which i am now coming again.
almost immediately, in spite of my inexperience, the bills dropped.
i sometimes have sick fancies, she went on, and i have a sick fancy that i want to see some play.
in the end it was decided that jurgis should go downtown to strike out for himself, and they would decide after he got a job.
miss lavinia turned my letter, so as to bring the superscription towards herself, and referred through her eye-glass to some orderly-looking notes she had made on that part of it.
they seem little more than a summer day and a winter evening.
your guardian was not at that time in miss havishams counsels, and she was too haughty and too much in love to be advised by any one.
you know, dear; what a little hand it was to hold, and what a tiny wedding-ring it was to see!
it was in the early morning after my arrival that i entertained this speculation.
there is, however, a practical inconvenience, namely that we cannot determine the objective reference of a proposition, according to this definition, unless we know whether the proposition is true or false.
every one's share was different--and yet every one knew perfectly well what his share was, and strove to give a little more.
all that is necessary is that it should be derivable from the regular appearances by the laws which express the distorting influence of the medium.
as if a train of powder laid from the outermost bound of saint antoine quarter to the wine-shop door, had been suddenly fired, a fast-spreading murmur came rushing along.
i wonder, said mr. lorry, pausing in his looking about, that he keeps that reminder of his sufferings about him!
yet there are many cases clear enough and grave enough to justify that exception.
her first proceeding there was to unlock a tall press, bring out several bottles, and pour some of the contents of each into my mouth.
you talk, said agnes, breaking into a pleasant laugh, as she sat at work, as if i were the late miss larkins.
the method of applying it is interesting.
from exertion come wisdom and purity; from sloth ignorance and sensuality.
i came upon the amiable creature--if youll imagine my feelings, miss trotwood and david--in the act of making his will.
boys may suffer from it, but they suffer alone.
they often walked with me, he said, in the morning, maybe a mile or two upon my road; and when we parted, and i said, im very thankful to you!
jurgis was trying to think what to do--he knew he could not pass any crowded place with his new acquaintance without attracting attention and being stopped.
they were hot and stiff as boards on top, and a little damp on the underside, when he awakened; but being hungry, he put them on and set out again.
his controlling purpose is obviously to make the reader understand the process of bee-hunting in such a way as to be attracted to it as a delightful sport.
altogether, i am well off, when i tell my income on the fingers of my left hand, i pass the third finger and take in the fourth to the middle joint.
if any should come nigh, they shall see the old widder woman true to em, a long way off.
the english customer was not without his reflections then, that it might be a good deed to seize that arm, lift it, and strike under it sharp and deep.
and we thought: this is a foul place.
when i could cry no more, i began to think; and then the oppression on my breast was heaviest, and my grief a dull pain that there was no ease for.
it elicited an answering chorus of good day!
from all quarters they are coming, past charing cross the great wains are arriving from paddington terminal, from the market-garden section of middlesex and surrey.
we will consider these three problems in succession.
i knew it, on the instant, quite as well as ham.
the historical jurist thereupon verified the deduction by showing the same principle as the idea realizing itself in legal history.
in neither case can he be sure, until he has investigated, that an item of news will prove to contain sufficient available material for an article.
ona saw this, and was very careful not to destroy his peace of mind, by letting him know how very much pain she was suffering.
little, if any, community of feeling subsisted between them and estella, but the understanding was established that they were necessary to her, and that she was necessary to them.
my dear tutor, said i (now, really, without any nonsense), to whom i owe more obligations already than i ever can acknowledge-- no, no, interposed the doctor.
thus we must either accept the inductive principle on the ground of its intrinsic evidence, or forgo all justification of our expectations about the future.
cape becomes bar, and plain shoal, and valley and gorge deep water and channel.
that was enough to take meeker to the caribbean to see for himself.
they believed that all our knowledge is derived from the senses and dependent upon them.
it sheared off heads so many, that it, and the ground it most polluted, were a rotten red.
she was young, popular, unusually fond of frocks and fun.
on two days of the week during the noon hour, the teacher read aloud to the girls until they were able to read for themselves.
though a constant one, it is not commonly noticed, and, in the case of an excitable imagination like cellinis, it would be basis enough for superstition.
there is the supposedly neutral observer of the game, who must murmur warnings or lament the ill-judged moves; without him, how would life and chess be simplified?
accordingly they maintain that in knowledge we are in direct contact with objects, which may be, and usually are, outside our own minds.
he was nursing the baby, and appeared to be a benignant member of society.
this never costs anything to speak of, unless you plant more than enough.
they are your friends, said miss havisham.
i became imbued with the notion on that first occasion before we sat down to dinner, but i cannot define by what means.
they were used for political or military or religious purposes or, like rivers, were put to use by everyone without being consumed thereby.
take my word for it, the strike will be over in a few days, and the men will be beaten; and meantime what you can get out of it will belong to you.
married people are not ever tender with each other, you will notice: if they are mutually civil it is much: and physical contacts apart, their relation is that of a very moderate intimacy.
the paper directly under the crystals is illuminated by a beam of light.
the gluttony of swine is put before us, as an example to the young.
it is a matter of intellectual self-respect to read and judge, not to read and blindly swallow.
and the last endeavor of her life was to try to get a rest room for colored girls in the high school.
step into a shop, and ill soon get rid of this fellow.
i had also bestowed a shilling on the orfling, who was about to be disbanded.
never mixing with any natural ties, never coming here to see how miss havisham is!
it was the natural yearning of that portion of our most primitive ancestor which still survived in us.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
i am glad you have so much of the englishman in you, though i wish you had never taken that cold in your voice, said miss pross, approvingly.
the sentiment which goes with this is like a milder and more extended form of family feeling.
with some vague misgiving that she might get upon the table then and there and die at once, the complete realization of the ghastly waxwork at the fair, i shrank under her touch.
mr. micawber, glancing at us all, seemed to think there was a good deal in this idea.
if your pumps are too large and slip at the heel, just put a strip across the back and they will stay in place nicely.
emerson's problem was comparatively simplified, so far as personal integrity concerned him, for he was by nature good.
the trip had failed to demonstrate that steam was an entirely adequate substitute for the mast and sail in regular service.
i wouldnt touch the lowance, not if i was dying of want, danl peggotty; but ill go with you and emly, if youll ony let me, to the worlds end!
if i have known barkis a year, to move to as he went by, i have known him forty years.
rather this man saved for defense than risked for such a captive, feminist though she be, and queen.
in this case the correspondence which constitutes truth is very simple.
the following example is even more surprising.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
here and there they would stop to inspect a bunch of cattle, and there would be a parley, brief and businesslike.
brown khaki or corduroy skirts, eight inches from the ground, with two large pockets, are worn under soft green smocks smocked in brown.
it appears to me highly important that mr. micawber should, from the hour of his embarkation, feel his position.
but the facts are also consistent with the denial of spatial and temporal entities over and above things with spatial and temporal relations.
it knew that there was no salvation in the quickest thrust of the head, for it had been informed that this hunter was protected by an enchantment.
mrs. micawber and our offspring will accompany me.
he said, i thought i was done for that time.
at length the same boy reappeared, and presented me with a note written in pencil, and headed, in a legal manner, heep v. micawber.
unprepared as he was for the large pill he had to swallow, he got it down.
but i had a reason that was an old reason now for constitutionally faltering whenever i heard the word convict.
what we did was to buy the furniture on the instalment plan, agreeing to pay twenty dollars a month till the bill was settled, and we put the furniture money into running expenses.
what i have been thinking of, this month back!
but why do i stay to mention these things?
neither need we fear the presence of bacterial life in our drinking water.
i assure you, returned mr. stryver, in the friendliest way, that i am sorry for it on your account, and sorry for it on the poor father's account.
very good, returned my aunt, thats settled.
we may seek merely to please; we may seek, having no higher gift, merely to gratify the idle nine days curiosity of our contemporaries; or we may essay, however feebly, to instruct.
they carried the pulp through to manufacture, with a small proportion of rags added--and they had paper.
so thick-specs, being naturally serious and solid, began to dig into motor trucks from the standpoint of the customer.
these crawling things had fascinated my attention, and i was watching them from a distance, when miss havisham laid a hand upon my shoulder.
don't despond, said carton, very gently; don't grieve.
two newspaper men in new york know that.
he was lying with his head and shoulders out of bed, in an uncomfortable attitude, half resting on the box which had cost him so much pain and trouble.
doctor manette received such patients here as his old reputation, and its revival in the floating whispers of his story, brought him.
nothing is told of him but that once, abruptly, he asked a question, and received an answer.
now, what are the occasions when, we actively believe that charles i was executed?
but upon its being successfully met depends the whole success of the writing, whether of choosing or ordering or proportioning the material, or of expressing the selected ideas.
there was some hope in this piece of wisdom, and it rather encouraged me.
i remember that i sat resting my head upon my hand, when the letter was half done, cherishing a general fancy as if agnes were one of the elements of my natural home.
there was an old roman bath in those days at the bottom of one of the streets out of the strand--it may be there still--in which i have had many a cold plunge.
rather mean to borrow under those circumstances, i should say.
he crossed a long bridge over a river frozen solid and covered with slush.
no basis for a law of contracts was to be found in the power of the tribunals with respect to injuries although our law did make assumpsit out of trespass on the case.
if your sagacity, knowledge, and experience, could put me on the right track, i might be able to do so much; unenlightened and undirected, i can do so little.
our knowledge of these similarities and differences is never exhaustive, and therefore our knowledge of the meaning of a universal is never complete.
i inquired, after looking at the fire a little while.
i, for my part, was prepared with passports; herbert had seen startop, and he was more than ready to join.
there is no earthly doubt that he is retaken.
the thing was done; the spinning top had come to the rescue of its posterity.
a young man i met upon the street, your honor.
the power to be obtained by means of a wedge has been known for ages, yet it is that simple device which enables this seemingly impossible work to be accomplished with ease.
and make mine so much lighter, she replied.
you are in a bad way, you know; you really are in a bad way.
their privacy need form no bar to the scientific study of them, any more than the privacy of bodily sensations does.
my appearance, with my arm bandaged and my coat loose over my shoulders, favored my object.
beauty is a necessity to some persons, like exercise; though others can get along perfectly well without it and, therefore, wonder why we cannot too.
anybody here seen anything of any such game?
dissatisfied, and uncomfortable, andwhat would it signify to me, being coarse and common, if nobody had told me so!
a man is better than a boy because he knows better; he has learned by experience that what is a harm to others is a greater harm to himself, and he would rather not do it.
this word has been dropped by the american realists, among whom we may mention specially professor r. b. perry of harvard and mr. edwin b. holt.
my answer was, that i had heard of the name.
i was paralysed by the sight of such grief.
the irregular appearances, however, are not merely irregular: they proceed according to laws which can be stated in terms of the matter through which the light has passed on its way.
madame defarge looked coldly at her, and said, the wife of evremonde; where is she?
he was, now, a huge, strong fellow of six feet high, broad in proportion, and round-shouldered; but with a simpering boys face and curly light hair that gave him quite a sheepish look.
we have first an expectation, then a sensation with the feeling of expectedness related to memory of the expectation.
his main thought is the amount of the wage to be received.
the writer who makes methodical preparation for his work generally has some system of filing good material so that it will be at hand when he wants it.
until they have gone through this ordeal, they are mere blind habits, ways of behaving rather than intellectual convictions.
this property and france are lost to me, said the nephew, sadly; i renounce them.
i beg your pardon, my dear jane, said my mother, but are you quite sure--i am certain youll excuse me, my dear jane--that you understand davy?
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
this set me thinking; and i was glad that it did, because i am being paid by this paper to think once a week, and it is wearing.
my answer was, to pass out at the gate immediately.
but there are difficulties in such a hypothesis, and i do not know whether these difficulties could be successfully met.
come into the dark room here, and let us have one final word alone.
mr. dick softly raised her; and she stood, when she began to speak, leaning on him, and looking down upon her husband--from whom she never turned her eyes.
i knew that he was a widower with one daughter, and expressed my acknowledgements.
let me kiss my dear girl with an old-fashioned bachelor blessing, before somebody comes to claim his own.
jurgis stood for half a minute more, stammering his perplexity through an eighth of an inch of crack; and then, as there was really nothing more to be said, he excused himself and went away.
this lag in intellectual progress ... is something which it is the especial duty of the journalist to remove.
knowledge is a form of union of self and not-self; like all union, it is impaired by dominion, and therefore by any attempt to force the universe into conformity with what we find in ourselves.
i am sorry to make such a beginning with you, but i must do it.
confided to the cares of messrs. tellson and co., bankers, london, england.
at any rate, an hour after eating it, the child had begun to cry with pain, and in another hour he was rolling about on the floor in convulsions.
i then signed to mr. peggotty to remain where he was, and emerged from their shade to speak to her.
many a time of an evening, when i sat alone looking at the fire, i thought, after all there was no fire like the forge fire and the kitchen fire at home.
twenty-five yards was perhaps his best previous record.
the line of the buildings stood clear-cut and black against the sky; here and there out of the mass rose the great chimneys, with the river of smoke streaming away to the end of the world.
inheritance and succession, definition of interests in property and the conveyance thereof, matters of commercial law and the creation, incidents and transfer of obligations have proved a fruitful field for legislation.
all i have to say on that score is, that the cloud has passed from the dreary scene, and the god of day is once more high upon the mountain tops.
said miss havisham, playing with estellas hair.
and i do assure you, shes the dearest girl!-- mr. micawber took an early opportunity, after that, of hinting, with the utmost delicacy and ceremony, at the state of my affections.
this is the first point in defining accuracy of response.
we looked at each other, and he addressed himself to peggotty.
and trusting and strong in faith he had gone about his business, the while a black shadow hung over him and a horrid fate waited in his pathway.
my dear sir, years have elapsed, since i had an opportunity of ocularly perusing the lineaments, now familiar to the imaginations of a considerable portion of the civilized world.
i believe that if you were not in disgrace with the court, and had not been overshadowed by that cloud for years past, a letter de cachet would have sent me to some fortress indefinitely.
as estella looked back over her shoulder before going out at the door, miss havisham kissed that hand to her, with a ravenous intensity that was of its kind quite dreadful.
but her skin is fair as old ivory and she is a college girl--a girl of the times to her finger-tips.
avoid the stock phrases that are colorless.
in the end it was through a newspaper that he got a job, after nearly a month of seeking.
it is needless to add that goods delivered to customers must be of the same quality and appearance as the samples, and that one must keep one's promises to the dot.
the connection of experienced past uniformity with expectation as to the future is just one of those uniformities of sequence which we have observed to be true hitherto.
i care not on what stream of knowledge he may embark, follow up its course, and the rivulets that feed it flow from many lands.
she had never seen him softened, and was much distressed.
that perils had thickened about him fast, and might thicken faster and faster yet, he of course knew now.
barsad, said defarge, making it french by pronunciation.
i was not present at the ceremony; but my opinion is you were, said carton.
if you get used to it, and get to like it, you want to hear it said, no matter how often they say it.)
two years was the statute of limitations, and after that the victim could not sue.
i watch the passage of the morning cars with the same feeling that i do the rising of the sun, which is hardly more regular.
the harp is the travelling patterer for the universes insurance company, recommending its laws, and our little goodness is all the assessment that we pay.
in addition you will note the qualities of efficiency, of triumphing over winds, of beautiful poise, and smoothness of execution.
this confusion, however, can be avoided without our necessarily abandoning the theory we are examining.
and then suddenly, as in an explosion, the horrible truth burst over him, and he reeled and staggered back with a scream.
you mean that you cant accept how can i?
my opinion, miss, returned mr. cruncher, is as you're right.
in general in civil-law countries today what we call specific performance is the rule.
liability imposed by good faith to prevent unjust enrichment was quasi-contractual.
if the catalogue has been exhausted, then see what the encyclopdias may contain.
* that is to say, if a small difference of stimulus produces a great difference of response, the instrument is very accurate; in the contrary case, very inaccurate.
nonsense!--you mean to go tomorrow, i suppose?
he is nothing to me now, trot--less than nothing.
we had not been seated long, when i saw an approaching arrival in mrs. strongs face, before i heard any sound of it.
who d'you think you are, saying you won't go?
there was scarcely a thing needed in the business that durham and company did not make for themselves.
it had more than once happened, that the judge in the black cap pronounced his own doom as certainly as the prisoner's, and even died before him.
its getting late, my dear, said mr. peggotty, and heres ham come fur to take you home.
they would see nothing, save our crime of working alone, and they would destroy us and our light.
the behaviourist philosophy of psychology, though in many respects admirable from the point of view of method, appears to me to fail in the last analysis because it is based upon an inadequate philosophy of physics.
in addition, st. louis was crippled in the war between the states.
you had better, lucie, said mr. lorry, doing all he could to propitiate, by tone and manner, have the dear child here, and our good pross.
it was a pleasant arternoon when she awoke; and so quiet, that there warnt a sound but the rippling of that blue sea without a tide, upon the shore.
what light does the following paragraph which appears at the beginning of the book throw upon the controlling purpose?
i shall therefore dismiss the view that they are separate mental occurrences, and regard them as properties of such experiences as would be called respectively uncomfortable and pleasant.
his names as good, in all that part, as any mans is, anywheres in the wureld.
money, or no release, repeated mr. gulpidge, firmly.
thats the way were taxed in this country.
we knew our supply wagons had not succeeded in climbing the last hill into town, and that therefore bread and unsweetened coffee would be our portion.
our literature, judged by the great literatures contemporaneous with it, is insufficient to the opportunity and the need.
to him homer was a great writer, though what his writing was about he did not know.
the power of the sky can be made to do mens bidding.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
but thats different, thats quite different.
i have no time for them, no chance of them.
they had only been able to buy one stove, and this was a small one, and proved not big enough to warm even the kitchen in the bitterest weather.
in twenty-four hours steve and his companions are at the training station, have taken the oath of allegiance, and are safely and well on their way to full membership in the family of uncle sam.
but the flames rose and we could not guess the word.... whateven if we have to burn for it like the saint of the pyrewhat is the unspeakable word?
the frequency differs in the three circuits, so that each produces its characteristic pitch.
i have had a hundred fellows after me today, and what can i do?
not only in what concerns others, but in what concerns only themselves, the individual, or the family, do not ask themselves--what do i prefer?
the effects of the big mail-order houses.
inexperienced writers should not attempt to prepare sketches of persons whom they know but slightly.
four times five will do handsomely, will it?
i didnt see you, but i must have been pretty close behind you.
the tone is that of japanese paintings on white silk, their color showing soft and dull through the frost-powder with which the air is filled.
and i am so grateful for it, miss havisham!
scholarship meant sacrifice, but all agreed that it was the ideal life.
if my advice had been asked, i should not have been here.
similarly, he dealt us clean plates and knives and forks, for each course, and dropped those just disused into two baskets on the ground by his chair.
in consequence of my apprehension of the meaning of the letter, i go to the right place at the right time; here we have an effect of mind on matter.
and as to being common, i dont make it out at all clear.
our discovery is too great for us to waste our time in sweeping the streets.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
but administration cannot ignore the universal aspects of situations without endangering the general security.
there was one boy--a certain j. steerforth--who cut his name very deep and very often, who, i conceived, would read it in a rather strong voice, and afterwards pull my hair.
we considered this theory in the third and fourth lectures; for the present, a mere sketch of its application to our present problem must suffice.
on thanksgiving day, between the exhausting strain of high-tension work and the zeal of the young reformer, her beautiful life and brilliant fire were burned out.
but, as that year wore on, dora was not strong.
socrates was put to death, but the socratic philosophy rose like the sun in heaven, and spread its illumination over the whole intellectual firmament.
i beg your pardon, miss, he said, awakening from his abstraction, but, however submissive to you, i have my position, though a servant.
for this belief there is, to some extent, historic justification.
i will learn frankness from--let me see--from james.
jurgis's heart went down into his boots.
besides, in company one may have to consider the wants of others.
beauty, or order, but we do not see clearly why they did so, and we esteem it at best only a curious philological fact.
i did not shut out of my consideration the time when i should leave her free, and still young and still beautiful, but with her judgement more matured--no, gentlemen--upon my truth!
both the women followed; the second woman being the vengeance.
suppose you were not satisfied with the consistory, what did you do then?
my image, therefore, is regarded as an event in me, not as having that position in the orderly happenings of the public world that belongs to sensations.
now that i may call you by that name, i have one thing more to tell you.
i only called to say that if there was anything we could do, in present circumstances, mother or self, or wickfield and heep,--we should be really glad.
i glanced at the serene face looking upward, and thought it was the stars that made it seem so noble.
i hope, said traddles, it is not because you have conceived a dislike to the law--for i am a lawyer myself, you know.
literature, like any other art, is singularly interesting to the artist; and, in a degree peculiar to itself among the arts, it is useful to mankind.
a horse which has been often driven along a certain road resists the attempt to drive him in a different direction.
i, said madame, am equally engaged at the same place.
it is in vain i represent that i have acted for them, and not against, according to your commands.
take such a property as being named jones.
one day it came into his mind to make a staff.
it was evening when i arrived, much fatigued by the journey i had so often made so easily.
but they all come to the same final results, are marked by the same spirit and put the same shackles upon juristic activity.
having supposed that there was sense where there is no sense, and a laudable ambition where there is not a laudable ambition, i am well out of my mistake, and no harm is done.
why, the fact is, he returned, i did that.
sir, if i may be so bold, what do you mean by a dead set?
the words alone, without the use of images, may cause appropriate emotions and appropriate behaviour.
these were its contents: prison of the abbaye, paris.
the one great outrage of her life, demanding to be constantly avenged, was the passage of a donkey over that immaculate spot.
ona, too, was falling into a habit of silence--ona, who had once gone about singing like a bird.
the end will come swiftly, without warning--a sudden rupture of the bulkhead that is sustaining her weight.
now, sensations are certainly among the data of psychology.
and he told him this, very strongly, with the hope of rousing him from any despondency or dangerous retrospect towards which he foresaw he might be tending.
so marija lived in a continual dread lest something should happen to her bank, and would go out of her way mornings to make sure that it was still there.
that he would be leniently treated, i could not hope.
farther away, in the roar and hissing, clouds of spray seem literally to slide down some invisible plane of air.
the voice of the youthful servant became faint, but she seemed to me, from the action of her lips, again to murmur that it would be attended to immediate.
a period of legal development resulted which is strikingly analogous to the classical period of roman law.
although there is no standard column width for magazines, the number of words in a line does not usually exceed eight.
from this result, zeno's conclusion follows.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
but have we any good reason to suppose that it is real?
incidentally kansas ranks next to nebraska in dearth of trees.
nobody else knew it to be his name; his own wife had no suspicion of the fact; mr. lorry could have none.
the burden is upon anyone who claims to be the individual owner of anything.
is he--is mr. dick--i ask because i dont know, aunt--is he at all out of his mind, then?
so long as you do not obscure the facts of the analysis, make it unclear or blurred, so long you are safe.
but he slept out of the house too, at his mothers lodging; and before i had gone many hundred yards, came up with me.
this, then, is the appropriate region of human liberty.
all covered with dust, white as a spectre, tall as a spectre!
we killed a mountain goat, and we brought its flesh to be cooked in a strange copper pot we found in a place of wonders, which must have been the cooking room of the house.
i say to my friend, suppose we try who will get there first.
the name of this heroic company was the grand old party-- and here the band began to play, and jurgis sat up with a violent start.
there is no special virtue in one method more than another except as sometimes one happens to be more useful for a given case, as we shall see.
herbert lay asleep in his bed, and our old fellow-student lay asleep on the sofa.
a short title consisting of a small group of words yields its meaning at a glance.
i read the service over with a flat-candle on the previous night, and the conclusion i derived from it was, that i never could desert mr. micawber.
a third man saw in the vocational bureau a means of keeping a control over employing interests.
i am just tired out--i have spoken every day for the last month.
and she evidently thought so, for she wept most grievously.
the pullman system has a method for noticing those very things--inconsequential in themselves but all going to raise the standard of its service.
as he walked to and fro with his resolution made, he considered that neither lucie nor her father must know of it until he was gone.
a lake is the landscapes most beautiful and expressive feature.
she seized him by the sleeve with her good hand, panting wildly, no, no, jurgis!
the last of his iniquities arose from a valor that lacked its better part, an absurd mixture of falstaff and bantam rooster.
and they fought for veal-cutlets out of a silver basket.
it was agreed that all the men were to be re-employed within forty-five days, and that there was to be no discrimination against union men.
but for several reasons this wouldn't work.
then, said mr. jaggers, come and dine with me.
what a bad disposition you have, peggotty!
thus the basis of liability has become twofold.
let us begin by a brief description of the two contrasted worlds.
the nineteenth century abhorred judicial discretion and sought to exclude the administrative element from the domain of judicial justice.
now, biddy, said i, i am very sorry to see this in you.
his mockery of the grave and great, in those sentences which are as brave as pennants in a breeze, is comfortable and sedative.
joe offered no answer, poor fellow, but stood feeling his whisker and looking dejectedly at me, as if he thought it really might have been a better speculation.
but the greatest effect in these miserable lessons is when my mother (thinking nobody is observing her) tries to give me the cue by the motion of her lips.
do you remember--hear what i say, with fortitude--think of your great object!--do you remember martha?
the third, he was back, wagging approval of us and intent to stay, which seemed to leave no choice but to take him in.
howbeit, it did sometimes happen that it was not easy to find another, without making a long circuit; and so i had passed that way, upon the whole, pretty often.
at the close of the article it is well to put the end mark (#).
even when the lessons are done, the worst is yet to happen, in the shape of an appalling sum.
for the present, therefore, let us forget these problems, and try to discover what actually occurs in memory.
you would be infinitely better in clarrikers house, small as it is.
they ought not to marry, to have children; no workingman ought to marry--if he, jurgis, had known what a woman was like, he would have had his eyes torn out first.
for a whole block he tore after the car, only a little ways behind.
he had worn the home-made vermont gray, he said, and that was good.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
all inferences, when stated fully, are instances of propositions having this kind of generality.
recollect the admission you have made, and dont try to go from it presently.
one reason, perhaps, why the goths destroyed the beautiful art works of rome was the fact that they had not the critical spirit, did not relate these works to their development and race.
it may be too late, i don't know, but let it not be a minute later!
it informed me of her husbands hopeless state, and hinted at his being a little nearer than heretofore, and consequently more difficult to manage for his own comfort.
such command no more respect than men of straw, or a lump of dirt.
we have perfect confidence in you, mr. micawber, said i, and will do what you please.
i did nor for a moment feel confined, and the walls seemed a great waste of stone and mortar.
whereas them medical doctors' wives don't flop--catch 'em at it!
could he not be a man for ona's sake, and pull himself together?
i do not wholly agree with this view, but it is difficult to disentangle the difference as to introspection from the difference as to the nature of knowing.
for a man who has never thought about musical form to attempt criticism of a sonata is foolish--he can at best merely comment.
i have observed one rise and a part of two falls, and i expect that a dozen or fifteen years hence the water will again be as low as i have ever known it.
are the limits any other than those imposed by the tools with which we work, whereby we may lose more than we gain, if we attempt to apply them in certain situations?
a hundred times the dozing passenger inquired of this spectre: buried how long?
when at last i dozed, in sheer exhaustion of mind and body, it became a vast shadowy verb which i had to conjugate.
mr. micawber promptly resumed his letter, glad to revert to a performance with which he was so highly satisfied.
she would have been less and less a companion for him.
i have no doubt that my poor dear mother thought him so too.
after which he borrowed a shilling of me for porter, gave me a written order on mrs. micawber for the amount, and put away his pocket-handkerchief, and cheered up.
* * * * there was eternal spring, and placid zephyrs with warm blasts soothed the flowers born without seed.
but, judging from the wing, it looked to me that when he see the ghost in the queens apartment, he might have made more of his stockings.
in ten minutes more he had reached his street, and home.
the letter (mr. micawber never missed any possible opportunity of writing a letter) was addressed to me, by the kindness of t. traddles, esquire, of the inner temple.
to the old men come dimes instead--some of them miserable affairs bearing on their worn faces the faint presentments of the ruler on the north side of lake erie and hardly redeemable in baltimore or cincinnati.
doent keep in that coat, sir, if its wet.
he drew her to him, whispered in her ear, and kissed her.
you told me you had been to jadvyga's house that other night, and you hadn't.
there were four little girls, and two little boys, besides the baby who might have been either, and the babys next successor who was as yet neither.
for this purpose, it is only necessary to take our ordinary common-sense statements and reword them without the assumption of permanent substance.
i wonder what my friend smuts would make of the yen-tai coal mine?
still, i have so much respect for the rights of property that it seems to me every man ought to have the privilege of spelling and pronouncing his own name in any way he pleases.
he said that this business had, within a few days, taken him to france, and might, at intervals, take him backwards and forwards between france and england for a long time to come.
and whatever opinion you take away of me, shall make no difference in my remembrance of you.
this, indeed, he might easily have been if he had been less absorbed, for footsteps fell noiselessly on the sandy ground outside; but even my entrance failed to rouse him.
front yards are not made to walk in, but, at most, through, and you could go in the back way.
but the house--the house was a different color!
so if i go to them they tell me their heart longings, what they ask for the cherokee.
it was a day of some wild rejoicing, and a festival.
in the bright center and sunlight i leap, i caper, i dance my dance; but when i look up, i see they are not deceived.
biddy, said i, with some severity, i have particular reasons for wanting to be a gentleman.
to appease justice, the government allotted them lands anyway, in their absence, and paid the money for their old property into the banks, where it lies untouched.
the prisoners were far from insensible or unfeeling; their ways arose out of the condition of the time.
our eyes met, and all the sir melted out of that manly heart as he gave me his hand.
i went out of my senses immediately; became a mere driveller next day, on receipt of a little lace-edged sheet of note-paper, favoured by papa.
even the reporter has an office, and, with clear eyes and honest language, may unveil injustices and point the way to progress.
then the quantity and quality of the booty would also betray it.
we shall not find all our campaigns as easy as this one.
the other man had been in the midst of a discussion with the editor when adams and jurgis came in; and at the suggestion of the host they resumed it after the interruption.
it also told me, with staring emphasis, when he died; which was but an indirect way of informing me that he ever lived.
how do you fare to feel about it, masr davy?
said i, when she had gone away, laughing.
national feeling, as we know it, could not exist in a nation which was wholly free of external pressure of a hostile kind.
the other is his brother, the worst of a bad race.'
who has succeeded to miss larkins, trotwood?
we have talked it over a good deal, her uncle and myself, and her sweetheart and myself, after business; and i consider it is principally on account of her being unsettled.
when one man has reduced a fact of the imagination to be a fact to his understanding, i foresee that all men at length establish their lives on that basis.
that matter of herberts was still progressing, and everything with me was as i have brought it down to the close of the last preceding chapter.
i will never stir from your side, said i, when i am suffered to be near you.
to make any one answerable for doing evil to others, is the rule; to make him answerable for not preventing evil, is, comparatively speaking, the exception.
i coloured in replying that i believed it was.
all such detailed bits of life the essayist relishes, and in turn they enrich his personality and make him able to give the personal note that is the heart of the informal essay.
all that is necessary for geometry is that they should have mutual relations possessing certain enumerated abstract properties, and it may be that an assemblage of data of sensation will serve this purpose.
and gave me the closing cup of tea of the vacation.
celery demands a pipe rather than a cigar, and it can be eaten better in an inn or a london tavern than in the home.
i am glad to think there were two such guileless hearts at peggottys marriage as little emlys and mine.
my aunt shook her head firmly, confident in the character and behaviour of the girl who never was born.
london is schooled to shows of this kind.
its not professional, but its very delightful.
there must be discussion, to show how experience is to be interpreted.
his shell-jacket was as much too little for him as he was too big for the premises.
when this relief is made as complete as possible, it reduces a man to a condition in which his very virtues are contemptible.
we have been discussing your emigration, with many apologies to you for keeping you out of the room so long; and ill tell you what arrangements we propose.
this was such a great fall, that i said in discomfiture, o, more than that.
and jurgis started to mutter some reply; but at the same instant the man raised his light, which flashed in his face, so that it was possible to recognize him.
well, sir, returned my aunt, to tell you the truth, i think you are pretty constant to the promise of your youth; if thats any satisfaction to you.
but she had wrote out a little coddleshell in her own hand a day or two afore the accident, leaving a cool four thousand to mr. matthew pocket.
paulsen, ethics (thilly's translation), ch.
the fact is that the american literary imagination after the civil war was almost sterile.
but presently i discovered underneath it, miss mowcher.
self-evidence, however, is not confined to those among general principles which are incapable of proof.
demands my companion, diverted for a moment from the flowers.
later in the day, i returned, and we laid him in his mothers room.
dear joe, have you heard what becomes of her property?
new categories were added in successive strata, as it were, and juristic science sought afterward to reduce them to system and logical consistency.
i actually was carrying out a threat of separation and stripping the apartment, one morning, when max came back from town and sat down to discuss matters with me.
to show the wonderful consistency of the laws of heredity in plants.
under the circumstances, i felt that joe could hardly fail to discern in the pale young gentleman, an appropriate passenger to be put into the black velvet coach; therefore, i said nothing of him.
there is no peggotty now, as in the old time.
so amid deafening uproar it clattered to and fro, growing thinner and flatter and longer.
some thick old hangings had been nailed up before the windows, to deaden the sound of the shrieks.
my little minnie, said mrs. joram, has only just now been got to sleep.
at first sight we might imagine that knowledge could be defined as 'true belief'.
some are dinning in our ears that we americans, and moderns generally, are intellectual dwarfs compared with the ancients, or even the elizabethan men.
even in the apparently prosaic round of everyday life will be found a variety of themes.
no languor, no dull headache, no exhaustion, follows your experience.
it would be an impertinence elsewhere, but it is not so here, to ask your name and condition?
why i was trying to pack mine into my tumbler, i am wholly unable to say.
so at six o'clock minna joined the relays of working girls who--many of them, like minna, at personal risk and sacrifice--handed out cards all day to each man who entered.
last night with the celery autumn came into its own.
i carried half a dozen dresses from the dyer's to a woman who evolved three very decent gowns; and then i toted them home in a box with a marking calculated to impress any chance acquaintance.
this is inadequate as it stands, since the habit has been to use the word when the box is present, and we have to explain its extension to cases in which the box is absent.
i only hope, said my aunt, shaking her head, that her husband is one of those poker husbands who abound in the newspapers, and will beat her well with one.
here and there a rock close to the surface is marked by a white wave that faces backwards and seems to be rushing madly up-stream, but is really stationary in the headlong charge.
i noticed that mr. wickfield looked at her steadily.
the particular shade of colour that i am seeing may have many things said about it--i may say that it is brown, that it is rather dark, and so on.
said i, with the best assumption i could put on of its being nothing more to me.
i've learned some things since i saw you last, said jurgis mournfully.
we feel that if his desires had been different, the effects which he in fact produced would not have occurred.
housewives' leagues have interested themselves in this in various centers, and the y.w.c.a.
let us see what mill says on this subject.
he was dressed in a canvas jacket, and a pair of such very stiff trousers that they would have stood quite as well alone, without any legs in them.
hither, on the first morning of my so auspiciously beginning life on my own account, the oldest of the regular boys was summoned to show me my business.
and a word steals into our mind, as we look upon our brothers, and that word is fear.
my coops are built in tiers and long sections.
an unfamiliar object, for example, is likened to a familiar one, directly, as in the simile, or by implication, as in the metaphor.
ona had given antanas to him--the little fellow was the only remembrance of her that he had; he must treasure it and protect it, he must show himself a man.
our feeling of unreality results from our having already realized that we are dealing with an image, and cannot therefore be the definition of what we mean by an image.
they are performed from direct impulse, and the impulse often is strong even in cases in which the normal desirable result cannot follow.
my sister was uncommonly lively on the present occasion, and indeed was generally more gracious in the society of mrs. hubble than in other company.
but during the motion b has passed twice as many c's, and yet cannot have passed more than one each instant.
and in our heartstrange are the ways of evil!in our heart there is the first peace we have known in twenty years.
but none was made; and i became, at ten years old, a little labouring hind in the service of murdstone and grinby.
and now admire the finger of predestination.
it was completely covered with such inscriptions.
very ill at ease with himself, and with stryver and most other men, darnay made the best of his way into the quiet of the temple, opened the letter, and read it.
as for fowling, during the last years that i carried a gun my excuse was that i was studying ornithology, and sought only new or rare birds.
there is nothing, said annie, that we have in common.
the process of gathering, evaluating, and organizing material may best be shown by a concrete example.
but he answers her again: leave it to me; leave it to me.
so much was done and gone, that when i went out at the gate, the light of the day seemed of a darker color than when i went in.
mr. jorkins, notwithstanding his reputation in the firm, was an easy-going, incapable sort of man, whose reputation out of doors was not calculated to back it up.
a relation may have three terms, or four, or any number.
what avails it that you are christian, if you are not purer than the heathen, if you deny yourself no more, if you are not more religious?
when a man came back after that, he would get his place back only by the courtesy of the boss.
no face appeared, however; and being come to the house, and knowing how to open the door, before dark, without knocking, i went in with a quiet, timid step.
i beg your pardon, sir, i was directed to come in.
but when he contends that our world is impossible, then our logic is ready to repel his attack.
ease of naming, however, ceases with distinct markings, and rugs that are out-and-out hybrids, the cross-bred products of wars, migrations, and trade, are not named, but attributed.
her child to be buried in a pauper's grave!
here was the final, immeasurable measure of its success.
if you are acquainted with the principle, what do you care for a myriad instances and applications?
for instance, biddy, in his learning and his manners.
why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises?
but just as it is useful to realize the nature of a word as part of the physical world, so it is useful to realize the sort of thing that a word may mean.
meantime, marija took jurgis upstairs to her room, and they sat and talked.
to which the other replied, then you've got the best boss in chicago--he's a state organizer of our party, and one of our best-known speakers!
in greensboro he was drug clerk; in texas he was amateur ranchman, land-office clerk, editor, and bank teller.
in spite of death, the mark and seal of the parental control, man is yet free, during his brief years, to examine, to criticize, to know, and in imagination to create.
there was nothing but a promise assented to.
i begged mr. micawber to fill us bumpers, and proposed the toast in due form: shaking hands with him across the table, and kissing mrs. micawber, to commemorate that eventful occasion.
here is her formula: cut bits of mint, leaving three or four small leaves on the branch; wash well; dry and lay in rows on a broad, level surface.
the simplest type is the recipe or formula containing a few directions for combining ingredients.
this has been demonstrated abundantly by experience of suits in equity to enforce oral contracts taken out of the statute of frauds by great hardship and part performance.
i believe this is the rarest quality in the world.
to think that so little should go for so much!
the day of the primaries was almost come.
on the ground there were long thin tracks of iron, but it was not iron; it felt smooth and cold as glass.
the writings of lord macaulay will furnish him at need with the necessary facility in lightning characterization.
he strolled about and talked with them, and the biggest of them told tales of their prowess, while those who were weaker, or younger and inexperienced, gathered round and listened in admiring silence.
he had never been suspected of stealing a silver tea-pot; he had been maligned respecting a mustard-pot, but it turned out to be only a plated one.
this infantile outrage was followed by summary justice, and i was locked up by my indignant father in an adjoining room to undergo solitary imprisonment in the dark.
i simply wish to refuse allegiance to the state, to withdraw and stand aloof from it effectually.
we are almost more concerned with the internal speech that is never uttered than we are with the things said out loud to other people.
* * * * * i look back on those days as the happiest period of our life together.
the ground now covering all that could perish of my departed wife, i waited only for what mr. micawber called the final pulverization of heep; and for the departure of the emigrants.
a new boy, young gentlemen, said the doctor; trotwood copperfield.
the nature of the subject demands that the several steps in the process be explained.
i forgit myself when i take such an interest in your breakfast, as to wish your frame, exhausted by the debilitating effects of prodigygality, to be stimilated by the olesome nourishment of your forefathers.
i will give an illustration of the kind of law that can be obtained.
i do not say that john or jonathan will realize all this; but such is the character of that morrow which mere lapse of time can never make to dawn.
if this were not known to us, we could never extend our knowledge beyond the sphere of our private experience; and this sphere, as we have seen, is exceedingly limited.
mr. and miss murdstone had originated it, and my mother had of course agreed with them.
mr. cruncher came to a stop on the pavement before he answered, how should i know?
our second lecture has given a short account of modern logic and of its points of divergence from the various traditional kinds of logic.
he had been told of all those tricks while on the road.
or do you mean that i shall strike you dead?
also they sought to put the duties of public utilities in the form of definite rules with a detailed, authoritatively fixed content.
nature puts no question and answers none which we mortals ask.
in the exercise of his skill, the appearance and the story of the bastille captive removed him from all other men.
there was a longer pause than usual, before the shoemaker replied: i forget what it was you asked me.
besides having paid jonas and marija, they had almost paid for their furniture, and could have that little sum to count on.
i obeyed, all in a tremble, and was conducted into another room.
that he laid his other hand upon the doctors arm, causing him to look up with an abstracted air.
oh, take comfort in thinking that i am so bad.
good night, citizen, said sydney carton, pausing in going by; for, the man eyed him inquisitively.
but, i believe the time has come when it would be mistaken faith and delicacy to conceal it any longer, and when your appeal absolves me from his injunction.
he had been a man of sturdy action all his life, and he knew that in all things wherein he wanted help he must do his own part faithfully, and help himself.
and this kind of association is not confined to men; in animals also it is very strong.
now, the church which gives its name to the lane, stood in a less free situation at that time; there being no open space before it, and the lane winding down to the strand.
if not, captain bailey-- but i do waltz (pretty well, too, as it happens), and i take miss larkins out.
on the cliffs above my pasture are masses of moss, holding, as a pincushion holds a breastpin, little early saxifrage plants.
instinct, as a rule, is very rough and ready, able to achieve its result under ordinary circumstances, but easily misled by anything unusual.
there is something bulky in peggottys pocket.
it was very clumsy, but lasted a great many years before it became water-logged and perhaps sank to the bottom.
it was either his request or her direction, i forget which.
although it required an effort to leave miss mills, i fell rather willingly into my aunts pretence, as a means of enabling me to pass a few tranquil hours with agnes.
the curtains were long and white, and some of the thunder-gusts that whirled into the corner, caught them up to the ceiling, and waved them like spectral wings.
they had no authority beyond that; for the inspection of meat to be sold in the city and state the whole force in packingtown consisted of three henchmen of the local political machine!
she then selected two or three of the little instruments, and a little bottle, and asked (to my surprise) if the table would bear.
the afternoon worker was a trained assistant and, therefore, received fifteen dollars a week.
some of the audience turned to see the commotion, and senator spareshanks faltered in his speech; but a voice shouted cheerily: we're just firing a bum!
thus real contracts, consensual contracts and innominate contracts were added.
we talked--all of us--in jerks and snatches.
on this particular afternoon she wore black and white striped silk, the effect of which was a soft gray to match her hair, and her placid face was lighted with smiles of reminiscence.
i have a presentiment, said mrs. micawber, setting down her tin pot, that it is a member of my family!
looking back, it seems to me that rich, tumultuous college life of ours was wholly pagan.
every month we reached that same conclusion.
the escorted governed his own horse, but a loose line was attached to his bridle, the end of which one of the patriots kept girded round his wrist.
i am empowered to mention that it is the intention of the person to reveal it at first hand by word of mouth to yourself.
help for the bastille prisoner's kindred in la force!
a jib runs forward into the air from the bottom of either leg to meet at the outer extremity and to form a derrick.
let me remember how it used to be, and bring one morning back again.
because i dont know what you will think, or what you may have thought sometimes.
in a moment, the whole company were on their feet.
the same result follows searching to the heart of any hero, high or low, and failure thus to reach the heart causes the pallid uninteresting heaping of details that mean nothing to the reader.
its very strange, said mr. dick, with a despondent look upon his papers, and with his hand among his hair again, that i never can get that quite right.
it is the same whether a man eat, or drink, or cohabit, or sleep sensually.
joe was evidently made uncomfortable by what he supposed to be my loss of appetite, and took a thoughtful bite out of his slice, which he didnt seem to enjoy.
and he said he would if i bought a drink.
my boots might be placed in any collection of instruments of torture.
when once the above general doctrine is rejected, it is obvious that, where there is change, there must be a succession of states.
are there not many individuals in the country who do not attend conventions?
sydney carton drank the punch at a great rate; drank it by bumpers, looking at his friend.
sydney was none the livelier and none the soberer for so much application.
that i do so is no subject for regret or grief.'
pray, have you thought about that emigration proposal of mine?
shivered some one, and the women got up and entered the various doors which lined the hallway.
the water laves the shore as it did a thousand years ago.
at a change in his manner as if he were even going to embrace me, i laid a hand upon his breast and put him away.
heres my dear boy--my dear boy, master davy, who brought us together, barkis!
during the five minutes or so that mr. chillip devoted to the delivery of this oration, my aunt eyed him narrowly.
i sat there, sturdily conning my books, until dinner-time (we were out of school for good at three); and went down, hopeful of becoming a passable sort of boy yet.
condemned to inaction and a state of constant restlessness and suspense, i rowed about in my boat, and waited, waited, waited, as i best could.
by tonight, jokubas answered, they will all be killed and cut up; and over there on the other side of the packing houses are more railroad tracks, where the cars come to take them away.
because we live in and for our children, everything that concerns them comes close to our hearts.
so we were reprimanded tonight, in the dining hall, for without knowing it we had begun to sing aloud some tune we had never heard.
what is my joy if all hands, even the unclean, can reach into it?
some couples do not care to dance, and have retired to the corners, where they sit with their arms enlaced.
when i had done, he shaded his face, and continued silent.
as to the washerwoman pawning the clothes, and coming in a state of penitent intoxication to apologize, i suppose that might have happened several times to anybody.
we have also to consider the psychological effects of sensations, as opposed to their physical causes and correlates.
there came pneumonia and grippe, stalking among them, seeking for weakened constitutions; there was the annual harvest of those whom tuberculosis had been dragging down.
an' i gotter go home every evenin' an' miss all the fun, by harry!
since each library is arranged on a somewhat individual scheme, and different collections have different materials, you will need to examine the individual library.
i do not myself see any way of deciding this question; either view seems equally capable of accounting for the facts.
it was neither a very true nor a very polite thing to say, she remarked, directing her eyes to the ships again.
my precious wife, said i, we must be serious sometimes.
but i think their withdrawing is in your favour.
at any rate no reason can be given for supposing that the two orders are not the same.
some knowledge, such as knowledge of the existence of our sense-data, appears quite indubitable, however calmly and thoroughly we reflect upon it.
mrs. crewler couldnt see me before we left--couldnt forgive me, then, for depriving her of her child--but she is a good creature, and has done so since.
she was a very handsome young woman, and i believe had some gypsy blood in her.
they gave the signal to the two strong hooded ones.
the greater the accumulation of deceit and trouble in the world, the brighter and the purer shone the star of dora high above the world.
and yet, that other thing would be there too ... that thing that made them look at our star as a symbol of grace and beauty.
i was so haunted at last by the idea, though i knew there was nothing in it, that i stole into the next room to look at him.
this depends upon whether the constant relation affirmed by the causal law is one which only one term can have to the data, or one which many terms may have.
so far, therefore, as our definite knowledge goes, memory may require for its causation a past occurrence as well as a certain present state of the brain.
at these words, the face of him who supported me looked over into mine, and i saw my supporter to be herbert!
but are we to say that nothing is knowledge except what is validly deduced from true premisses?
as he sat down opposite to me at a table, with his back to the door by which we had entered, he put out his rough hand again, and grasped mine warmly.
i knew from her own lips that she regarded herself as the innocent cause of his errors, and as owing him a great debt she ardently desired to pay.
i did not plaster till it was freezing weather.
before we departed from that spot, four soldiers standing in a ring, fired twice into the air.
cried my aunt, still shaking her head and gesticulating anything but welcome from the bow-window.
there may be many more, for all that he can say, but he knows of one.
my ideal of a newspaper is that every department should be edited so that everyone would read all the paper.
you are a little late, memory, said stryver.
i fear he is not to be reclaimed; there is scarcely a hope that anything in his character or fortunes is reparable now.
i followed him into his room, and he began putting on his gown, and touching himself up before a little glass he had, hanging inside a closet door.
on the floor below four or five other girls sat upon trunks in the hall, making fun of the procession which filed by them.
there were four such flats in each building, and each of the four was a boardinghouse for the occupancy of foreigners--lithuanians, poles, slovaks, or bohemians.
she has been trying to get other work, the boy went on; but she's so weak she can't keep up.
tommy hinds had set out upon the trail of the octopus as soon as the war was over.
i remove the gall bladder from the liver, open and clean the gizzard, and replace it and the liver in the chicken.
i summoned all the resolutions i had made, in all those many days and nights, and all those many conflicts of my heart.
in order to reach points by such a method, it would be necessary to come to the end of an unending process, which is impossible.
mr. pumblechooks premises in the high street of the market town, were of a peppercorny and farinaceous character, as the premises of a cornchandler and seedsman should be.
but, beyond this, gentlemen, the dear ladys name never must be coupled with a word, a breath, of doubt.
mrs. knefler made seventy-six speeches in that one month before the primaries.
from whom newly arrived, did he come out, agitated and surprised, to take his favourite in his arms?
the object of all this staring and blaring, was a young man of about five-and-twenty, well-grown and well-looking, with a sunburnt cheek and a dark eye.
if you were to go before, said miss pross, and stop the vehicle and horses from coming here, and were to wait somewhere for me; wouldn't that be best?
but for this there is no need; no reason exists why you should not make this kind of writing attractive.
master copperfield, if i might ask you-- i understood mrs. micawber now, and begged her to make use of me to any extent.
in some of poe's tales the effect is of horror.
of the man who lies upon a bed of rags, wrestling in his last sickness and leaving his loved ones to perish!
this was only for a moment; for agnes softly said to him, papa!
my good opinion cannot strengthen his attachment to some people whom he knows, said agnes, with a smile; it is not worth their having.
all bottles are blown in molds; it is in the handling of the molten glass and the actual blowing that machinery has come to take the place of men in the glass industry.
many pieces of news, however, are worth running down carefully, for the day's events are rich in possibilities.
it was like some horrible crime committed in a dungeon, all unseen and unheeded, buried out of sight and of memory.
it is by this, and this only, that the reader will easily receive a clear understanding of the subject.
he will never prosper in his inheritance otherwise.
i could go to soho in the evening, and come to your chambers afterwards.
after looking at her, as if the sound of even a single french word were slow to express itself to him, he answered, in his former strong foreign accent.
i remember when wages were sixty cents a day for laborers on this very road.
there were no complaints about the society column being dull after this; everyone read it and laughed at it, and it was quoted in many exchanges.
if mrs. tupper had trod in the well-worn neighborhood ruts, she would have marketed her produce by the country-store-commission-man-retailer-consumer route; but again she did not.
i have passed an hour or two in the evening, sometimes, with mr. tidd.
i don't believe there's another place in the world where he who rides makes obeisance to him who walks.
but when he entered, and stood before me with his hand out, the darkness that had fallen on him changed to light, and i felt confounded and ashamed of having doubted one i loved so heartily.
we drove away, out of town, to the churchyard at hornsey.
in plato the idea of maintaining the social order through the law is fully developed.
her pride could still its very pulses, it appeared, and draw the placid veil before her face, through which she sat looking straight before her on the far distance.
i think that he must be the man of the most faith of any alive.
when finally the doctor left, he told him that he would have to lie quiet for two months, and that if he went to work before that time he might lame himself for life.
nevertheless, despite what he was pleased to call his inspiration, he won his assistant professorship at an earlier age than the average, and we were married on fifteen hundred a year.
you claim to have one plain motive in all you do yourself.
i did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there i could best see the moonlight amid the mountains.
for she rose up in the chair, in her shroud of a dress, and struck at the air as if she would as soon have struck herself against the wall and fallen dead.
he gave him his hand, and carton gently pressed it.
as to mrs. gummidge, he roused that victim of despondency with a success never attained by anyone else (so mr. peggotty informed me), since the decease of the old one.
this business transacted, i turned my face, on my own account, to little britain.
when he had gotten a safe distance away he sat down and devoured half the cabbage raw, stowing the balance away in his pockets till the next day.
they spoke low, as people watching and waiting mostly do; as people in a dark room, watching and waiting for lightning, always do.
out of all possible economies, they were the only things that we could think of.
aristotle had spoken, and it was the part of humbler men merely to repeat the lesson after him.
it may even act as a center whence such derivatives radiate in considerable numbers, precisely as if it were the primary sense of the word.
we should then have known what we had to expect.
the belief that a motive is normally conscious makes it easier to be mistaken as to our own motives than as to other people's.
indeed we all did, all at once; and i dare say there was never a greater success.
systematic writers have found no difficulty in reconciling the law of negligence with the will theory of liability and the doctrine of no liability without fault.
there was a raging blast beating in his face, and the thermometer stood below zero; the snow was never short of his knees, and in some of the drifts it was nearly up to his armpits.
he is not inclined to accept work a second time from a writer who has once proved unreliable.
he would have maneuvered to bring off a deal.
they had been there ever since i could remember, and had grown more than i had.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
exclaimed the wretched emily, in a tone that might have touched the hardest heart, i should have thought; but there was no relenting in rosa dartles smile.
so it was true, and those times had been, and all the wonders of those times.
madame defarge took him to the door, and put her arm on his, in pointing out the road.
it was late afternoon then, and he was hungry, but the dinner invitations hung out of the saloons were not for him.
although it purports to be wholly different, the positive theory of the basis of property is essentially the same as the metaphysical.
at the same instant, however, there came a knock upon it, and the girl went to open it.
why should they be permitted to make it falsely appear that recognition of the english basis of america involves approval of everything that england in her history may or may not have done?
some outside vocation is necessary if the teacher is to enjoy the advantages her training makes almost imperative, or the comforts her tired, nervous organism demands.
is it a good sign, that he wishes to see royalty and nobility?
when i think of the kaiser i think of a bright may morning at potsdam.
there were three elderly gentlemen in black upon the platform, and a young lady who played the piano in front.
i have a pretty large experience of boys, and youre a bad set of fellows.
she lifted up her eyes, and solemnly declared that she would devote herself to this task, fervently and faithfully.
but there were some differences between emlys orphanhood and mine, it appeared.
believers in psycho-physical parallelism hold that psychology can theoretically be freed entirely from all dependence on physiology or physics.
if i have unjustly wrested a plank from a drowning man, i must restore it to him though i drown myself.
it was a profounder remark than mr. lorry had looked for.
we want to know something about that manand about you.
they pretend that sophy has a lock of it in her desk, and is obliged to shut it in a clasped book, to keep it down.
this was cruel, but they meant no harm by it, and he took it with a good-natured grin.
to our guests it could mean only one thing--namely, that my husband could not afford a secretary.
i shall learn many secrets from my books.
when actors begin to think, it is time for a change.
even though well-edited newspapers insist on the highest possible degree of accuracy in presenting news, the exigencies of newspaper publishing often make it impossible to verify facts or to attain absolute accuracy.
switches linked it up with other lengths of track, a straight stretch down to a muddy cape of the medway estuary, and a string of curves and loops coiling among the stone and iron factory sheds.
we are all willing to admit that other people are thoughtless.
a lettered german, speaking to me once of his year of military service, told me that, had it lasted but a month or two longer, he must have sought release in suicide.
i could not go away without telling you how much--how glad i am i heard you.
at last we made no more pretence of attending to the meal, which, except with mr. dick, had been a mere form from the first; but my aunt walked up and down the room.
such was the new home in which jurgis lived and worked, and in which his education was completed.
no doubt this situation was due as much to the temper of the american business man as to his economic environment.
on warning you, said agnes, with a steady glance, against your bad angel.
it looks like solidified azure, as, far off, it is drawn through the streets.
they come rustling through the woods like autumn leaves, at least ten men to one loon.
the idea of the story hour was broached several years ago and at first it was taken up as an experiment.
my neighbors tell me of their adventures with famous gentlemen and ladies, what notabilities they met at the dinner-table; but i am no more interested in such things than in the contents of the daily times.
and there was no settlement of the little property--the house and garden--the whats-its-name rookery without any rooks in it--upon her boy?
after all, the man whose horse trots a mile in a minute does not carry the most important messages; he is not an evangelist, nor does he come round eating locusts and wild honey.
i could not discover whether my aunt, in her last short conversation with me, had fallen on a pious fraud, or had really mistaken the state of my mind.
they were wholly deaf to my arguments, or failed to perceive their force, and fell into a strain of invective that was irresistible.
what is clear to him is the need of strenuous activity in pressing on toward the solution of this problem.
the bridge-boy makes unofficial use of our megaphone.
i have taken the liberty of making myself known to her.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark.
impulse is at the basis of our activity, much more than desire.
his common sense and his gift of humor save him from these exalted and antiquated assumptions.
he began to have suspicions of the prisoner, and to keep an eye upon him, soon afterwards.
there is an art also in the sharpening of the scythe, and it is worth describing carefully.
since great size is impressive, a statement of the magnitude of something is usually striking.
we were going up to the house, among some dark heavy trees, when he called after my conductor.
i have long found that there is nothing.
i am not a sacrifice on their altars.
he had learned the ways of things about him now.
the trees had protected it from time and weather, and from men who have less pity than time and weather.
why should a man scrape himself to that extent, before he could consider himself full dressed?
when we had shaken hands and he was gone, i opened the staircase window and had nearly beheaded myself, for, the lines had rotted away, and it came down like the guillotine.
did i see her tonight, ham, on the sand, after we met you?
the clock ticks over the fireplace, the weather-glass hangs in the hall.
but punch, my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber, tasting it, like time and tide, waits for no man.
can we constitute memory out of images together with suitable beliefs?
all this is typical of our second pleasure, the exhilaration of incautious and unpremeditated moves.
i am much obliged to you, sir, returned mr. littimer.
said mr. cruncher to his wife, on entering.
peggotty was strongly interested, but i could not get her into my view of the case at all.
by constantly gathering material from newspapers, magazines, and printed reports, he will soon find that he has collected a considerable amount of information on which to base his articles.
o the many, many nights and days through which the unquiet spirit within me haunted that house when estella lived there!
there is, however, another way of approaching the meaning of images, namely through their causal efficacy.
for, they are headlong, mad, and dangerous; and in the years so long after the breaking of the cask at defarge's wine-shop door, they are not easily purified when once stained red.
it must be a mixed motive, i think, said mr. wickfield, shaking his head and smiling incredulously.
we are too umble, sir, said mrs. heep, my son and me, to be the friends of master copperfield.
i hope, said i, hurriedly putting something into a glass for myself, and drawing a chair to the table, that you will not think i spoke harshly to you just now.
you have never told me when you have got your hair cut, but i have had senses to perceive it.
the merit of this birds strain is in its freedom from all plaintiveness.
sometimes they are views in no way remarkable--the corner of a road, a heap of stones, an old gate.
i fell into a brown study as i walked on, and a voice at my side made me start.
so the crowd subsided; and a few moments later several policemen came up, staring here and there, and leering at their victims.
first, in advance of meeting the person to be interviewed, he should plan the series of questions by which he hopes to elicit the desired information.
the typifying is of great value in establishing the central point of view of the subject, but it cannot be left to stand alone in a real portrait.
it had many disadvantages, however, as we shall see.
the sergeant ran in first, when we had run the noise quite down, and two of his men ran in close upon him.
i sat at a table where were rich food and wine in abundance, and obsequious attendance, but sincerity and truth were not; and i went away hungry from the inhospitable board.
it is to my mind best described by comparison with a sledge.
very well, mr. copperfield, said mr. spenlow, i must try my influence with my daughter.
but he set up no monopoly of the general attention, or the conversation.
after this fashion the young gentleman continued to prattle on--and meantime jurgis was trembling with excitement.
it is jurgis come back--don't you hear me?
words were wasted breath; the time to strike or to lock out your employees was when you were ready and your opponent was not.
for he was still reading it with knitted brows.
she was young and beautiful; she wore fine clothes, and was what is called a lady.
some do not dance anything at all, but simply hold each other's hands and allow the undisciplined joy of motion to express itself with their feet.
college culture, i soon discovered, does not care about what is happening to the world, but what used to happen to it.
yes, sir, he replied, patiently shaking his head, im away tomorrow.
when i told him no, he said she must have gone down then, and yet she took up too, when she left there.
said he--bag with a good deal of room in it--is gruffish, and comes down upon you, sharp?
cockspur street, as you know, is a turning off trafalgar square, and i chose it because the crowd was less dense there than in the square itself.
having settled to do this, we returned into the house and went to bed.
the old man uttered an irrepressible cry.
the poor mother was not the same for months after that; the mere sight of the floor where little kristoforas had crawled about would make her weep.
steerforth dusted me under a lamp-post, and put my hat into shape, which somebody produced from somewhere in a most extraordinary manner, for i hadnt had it on before.
i was sometimes tempted to stretch an awning over them and take my seat there.
who can gossip of an evening, under that shadow!
he had chanced to have his name marked on his shirt, otherwise he would not have been identified yet.
i embrace this opportunity of remarking that he washed his clients off, as if he were a surgeon or a dentist.
a faint, searching woods perfume of dampness greets your nostrils.
see you then, jacques, said madame defarge, wrathfully; and see you, too, my little vengeance; see you both!
in a little while, it will weigh lighter than any feather.
at first, neither of us could speak a word.
they may escape by showing affirmatively that they were without fault and that what happened could not have been prevented by diligence on their part.
they looked upon us, and their voice was low, but there was bitterness and triumph in their voice.
it is only subsequent reflection upon this reference to the past that makes us realize the distinction between the image and the event recollected.
i am going, she said again, in a gentler voice, to be married to him.
the civilized man is a more experienced and wiser savage.
in the student sensuality is a sluggish habit of mind.
we have to consider what binds together two simultaneous sensations in one person, or, more generally, any two occurrences which forte part of one experience.
its a load off my mind, trotwood, to have such a partner.
as with our colleges, so with a hundred modern improvements; there is an illusion about them; there is not always a positive advance.
stephen a. douglas holding lincoln's hat beside the platform while the gettysburg address was being delivered showed not only the mellowness of his own nature but the commanding power of friendship that lincoln possessed.
i think that he should keep a caravansary on the worlds highway, where philosophers of all nations might put up, and on his sign should be printed, entertainment for man, but not for his beast.
they joked freely with one another, but seldom with him.
this reply seemed agreeable to mr. jaggers, who said, i thought so!
he could not deny this, and indeed was very reasonable throughout.
said he, sluicing his face, and speaking through the water-drops; its nothing, pip.
jurgis and the rest of the staff of hinds's hotel could hardly stop to finish their dinner, before they hurried off to the big hall which the party had hired for that evening.
i did not want--to do it, she said; i tried--i tried not to do it.
as this is of all cases the most important in practice, none can be fitter to test the general maxim.
mother, he said, with an impatient bite at the handkerchief in which his hand was wrapped, you had better take and fire a loaded gun at me.
that, my dear mr. copperfield, appears to me to be his true position.
while it is still at the boiling point plunge in the bits of mint singly with great care.
i wonder, will mankind continue to be capricious?
nothing connected with charles was concealed from me.
the job lady always tries to place the boys and girls that come to her office where there will be some chance for them to learn something.
tom o'connor, farmer-politician, and rev.
mr. joseph husband finds the romance of these.
hence the study of animal behaviour has been gradually led to abandon all attempt at mental interpretation.
he seemed wilfully to mistake the word she had repeated, when he added, in a hurry, yes, customers; in the banking business we usually call our connection our customers.
then duane took the watch and trinkets downstairs, and came back with sixteen dollars.
startop, younger in years and appearance, was reading and holding his head, as if he thought himself in danger of exploding it with too strong a charge of knowledge.
i could not say yes, i could not say no.
i saw by his tilting of the bottle that there was no great quantity left in it.
but i know 't is handsome of our pities so to sing the praises of the dreaming, dark, dumb thing that turns the handle of this idle show.
a drab of state, a cloth-o-silver slut, to have her train borne up, and her soul trail in the dirt.
but i should like to have tried it unflipped.
did he say anything about america, miss manette?
you had been where you were last night--somewheres downtown, for i saw you get off the car.
in the minds of almost all religious persons, even in the most tolerant countries, the duty of toleration is admitted with tacit reserves.
this necessitates definition and analysis.
he had only been there four months, and he was young, and a giant besides.
an old man now, but in a ruddy, hearty, strong old age.
i must have shown as much, now, in my face; for her eyes were in a moment cast down, and i saw tears in them.
they will emigrate together, aunt, said i.
in states where the value of the bargain may be recovered at law, it may well be sometimes that the bargain might as well be enforced in equity, if it is not to be cancelled.
one of the merits of the general analysis of mind which we shall be concerned with in the following lectures is that it removes the atmosphere of mystery from the phenomena brought to light by the psycho-analysts.
there are inventions in his tales the very utterance of which--not the mere substance but the utterance--on the part of a man not writing from bedlam or for bedlam impresses the reader as incredible.
he is better able to judge of it than i am; for i very well know that i am a weak, light, girlish creature, and that he is a firm, grave, serious man.
an analysis of the nebular hypothesis deals with facts of so august a nature, on so nearly an unimaginable plane, that intimacy seems out of place, impudent, like levity in cathedrals.
they were my only comfort; and i was as true to them as they were to me, and read them over and over i dont know how many times more.
he could not sleep again; there was the same maddening procession of thoughts that lashed him like whips upon his naked back.
if i have ever had a burden on my heart, it has been lightened for me.
i suppose it will go in, one of these days.
then we rose, we took our box and walked on into the forest.
it looked as if nature no longer contained the breed of nobler bloods, but stood on her last toes.
so at dinner; when mrs. gummidge was always helped immediately after me, to whom the preference was given as a visitor of distinction.
at the front of the furnace, instead of doors or mouths, is a revolving pan, kept level full with the molten glass.
in the law of liability, both for injuries and for undertakings, philosophical theories have had much influence in shaping the actual law.
if i could haf known it vas like dis, i vould never haf come for such money as you gif me.
his readers, having learned the results and the purpose of the school, would naturally want to know by what methods these girls had been transformed in so short a time.
the packers, of course, had spies in all the unions, and in addition they made a practice of buying up a certain number of the union officials, as many as they thought they needed.
i asked her to give me some information relative to her adopted daughter, and she gave me all she possessed.
my thoughts got into a tangle, sank, and swam, and sank again.
i hope she is, my dear man, cried the distracted miss pross, and i hope she finds it answering her expectations.
i floated along under the spell of enchantment, as if i had been transported to an heroic age, and breathed an atmosphere of chivalry.
will anybody be so good as find a ribbon; a cherry-coloured ribbon?
the cold, inconsiderate of persons, tingles your blood, benumbs your feet, freezes a man like an apple.
it is not often, said the second of the three, addressing monsieur defarge, that many of these miserable beasts know the taste of wine, or of anything but black bread and death.
the honest tradesman to the eyes of mr. jeremiah cruncher, sitting on his stool in fleet-street with his grisly urchin beside him, a vast number and variety of objects in movement were every day presented.
however, with children came trouble, for which--bless their little hearts!--they are not responsible.
when his host followed him out on the staircase with a candle, to light him down the stairs, the day was coldly looking in through its grimy windows.
it is just the same, said agnes, smiling.
and so finally jurgis ripped out his bankbook--which was sewed up in his trousers--and signed an order, which bush harper wrote, for all the money to be paid out.
i am neither foe nor friend to my brothers, but such as each of them shall deserve of me.
ah, but you mean here, at your own home?
yes, yes, my friend, cried mr. jaggers, waving his forefinger to stop me as i made a show of protesting: its likely enough that you think you wouldnt, but you would.
this is to miss murdstone, who makes no reply.
but often all the job lady's efforts fail.
i am going to breakfast with one of these fellows who is at the piazza hotel, in covent garden.
it is not much to the purpose whether a gate in that garden wall which i had scrambled up to peep over on the last occasion was, on that last occasion, open or shut.
thus the mere organization of probable opinion will never, by itself, transform it into indubitable knowledge.
gawaine was sufficiently paralyzed as it was, but laughter had no part in his helplessness.
very well, said i, much relieved, then i shall look you up at walworth, you may depend upon it.
it was martha, to whom emily had given the money that night in the kitchen.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
mr. chillip is in the room, and comes to speak to me.
do you not see me here, in france, of my own will?
we havent fared nohows, but fared to thrive.
i continued to walk extremely fast, and to have a general idea that i was getting on.
such control expressed their natural purpose.
i am glad to have drunk water so long, for the same reason that i prefer the natural sky to an opium-eaters heaven.
you see, my dear, added miss sarah pocket (a blandly vicious personage), the question to put to yourself is, who did you expect to thank you, my love?
lying still, after that, i found that she sat down near me, whispering to herself poor boy!
as i was saying, pip, it were my intentions to have had it cut over him; but poetry costs money, cut it how you will, small or large, and it were not done.
he paced up and down for a long time before he lay down; but, when he did finally lay himself down, he fell asleep.
i stammered worse than before, in replying that i meant no compliment, but the plain truth; though i was not aware of any change having taken place in the weather.
these sums, united, make a total, if my calculation is correct, amounting to forty-one, ten, eleven and a half.
surely you would, too, if you were in my place?
the theater (under puritan and cavalier).
he said in his usual manner, and as if he were answering something i had just said.
also, as i have said, the bubbles themselves within the ice operate as burning-glasses to melt the ice beneath.
in other cases the mnemic effects are not all those of one object, but only those shared by objects of a certain kind, e.g.
it aint a long walk, and its an early one.
but it looked at me over the head of red whisker, and i was adamant.
i told him i hoped he would not think it wrong, but i couldnt possibly take them from miss murdstone.
if you'll excuse me, as very much your elder, for saying so, i really don't know that it is your business.
uriah heep is a great relief to me, said mr. wickfield, in the same dull voice.
when little antanas was born he had been at work, and had known nothing about it until it was over; and now he was not to be controlled.
the worry of it fairly ate him up--he began to look haggard the first two or three days of it.
he has a very pretty little niece too, whom he adopted as a daughter.
cried agnes, putting her hands before her face, as her tears started on it, i almost feel as if i had been papas enemy, instead of his loving child.
hulks are prison-ships, right cross th meshes.
one form of this variant was due to our doctrine that the common law of england was in force only so far as applicable to our conditions and our institutions.
in assuming dogmatically a certain answer to this question, evolutionism ceases to be scientific, yet it is only in touching on this question that evolutionism reaches the subject-matter of philosophy.
and then at night, when this throng poured out into the streets to play--fighting, gambling, drinking and carousing, cursing and screaming, laughing and singing, playing banjoes and dancing!
i said i should be delighted to see her.
or you say, 'maybe it will come, but not in my time--it will not help me.'
what i chiefly hope, my dear mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, is, that in some branches of our family we may live again in the old country.
it may be inseparable from the discrepancy in their years.
to this end, he analyzed the gas, and when he determined that the fermentation was due to the presence of colon bacilli in the water, he sent out his warning.
it was in this place, and at this moment, that a strange thing happened to my fancy.
pointing with his pen at the office floor, to express that australia was understood, for the purposes of the figure, to be symmetrically on the opposite spot of the globe.
pride, contempt, defiance, stubbornness, submission, lamentation, succeeded one another; so did varieties of sunken cheek, cadaverous colour, emaciated hands and figures.
certainly not, says peggotty, with the promptest decision.
again he took both my hands and put them to his lips, while my blood ran cold within me.
i had bought a spotted wooden horse over-night as a parting gift to little wilkins micawber--that was the boy--and a doll for little emma.
in this treatment of analysis you will find the main divisions made on the basis of formality and the matter of single or plural subject treated under each of the other headings.
it would seem that there are two kinds of self-evident truths of perception, though perhaps in the last analysis the two kinds may coalesce.
what is the secret our heart has understood and yet will not reveal to us, although it seems to beat as if it were endeavoring to tell it?
she might think it was contrived, in case of the worse, to convey to him the means of anticipating the sentence.
at any rate they deserve it, for the work will be dangerous.
sow the same seed of rapacious license and oppression over again, and it will surely yield the same fruit according to its kind.
before, and after them, i walked about--supervised, as i have mentioned, by the man with the wooden leg.
* the theory of quanta suggests that the continuity is only apparent.
i can remember nothing that i know, without remembering him.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
the lighted candle stood in the dark passage within, as of old, and i took it up and ascended the staircase alone.
he only answered, im a going, sir, to seek my niece.
still matters were patched up here, and made good there, over and over again; and altogether lasted, i am sure, for a longer time than anybody could have expected.
besides, there had been no altercation; the assailant had come in so silently and suddenly, that she had been felled before she could look round.
what might have been your opinion of the place?
and then put the handkerchief to its right use with wonderful effect.
on the three following days he remained perfectly well, and on the fourteenth day he went away to join lucie and her husband.
she begged him to choose it for himself, but he refused to do that--i could not understand why--so she plucked it for him, and gave it into his hand.
in eternity there is indeed something true and sublime.
perhaps i might have been better friends with your poor father.
they seem as solitary, and the letter in which they are printed as rare and curious, as ever.
no, said i, answering almost mechanically, in spite of my utmost efforts; not to-morrow.
he had bought dry batteries, wire and buttons at a hardware store in a box containing full directions.
meantime the galley, which was very skilfully handled, had crossed us, let us come up with her, and fallen alongside.
whatever tools they worked with, they worked hard, until the awful striking of the church clock so terrified young jerry, that he made off, with his hair as stiff as his father's.
it seems to me that the leading feature of the sunday magazine should be the biggest topic that will be before the public on the sunday that the newspaper is printed.
i heerd as it were a person what sent the person what giv you the bank-notes at the jolly bargemen, pip.
in other words, it was necessary to study all contributing factors, watch the orchards unremittingly and then decide on the exact day or even hour when conditions were right for a successful spray treatment.
men and women danced together, women danced together, men danced together, as hazard had brought them together.
i remark this, because i remark everything that happens, not because i care about myself, or have done since i came home.
presently, he proceeded as before: it only remains for me, to bear the knowledge of the unhappiness i have occasioned, as submissively as i can.
some brothers are not loved over much; and some love--but help yourself, copperfield!
she vill die, of course, said the other angrily.
it would be very difficult to prove that this is the case, but for our present purposes we may let this point pass, and assume that there is only one way.
it is not a fortunate discovery, and is not likely ever to enrich me in reputation, station, fortune, anything.
but it is not on the impassioned partisan, it is on the calmer and more disinterested bystander, that this collision of opinions works its salutary effect.
since unscalable crags lie ahead, we shall have to go round to the rear of the hill.
as he was swept down the aisle he looked from one person to another, wistfully; they were all excitedly discussing the address--but there was nobody who offered to discuss it with him.
the oftener you go there the more it will please you, if it is good.
he had naturally repressed much, and some revulsion might have been expected in him when the occasion for repression was gone.
but there is also another ground for his opinion, which is more relevant to our present topic.
he who sees them instantly forgets humanity.
all knowledge, we find, must be built up upon our instinctive beliefs, and if these are rejected, nothing is left.
when in this condition they make no defense and will not sting unless taken hold of.
and all the worse for the doomed man, that the denouncer was a well-known citizen, his own attached friend, the father of his wife.
i left a note for you at each of the temple gates, on the chance.
if you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be.
such involuntary responses we know as 'reflex' acts.
but it is unnecessary to prolong the catalogue of the uses of language in thought.
the savage must move stealthily, avoid the sky-line and go armed.
we come now to our third question concerning introspection.
in short, both these shams--the book and the medicine--win and bamboozle their public through methods almost identical.
by no means, said i. i like it--in somebody elses pipe.
we do not give effect to promises on the basis of the will of the promisor, although our courts of equity have shown some tendency to move in that direction.
it makes an emphatic beginning and a strong conclusion for a paragraph.
in a related quality--a defect--his leadership is even more conspicuous.
whoever came about me, still settled down into joe.
and now the sun had stretched out all the hills, and now was dropped into the western bay; at last he rose, and twitched his mantle blue; to-morrow to fresh woods and pastures new.
my legs are pretty long, but youve given em quite a job.
the days passed pretty much as they had passed before, except--it was a great exception--that little emly and i seldom wandered on the beach now.
since, for example, chicago papers are not read in new york, or minneapolis papers in st. louis, these papers may well publish the same articles on the same day.
as well as i could make out, she had come for good, and had no intention of ever going again.
as the prison breakfast had not been liberal, jurgis had a good appetite, and they had a little feast together, talking meanwhile of elzbieta and the children and old times.
with the bag slung over her arm, and rattling as she waddled away, she waddled to the door, where she stopped to inquire if she should leave us a lock of her hair.
ill tell you, mum, said mr. pumblechook.
they looked at one another, and their hearts died within them.
mutual confidence, so long preserved between us once, is restored, to know no further interruption.
said my aunt, putting her head in at the door.
c. for a young man who possesses a glib tongue which he wishes to turn to good financial use.
i couldnt talk to him, said mr. peggotty, nor he to me; but we was company for one another, too, along the dusty roads.
she could study them with comparative leisure in the night court.
they will certainly be over two hundred dollars and maybe three hundred; and three hundred dollars is more than the year's income of many a person in this room.
it was a most wonderful experience to him--an almost supernatural experience.
i will speak for myself, before him, and before god afterwards.
she slowly, very slowly, broke into a laugh, and pointed at emily with her hand, as if she were a sight of shame for gods and men.
they must ha thought better ont for some reason or another, said the jack, and gone down.
there is no room to spare in the house; for more of the girls are here, and always are here, by some accident or other, than i know how to count.
because he has kept his mind open to criticism of his opinions and conduct.
war shot its sales force to pieces--the army and the navy reached out for men and tied up production facilities; so there was nothing to sell.
thus the problems connected with knowledge of truths are more difficult than those connected with knowledge of things.
on the contrary, i saw him next moment, once more holding out both his hands to me.
keeping informed of world affairs while doing one's college work faithfully.
besides that, his loss of himself grew out of it.
i placed implicit faith in this last statement, when i marked the look with which it was accompanied.
all thinking is vague to some extent, and complete accuracy is a theoretical ideal not practically attainable.
in undertaking to explain the advantages of a coperative community store, a writer was confronted with the problem of handling a considerable number of figures.
the difficulties experienced by the amateur bee-keeper in trying to handle bees in a small garden could be treated humorously with no other purpose than to amuse.
he was a burly man of an exceedingly dark complexion, with an exceedingly large head, and a corresponding large hand.
the {overpowering} atmosphere of a steel mill.
it wasn't my fault--i couldn't help it--it will be all right--it is nothing--it is no harm.
it was a battle that had no end, that never could have one.
the fact that our minds are so constituted as to believe that two and two are four, though it is true, is emphatically not what we assert when we assert that two and two are four.
i wondered then, whether she would have gone if agnes had not been in town, and whether agnes had some good influence over her too!
me, and uncle, and ham, and mrs. gummidge.
mix and melt, cast in molds, and roll to shape while hot.
you may do this by fattening and dressing chickens for city folks, and by supplying regularly fresh country sausage, hams, lard and eggs.
there was a twinge of pain, but jurgis was used to pain, and did not coddle himself.
so long as each of them could bring home nine or ten dollars a week, they were able to get along finely.
that is to say, our joint plans for him.
to all such numbers, proofs by mathematical induction can be validly applied.
how much material is common to all the outlines on the same subject?
alena jasaityte, who had looked so beautiful, and danced with such a queenly air, with juozas raczius, the teamster!
and when he followed the instincts which god had transmitted to him from his ancestry of beasts of prey, he called it sin, and asked god to forgive him.
well go and fly it, you and i, said mr. dick.
this, my body and spirit, this is the end of the quest.
i was curious to find out next morning, whether she had been.
you say 'for farm work,' said mr. maynard.
the actual sense-data are neither true nor false.
you are not--the apprehension came suddenly into his mind--a prisoner?
strange clues to character appear around the friendly chess-board.
although not all persons who desire to do special feature work will be able to prepare themselves in this way, most of them can obtain some part of this preliminary training.
the war has got to end one of these days.
there could not be a question in my mind of anything else.
illustrations constitute a particularly valuable adjunct to special articles.
jurgis rode in the patrol wagon back to justice callahan's court for trial.
do you know, or do you not know, that the law of england supposes every man to be innocent, until he is provedprovedto be guilty?
good sand is dug there--new jersey was part of the bed of the atlantic before it literally rose to its present state status--and naturally the factories cluster about the source of supply of material.
but it is the obstinate custom of such creatures hardly ever to say what is set down for them.
thus the pond recovered the greater part.
there was no chance for a woman at the steelworks, and marija was now ready for work again, and lured on from day to day by the hope of finding it at the yards.
there were many nonunion men among the lithuanians, and with these he would labor and wrestle in prayer, trying to show them the right.
he drank again, and became more ferocious.
remember that interest depends on relation to human beings; the closer the relation, the greater the interest.
said wemmick, touching me on the breast with his forefinger; youre a deep one, mr. pip!
the human race, apt as a child to destroy what it admires, has done its best to surround the falls with every distraction, incongruity, and vulgarity.
and i shall be twenty times happier, sir, said i, with a little--i hope innocent--flattery, if my employment is to be on the dictionary.
burden, jr., and mrs. william k. vanderbilt, jr.
if it should be so, i repeated, agnes will tell me at her own good time.
according to that, the one great offence of man is self-will.
it is lord morley's contribution to the common stock.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
it is not sufficient that you tell your reader that robert franz labored at his profession of music.
they fell into deeper shame and degradationif there can be deeperand ruin.
ona was not yet buried; but the police had been notified, and on the morrow they would put the body in a pine coffin and take it to the potter's field.
these were agreeably dispersed among small specimens of china and glass, various neat trifles made by the proprietor of the museum, and some tobacco-stoppers carved by the aged.
i stopped because i thought you were not following what i said.
he always seemed restive when the head of the school began to talk ethics and the ideals of the institution.
when the wine was gone, and the places where it had been most abundant were raked into a gridiron-pattern by fingers, these demonstrations ceased, as suddenly as they had broken out.
i name, first of all, o. henry's feeling for new york.
i walked the last mile, thinking as i went along of what i had to do; and left the carriage that had followed me all through the night, awaiting orders to advance.
mrs. c. came to the door and asked me to view it from the inside.
we may regard knowledge, from a behaviourist standpoint, as exhibited in a certain kind of response to the environment.
this was only when we were in the act of entering his room, and when i caught a glance at him over my aunts shoulder.
often images of various kinds accompany them, but they are apt to be irrelevant, and to form no part of what is actually believed.
when you first do this you will, perhaps, cut your hand; but it is only at first that such an accident will happen to you.
you were alone when the spiked helmets marched in.
i did; but the captain was a captain and a hero, in despite of all the grammars of all the languages in the world, dead or alive.
the servant who spoke, had thrown the blinds wide, had looked out into the vacant darkness, and stood with that blank behind him, looking round for instructions.
nothing could be more satisfactory, said traddles; and they are very agreeable old ladies, i am sure.
at the time we found each other he was twenty-seven years of age and had just begun his career--an instructor in the economics department, with a thousand-dollar salary.
so also the doctrine that one might not rely on another's oral representation in the course of a business transaction if he could ascertain the facts by diligence went much too far and has had to be restricted.
madame defarge's hands were at her bosom.
the two families literally fell upon each other's necks--for it had been years since jokubas szedvilas had met a man from his part of lithuania.
it is true we no longer put heretics to death; and the amount of penal infliction which modern feeling would probably tolerate, even against the most obnoxious opinions, is not sufficient to extirpate them.
they have but one, and it's midnight murder, and mischief.
no, joe, there was nothing at all of the kind.
janet, ringing the bell, my compliments to mr. dick, and beg him to come down.
you must be aware, mr. copperfield, he added, looking restlessly in at the door again, if mr. spenlow objects-- personally, he does not object, sir, said i. oh!
peggotty, who was also looking back on the other side, seemed anything but satisfied; as the face she brought back in the cart denoted.
such is the melancholy condition of the russian empire, as is shown in the accounts of those who have had sufficient opportunity of observation.
but, as we saw, the difficulties can also be met if infinite numbers are admissible.
as he had shown no diffidence on the subject, i ventured on the liberty of asking him the question, when he stood before me, dusting his hands.
you made a quiet little round game of it, among a family group, and you played it out at leisure.
some days i never think from morning till night.
but i was softened by the softened aspect of the man, and felt a touch of reproach.
let us now endeavour to state the fact that the aspect which a thing presents at a given place is affected by the intervening medium.
those who desired to investigate such questions were led to observe the behaviour of animals, in the hope that their behaviour would throw some light on their mental faculties.
if he lives till it turns, hell hold his own till past the flood, and go out with the next tide.
government publications--federal, state, and local--giving results of investigative work done by bureaus, commissions, and committees, are public documents that may usually be had free of charge.
creating the works from print editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
he seemed to consider himself hardly less indebted to me, than to mr. micawber; which i consider (as i told him) quite a compliment.
she saw me as i advanced, and rose for a moment to receive me.
each earns three dollars a week--so they cannot afford to ride.
our arms stretched out of their own will, and our body whirled and whirled, till it raised a wind to rustle through the leaves of the bushes.
i should not have done so, if i had been cool.
the sound of her voice had not reached me, but he bent his head as if he listened to her, and then said: let you stay with your uncle?
we do not judge as to his state of mind by any logical process: the judgment grows up, often without our being able to say what physical mark of emotion we actually saw.
how i had a grasping, avaricious wish to shut out everybody from her but myself, and to be all in all to her, at that unseasonable time of all times.
the commonest sense is the sense of men asleep, which they express by snoring.
credit is given for deer skins also, and they were daily sold.
i started much more naturally then, to find myself confronted by a man in a sober gray dress.
youre in a fright, and dont know what you say or mean.
certainly, my companion could not, for my position was the best.
every effort is made to encourage recreation among the patients in the craig colony, both children and adults.
the most complete form of accuracy consists in giving correct answers to questions, an achievement in which calculating machines far surpass human beings.
great mountains of flame stood in the squares of the cities for three months.
in a flash jurgis had decided that he would chance it once more, and sit down and rest while making up his mind what to do.
there were times when i could not afford to sacrifice the bloom of the present moment to any work, whether of the head or hands.
it got into shadows on the road, and lay cunningly on its back to trip him up.
by your leave, maam, returned mr. peggotty, i should take it kind, pervising you doent mind my clicketten, if youd bide heer.
myself, id rather at any time be knocked down by a man who had got blood in him, than id be picked up by a man who hadnt!
it seems to us it asks a sign from us, a spark, a first commandment.
let us suppose three rows of bodies, one of which (a) is at rest while the other two (b, c) are moving with equal velocity in opposite directions.
then make a similar outline for the biography of some comparatively humble person of whom you know who has affected a more restricted group of contemporaries.
she--excuse me--miss d., you know, said traddles, colouring in his great delicacy, lives in london, i believe?
i ran the same way, outstripping a good many, and soon came facing the wild sea.
it clearly being incumbent on some one to say, much better, mr. lorry said it; perhaps not quite disinterestedly, but with the interested object of squeezing himself back again.
a new burst of crying came upon her now, in which she once more hid her face among the stones, and lay before us, a prostrate image of humiliation and ruin.
it commanded the causeway where we had hauled up our boat, and, as my eyes adapted themselves to the light of the clouded moon, i saw two men looking into her.
then we walked on into the forest, their hand in ours.
and dora returned, looking such a lovely little creature, that i really doubted whether she ought to be troubled with anything so ordinary.
but they had come to a new country, where everything was different, including the food.
i should think so myself, aunt, i am sure, said i.
the car backed round the track, crossed to the straight line, and halted to take us aboard.
an hour and a half limped heavily away in the thief-and-rascal crowded passages below, even though assisted off with mutton pies and ale.
enjoy yourself, was what the cold, insidious music said.
it concerns myself, herbert, said i, and one other person.
it was a process very like that by which anglo-american judicial empiricism has been able to make a law of the world on the basis of the legal precepts of seventeenth-century england.
here the inhuman life and strength are spontaneous, active, almost resolute; masculine vigor compared with the passive gigantic power, female, helpless and overwhelming, of the falls.
wait till she's gone, said jurgis; then i'll see.
next moment katarina reappeared, and said something to sanya.
the ends are the ends of fifty years ago; o. henry transports us by aeroplane to the old homestead.
i counted up to high numbers, to make sure of myself, and repeated passages that i knew in prose and verse.
may the council have mercy upon both our hearts!
but we feel no burden upon our spirit and no fear in our heart.
but i think of all the settings that we used, the lighthouse plays were the best.
now tell me where that school is, and what it is, and all about it.
then, i have talked with wemmick, said i, and have come to tell you what caution he gave me and what advice.
can i only serve you, pip, by serving your friend?
i am well aware that i am the umblest person going, said uriah heep, modestly; let the other be where he may.
six-and-thirty years ago, this day, my dear, said my aunt, as we walked back to the chariot, i was married.
in the case of employers no excuse is admitted.
thirty-five, said the mender of roads, who looked sixty.
than longen folk to gon on pilgrimages, and palmeres for to seken strange strondes.
i know you always used to be against me at mr. wickfields.
the police had left the house, and already there were a few visitors; by evening the place would be running again, exactly as if nothing had happened.
said the stranger to mr. wopsle, when the reading was done, you have settled it all to your own satisfaction, i have no doubt?
we have to understand every detail of it all.
assented miss lavinia resignedly--to me--and receiving our concurrence.
but he means well, said mrs. micawber, tenderly.
when you write informal or literary analysis, on the other hand, since here the object is illumination rather than exhaustion, almost suggestiveness rather than completeness, choose the significant vital divisions and let the rest go.
you can often save much space and effort and the use of stores of connecting words and phrases if you will indent and subordinate sub-topics so that the eye will show the relation at once.
there he was, and there was the decree; he had been taken in france, and his head was demanded.
cultivate poverty like a garden herb, like sage.
he accepted, from his sisters stock of ready money, a small sum on account of his legacy; barely enough, i should have thought, to keep him for a month.
but now, to assign an infinite greater than an infinite, is what i can't possibly conceive.
rise free from care before the dawn, and seek adventures.
we passed beyond the sheds and slid along a narrow spit of land thrusting out into the mud-flanked estuary.
the special feature writer cannot afford to neglect so vital a source of interest.
if i say anything to give you pain, mama, forgive me.
nor had i much time for the clearing of my thoughts, as mr. quinion was to go upon the morrow.
soon, from a score of the great windows, flames burst forth, and the stone faces awakened, stared out of fire.
mr. wopsle, joe, and i, received strict charge to keep in the rear, and to speak no word after we reached the marshes.
im much obleeged to her, im sure, said mr. peggotty.
they advertised potted chicken,--and it was like the boardinghouse soup of the comic papers, through which a chicken had walked with rubbers on.
the white-clad attendant places a tray containing several dozen empty bottles underneath, presses a lever, and, presto!
some i have seen, sixty or a hundred feet long and thirty feet broad....
calling over the banisters to mrs. micawber, while traddles looked (with reason) not a little amazed at this description of me.
this can never happen to a man who has followed step by step the growth of a truth, and who knows the painful phases of its evolution.
she was much gratified; and both her hands being occupied, patted me on the head with her whip.
suppose, for example, that on a number of occasions you had seen one negro, and that you did not know whether this one was the same or different on the different occasions.
now it was against the law to kill horses in packingtown, and the law was really complied with--for the present, at any rate.
and there is another false reason for delay, which is wet weather.
the north wind had already begun to cool the pond, though it took many weeks of steady blowing to accomplish it, it is so deep.
all of this, however, did not chill their ardor as much as might have been expected, because of the volubility of the agent.
that means, replied the other, that you have to pay them seven dollars next month, as well as the twelve dollars.
it will always be remembered, however, that this capt.
in the united states, since the natural law of the eighteenth-century publicists had become classical, we relied largely upon an american variant of natural law.
miss murdstone confirmed this with an audible murmur.
usually, from laziness, people do not notice, but accept the theory of human nature which they find current, and attribute to themselves whatever wishes this theory would lead them to expect.
the second sort of self-evidence will be that which belongs to judgements in the first instance, and is not derived from direct perception of a fact as a single complex whole.
my darkening the light made her look up.
the learned societies and great men of assyria,where are they?
appreciative criticism may on the one hand approach criticism by standards, since, for example, to praise a pianist for melting his tones one into another implies that such melting is a standard.
i remember i entertained a great objection to your adversary, because i took it ill that he should be brought here to pester me with his company.
an open door afforded a perspective view of the aged in bed.
he handed in the names of two witnesses; theophile gabelle, and alexandre manette.
i should get up, sir, to acknowledge such an honour as this visit, said he, only my limbs are rather out of sorts, and i am wheeled about.
if i had been his wife, i could have been the slave of his caprices for a word of love a year.
involuntarily i looked round me, as i was accustomed to look round me when i went home; for these mysterious words gave me a chill.
to imagine another contingency, perhaps more likely to be realised than the one last mentioned.
you know he is as ungainly within as without.
once, she stopped to listen to a band of music; and then we stopped too.
but the vast majority of them had been workingmen, had fought the long fight as jurgis had, and found that it was a losing fight, and given up.
the eyes were wide open, and her brown hair fell in two rich clusters on her shoulders, and on her white dress, disordered by the want of the lost ribbon.
we believe that one group of habits can 'down' another group of habits--or instincts.
the tide will serve pretty nicely at about two in the afternoon, sir.
what i have to do as the confidential agent of another, i do.
which we shall reach in this lecture, will be found to give also, by implication, the answer to the difficulties of infinity which we considered in the previous lecture.
when the spring stirs my blood with the instinct to travel, i can get enough gravel on the old marlborough road.
the result is that we merely have, as the embodiment of our causal law, a certain direction of change at each moment.
j. m.) miss mills and her journal were my sole consolation at this period.
she had seen agnes, she told me while she was toasting.
duane took all this in at once, but jurgis had to have the whole race-track situation explained to him before he realized the importance of such an opportunity.
i had done that ever; and could i change now, looking on this sight!
grasp the chicken's head in your left hand, the back of its head against the palm of your hand.
there is already lodged in my hands a sum of money amply sufficient for your suitable education and maintenance.
the second mast was yet standing, with the rags of a rent sail, and a wild confusion of broken cordage flapping to and fro.
we can almost draw a picture of the kind of young woman who might be called by such a title.
in this respect it is the exact opposite of the logic practised by the classical tradition.
there is a strange unwholesome smell upon the room, like mildewed corduroys, sweet apples wanting air, and rotten books.
this kind of logic is mathematical in two different senses: it is itself a branch of mathematics, and it is the logic which is specially applicable to other more traditional branches of mathematics.
but traddles couldnt get happily out of it.
lucie and i have been there; but only casually.
the first excerpt below shows how he managed to distribute them through several paragraphs, thus avoiding any awkward massing of figures.
thus the whole context of the two occurrences is different.
besides topics for articles, the titles of books, reports, bulletins, and other publications mentioned in conversation or in newspapers, should be jotted down as possible sources of material.
i dare say no words she could have uttered would have affected me so much, then, as her calling me her child.
it is said to be the task of the american to work the virgin soil, and that agriculture here already assumes proportions unknown everywhere else.
with some aid from a dogmatic fiction in the case of covenants, the common law could be adjusted to this theory reasonably well.
but the forms of propositions giving rise to inferences are not the simplest forms: they are always hypothetical, stating that if one proposition is true, then so is another.
if somebody were to doubt whether caesar had crossed the rubicon, verification could only be obtained from the future.
she was quite mad, and had to be held by force; or, if she couldnt have got to a knife, or got to the sea, shed have beaten her head against the marble floor.
i would have done so again today; but uriah was too quick for me.
with those words he took her up in his arms; and, with the veiled face lying on his bosom, and addressed towards his own, carried her, motionless and unconscious, down the stairs.
and a hasty generalisation, such as spencer's generalisation of evolution, is none the less hasty because what is generalised is the latest scientific theory.
i will go with you gladly soon, but i am just concluding a serious meditation.
on the contrary, a large majority of the boys (especially the smaller ones) were visited with similar instances of notice, as mr. creakle made the round of the schoolroom.
however, as i knew how tender-hearted my dear dora was, and how sensitive she would be to any slight upon her favourite, i hinted no objection.
you didnt mention your name, by the bye.
else man not only is the herd of swine, but hes those devils too which did incline them to a headlong rage, and made them worse.
madame defarge wore no rose in her head, for the great brotherhood of spies had become, even in one short week, extremely chary of trusting themselves to the saint's mercies.
the ingredients of an emotion are only sensations and images and bodily movements succeeding each other according to a certain pattern.
nevertheless, a separation of titles into fairly distinct, if not mutually exclusive, groups may prove helpful to inexperienced writers.
therefore we are inclined so far to accede to mr. copperfields proposal, as to admit his visits here.
walking between her father and mr. darnay, lucie manette passed into the open air.
i dont know how it can be, said mr. dick, sorely puzzled and shaking his head.
the thing is probably scheduled in the workmen's compensation act, and the publisher may be required upon notice of the attack to make a suitable payment to the writer's dependants.
such things are not much in demand hereabouts.
in a moment the butcher lights ten thousand candles out of my left eyebrow.
[illustration] at least i was no party to the compact, said estella, for if i could walk and speak, when it was made, it was as much as i could do.
in undue measure it is not without risk, and in any case in the doctor it is better appreciated by the eye than expressed on the tongue.
you remember, when you came down to me in our little room--pointing upward, agnes?
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
if you can trust me, as you say you can, and as i know you may, let me be your friend, your brother, in this matter, of all others!
one day, when i went to the commons as usual, i found mr. spenlow in the doorway looking extremely grave, and talking to himself.
i couldnt undertake to say that, of my own knowledge.
mr. lorry and charles darnay were left alone at the desk, in the general departure from the bank.
mr. cruncher reposed under a patchwork counterpane, like a harlequin at home.
i had never known him to pass the garden-gate before, but on this occasion he came into the house.
she heerd herself a-crying out, like as if it was another person; and cut herself on them sharp-pinted stones and rocks, and felt it no more than if she had been rock herself.
cotton goods in making muslin underwear, it seemed desirable for them to know where cotton grows, how it is spun, where the mills are and how it is shipped to new york.
here are materials for a fresh consideration of the man in relation to his work.
as if, in the retirement of the house made almost sacred to me by her presence, dora and i must be happier than anywhere.
in short, nearly every official report of any kind may be a fruitful source of ideas for special articles.
she might be firm, but only by relationship, and in an inferior and tributary degree.
a newspaper tells me that english beef is non-existent; that the best meat bearing that name has merely been fed up in england for a short time before killing.
a promising young angel i must have been!
i shall discuss this question in later lectures.
it lay directly in my way, and had been worked that day, as i saw by the tools and barrows that were lying about.
it is so much of their wildness as i can understand.
compeyson laughed, looked at me again very noticing, giv me five shillings, and appointed me for next night.
when chestnuts were ripe i laid up half a bushel for winter.
thus, suppose we consider a period consisting of a thousand instants, and suppose the arrow is in flight throughout this period.
i have been detained by--the nephew stopped a moment in his answer--various business.
i never saw this room before, i remarked; but there used to be no porter here.
rag-paper had been selling at twenty-four cents a pound.
each shape demanded by the trade requires a special mold, made of cast iron and cut according to the design submitted.
is the lowest admission in point of volume that should be allowed.
and i suppose it might be enough to answer that no man ever made good verse by accident, and that no verse can ever sound otherwise than trivial when uttered with the delivery of prose.
relieved as his mind reverted to that, he answered: your confidence in me ought to be returned with full confidence on my part.
he laid it between us on the table; and, with his chin resting on one hand, tracked his course upon it with the other.
but there can be no other guv'nor save you on this car and trip.
i reposed complete confidence in no one but biddy; but i told poor biddy everything.
i vill not try it--vy, i might kill myself already.
thus every event has many nearly invariable antecedents, and therefore many antecedents which may be called its cause.
thomas went to a university to study law.
i quarrel not with far-off foes, but with those who, near at home, co-operate with, and do the bidding of those far away, and without whom the latter would be harmless.
my mama departed this life, said mrs. micawber, before mr. micawbers difficulties commenced, or at least before they became pressing.
some of the young men you would take to be americans, of the type of clerks, but for the fact that they wear their hats in the room.
as i bent forward, she put her tumbler on my knee to detain me, and said: oh, trot, trot!
quite as comfortable as we can expect a young mother to be, under these melancholy domestic circumstances.
there were family groups, there were coney island snapshots.
nevertheless, in spite of the risk of error, precision is the goal at which we must aim.
my dearest, i remonstrated, dont talk preposterous nonsense!
said madame, looking at him with a smile.
their meaning continues to be felt in undiminished strength, and is perhaps brought out into even fuller consciousness, so long as the struggle lasts to give the doctrine or creed an ascendency over other creeds.
indeed, i was not only so changed in the course of nature, but so differently dressed and so differently circumstanced, that it was not at all likely he could have known me without accidental help.
we thought it strange that men had been permitted to build a house for only twelve.
to this mind of the heart, if i may call it so, in mr. dick, some bright ray of the truth shot straight.
with the exception of a certain expectant flash of her bright black irish eyes, she is entirely businesslike.
a few minutes later the front door opened; a blast of cold and snow rushed in, and behind it little kotrina, breathless from running, and blue with the cold.
pitying his desolation, and watching him as he gradually settled down upon the pie, i made bold to say, i am glad you enjoy it.
i am happy, all day long, in the thoughts of you.
my last tears, and my last thanks, for uncle!
it was not a feminist theory but a financial condition that confronted us.
but then the resemblance required will have to be a universal.
there was, as i had noticed on my first visit long ago, an iron safe in the room.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
to take a simple illustration: if you go to the theatre in your own country, you seem to hear equally well in the stalls or the dress circle; in either case you think you miss nothing.
it was a pretty game, played on the smooth surface of the pond, a man against a loon.
he had a closet in his room, fitted up for the purpose, which smelt of the scented soap like a perfumers shop.
then there were more outcries and threatening, until at last jurgis had a vision of a pair of elephantine legs disappearing through the trap door, and felt the house shake as madame haupt started to walk.
bodily sensations are admitted by even the most severe critics of introspection, although, like images, they can only be observed by one observer.
no; i am going to play backgammon with you, if you like, said the doctor.
mr. creakle, at whom of course i looked, shook his head without looking at me, and stopped up a sigh with a very large piece of buttered toast.
they show that primarily the law protected the relation to an object of one who had possession of it.
action from principle,the perception and the performance of right,changes things and relations; it is essentially revolutionary, and does not consist wholly with anything which was.
it looks dull because you can't quite see where it affects you.
past endless blocks of two-story shanties he walked, along wooden sidewalks and unpaved pathways treacherous with deep slush holes.
sometimes the thermometer would fall to ten or twenty degrees below zero at night, and in the morning the streets would be piled with snowdrifts up to the first-floor windows.
other packets had missed me, and i had received none for a long time.
is the end of law anything less than to do whatever may be achieved thereby to satisfy human desires?
he had run like mad all the way and was so out of breath he could hardly speak.
i felt the touch of a hand that i knew was neither hers nor peggottys, and slipped to my feet at the bed-side.
none of the best rooms abutted on the road; and the narrow, heavily-framed old-fashioned windows, never cheerful under any circumstances, looked very dismal, close shut, and with their blinds always drawn down.
i say, david, to the young this is a world for action, and not for moping and droning in.
your seventy-eight years would be seventy-eight heavy curses; would they not?
i was myself excited somewhat even as if they had been men.
we may therefore leave the consideration of his arguments and address ourselves to the problem directly.
only the sick in mind crave cleverness, as a morbid body turns to drink.
its for you, handel, said herbert, going out and coming back with it, and i hope there is nothing the matter.
they have also been additional concrete taught the principles of our government, details of striking the importance of personal hygiene, results and the processes by which cotton goods used in their work are manufactured.
i have remarked that at those times, and when he is least like himself, he is most certain to be wanted on some business.
lord forbid that i should want anything for not standing in pips way, said joe, staring.
thus 'a man' is an ambiguous description, and 'the man with the iron mask' is a definite description.
his goods, said mr. cruncher, after turning it over in his mind, is a branch of scientific goods.
a soldier loses grip and goes to the water.
nothing, said the man, only i can't use you.
similarly, the performances of animals in getting out of cages or mazes to which they are accustomed do not prove that they remember having been in the same situation before.
she hungered and thirsted for righteousness; and was the most impious creature in the world.
we wouldnt mind then, when there comes stormy weather.---not for our own sakes, i mean.
now, ill tell you what i have got for supper, mr. pip.
the evidence that animals have souls is so very shaky that, if it is assumed to be conclusive, one might just as well go a step further and extend the argument by analogy to all matter.
the tenth case, which requires a lengthier or more painstaking hearing, is brought to the board.
somehow or other a man has got into this landscape; and, as luck would have it, it is napoleon.
i soon found out that mrs. gummidge did not always make herself so agreeable as she might have been expected to do, under the circumstances of her residence with mr. peggotty.
upon the downfall of authority, seventeenth-and eighteenth-century jurists sought to put natural reason behind private property as behind all other institutions.
caution and indefatigable zeal and resourcefulness--these are almost sure to win the day.
[e] on the other hand, the very best bass i ever drank had had an exactly contrary experience.
it is difficult to come to any conclusion about provincialism as a characteristic of american literature.
but ill tell you one thing, mr. waldengarver, said the man who was on his knees, in which youre out in your reading.
it began in the afternoon, and by evening two inches had fallen.
as to the waiters familiarity, it was quenched as if it had never been.
the two examples which follow illustrate formal and informal analysis, the first one classifying rock drills thoroughly, and the second very informally discussing some odds against shakespeare.
and betwixt ourselves, sinking his voice lower yet, that womans name aint missis gummidge neither, though she has a world of merits.
if he should give us an account of the realities he beheld there, we should not recognize the place in his description.
why do precisely these objects which we behold make a world?
all of these admit of mechanical or rigidly logical application.
my mother took her hand, and said: dont leave me, peggotty.
we shall join our hands to theirs, and we shall work together, with the power of the sky, for the glory of mankind.
but she neither asked me where i had been, nor why i had kept her waiting; and there was a bright flush upon her face, as though something had happened to delight her.
what i felt, in returning so auspiciously to the old familiar places, i shall not endeavour to describe.
like similarly conscious efforts to cover evident indigence, it was so palpable and so unnecessary.
i liked this scheme, and provis was quite elated by it.
its altogether out of all your beats, and is well away from the usual heap of streets great and small.
if you are not located in the united states, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.
an unnatural silence and desertion reigned there.
mr. micawber pressed my hand, and groaned, and afterwards shed tears.
the four columns speedily got into position with flares and bugles at the head of each.
then she said, why not tell you the truth?
if there had been more money to lose, it wouldnt have been all, i dare say.
the case looked hopeless, but mrs. knefler merely set her teeth, and got busy--decidedly busy.
if it had been otherwise;' the hand was at the prisoner's face; 'i should but have had so much the more to answer for.
however, that is not enough to reward her for the additional work and worry.
because hundreds of contributions are examined every day in editorial offices of large publications, manuscripts should be submitted in such form that their merits can be ascertained as easily and as quickly as possible.
we speak conformably to the rumor which we have heard.
i never had this mysterious impression more strongly in my life, than before he uttered those words.
but he never thought of it, except when he was dragged to it--he lived like a dumb beast of burden, knowing only the moment in which he was.
then the gangs of men stationed on the rear trucks with might and main pitch the bulky sleepers into the trough.
its owner went downstairs into the courtyard, got into his carriage, and drove away.
in short, said sydney, this is a desperate time, when desperate games are played for desperate stakes.
you are so extremely brown, my dear copperfield!
we have new laws, evremonde, and new offences, since you were here.
well, sir, he returned, in his slow way, its more than i am accustomed to; but i cant deny myself the pleasure of your conversation.
but children, not knowing that they are having an easy time, have a good many hard times.
driven from the particular sciences, the belief that the notions of good and evil must afford a key to the understanding of the world has sought a refuge in philosophy.
there is positively a mania among some of them for sending it to england.
still, it is an empirical fact that it is possible to preserve the laws by assuming such bodies, and that they never have to be assumed in circumstances in which they ought to be observable.
grandmother majauszkiene saw that her friends were puzzled at this remark; they did not quite see how paying for the house was fooling the company.
you come to the point, my dear, said my aunt.
in the winter, all water which is exposed to the air is colder than springs and wells which are protected from it.
i got sick, she replied, and after that i had no money.
he jotted down on ivory tablets thoughts, maxims, reflections which chance has preserved for the edification of posterity.
we know, when we look into each others eyes.
for this reason, i resolved to alight as soon as we touched the town, and put myself out of his hearing.
every harbor on the sea-coast, also, has its bar at its entrance.
they fit into a coherent system of probable opinions, and thus become more probable than they would be in isolation.
i took her to myself when her character was scarcely formed.
it may be the character of his mind, to be always in singular need of occupation.
i had purposely misled them, that i might have the pleasure of taking them by surprise.
i go home in a state of unspeakable bliss, and waltz in imagination, all night long, with my arm round the blue waist of my dear divinity.
something has been got from him by fraud, i know, returned traddles quietly; and so do you, mr. heep.
mr. micawber slightly bowed to me, and pulled up his shirt-collar.
mr. jaggers left word, would you wait in his room.
its a pity now, joe, said i, that you did not get on a little more, when we had our lessons here; isnt it?
it employed thirty thousand men; it supported directly two hundred and fifty thousand people in its neighborhood, and indirectly it supported half a million.
and a wail of anguish burst from him, great sobs shook all his frame, and hot tears ran down his cheeks and fell upon her.
mr. pip, he returned, you will be welcome there, in a private and personal capacity.
i therefore strive, and wistfully aspire.
mr. stryver sucked the end of a ruler for a little while, and then stood hitting a tune out of his teeth with it, which probably gave him the toothache.
on the other hand, in the handmade, as distinguished from the machine-made product, the specialized skill of the workman gives us something infinitely more subtle than can be expressed in rules.
such practice is admirable mental training, also, for it teaches the listener or reader to keep his brain detached for seeing relationships, for grasping the parts in relation to the whole and to each other.
all of a shiver, said mr. dick, counterfeiting that affection and making his teeth chatter.
magwitch, he answered, in the same tone; chrisend abel.
mother will be quite in a state, when she sees the present company!
the eager, nervous straining for sleep gives way to a delicious indifference.
dinner was laid in the best of these rooms; the second was his dressing-room; the third, his bedroom.
i--i--could wish you had remembered me a little sooner, mr. creakle.
and the expression is so liable to unevenness as to be less worthy than it should be.
i've got about three hundred dollars, was the answer.
it was easy to make sure that as yet he knew me no more than if he had never seen me in his life.
when any nerve is stimulated, so as to cause a sensation, the sensation does not cease instantaneously with the cessation of the stimulus, but dies away in a short finite time.
if the enterprise were as innocent as it is early!
let each man keep his temple untouched and undefiled.
heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
this piece of pollution, picked up from the water-side, to be made much of for an hour, and then tossed back to her original place!
there may or may not be a possible deduction leading to the same result, but whether there is or not, we certainly do not employ it.
he was ailing a long time--a shattered, broken man, these many years.
a specimen of the thanks one gets, cried mrs. markleham, in tears, for taking care of ones family!
thank you for that blessing, master copperfield!
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
is it not--forgive me; i have begun the question on my lips--a pity to live no better life?
thus i began my new life, in a new name, and with everything new about me.
if the article is to be entirely effective and just, the experience of the one person described must be fairly typical of that of others in the same situation.
and then, when she first came, i meant to save her from misery like mine.
and now i fell into a state of neglect, which i cannot look back upon without compassion.
his table is covered with thick piles of papers; and i say, as i look around me: if sophy were your clerk, now, traddles, she would have enough to do!
the west of which i speak is but another name for the wild; and what i have been preparing to say is, that in wildness is the preservation of the world.
and still i stood looking at the house, thinking how happy i should be if i lived there with her, and knowing that i never was happy with her, but always miserable.
the time spent in eating is not included in her day's work.
would you ride with me a little way tomorrow morning?
they might have done it, if only they could have gotten pure food, and at fair prices; or if only they had known what to get--if they had not been so pitifully ignorant!
the hearing of all this, and a good deal more, outlasted the banquet some time.
the soil is blanched and accursed there, and before that becomes necessary the earth itself will be destroyed.
mr. traddles, i have your permission, i believe, to mention here that we have been in communication together?
the blood horses of them colonists might fling up the dust over me as i was walking; what do i say?
i've got cruel parents, or i'd set you up.
i should never wish to intrude where i were not welcome.
mr. peggotty says you are a wonder, i returned.
they have never understood you, micawber, said his wife.
i shall go down into suffolk afterwards.
i believe that men are generally still a little afraid of the dark, though the witches are all hung, and christianity and candles have been introduced.
mr. jaggers had risen when joe demonstrated, and had backed near the door.
she was the cause of our first little quarrel.
they have left off telling me to wait a few days more.
the laws which physics seeks can, broadly speaking, be stated by treating such systems of particulars as causal units.
i know whuzzamatter wiz you, hamilton--lay you a dollar i know!
the separation has not made the impression on me, that other separations have.
and now i'll have no more drink; i'll get to bed.
i was so humiliated, hurt, spurned, offended, angry, sorry,i cannot hit upon the right name for the smartgod knows what its name was,that tears started to my eyes.
oh, you are in low spirits, mr. micawber, said traddles.
there came one of those hysterical crises that had so often dismayed him.
the one melts, the other but breaks in pieces.
for this definition it is necessary first of all to consider the derivation of the objective reference of a proposition from the meanings of its component words or images.
in the third place, two instances of the same word are so similar that neither has associations not capable of being shared by the other.
if any one asks: 'why should i accept the results of valid arguments based on true premisses?'
she said, or ill proclaim you to the house, and the whole street!
as i intended to repeat it after a while, and as it was necessary to watch its influence, i then sat down by the side of the bed.
before he had found a stock in all respects suitable the city of kouroo was a hoary ruin, and he sat on one of its mounds to peel the stick.
but she couldnt,at all events, she didnt.
i did as she bade me--rewarding myself afterwards for my obedience--and she charmed me out of my graver character for i dont know how long.
upon its gray clapboarded sides, window blinds hang loose and window sashes sag away from their frames.
(must not d. c. confine himself to the broad pinions of time?
; we have acquaintance in memory with things which have been data either of the outer senses or of the inner sense.
an italian boy came in, looking for work.
have you not had the same experience?
we all entered warmly into these views; and i may mention at once, that the principals themselves did so, shortly afterwards, with perfect good will and harmony.
de la grasserie, les principes sociologiques du droit civil, ch.
he has a watch and a chain and a ring and a breast-pin and a handsome suit of clothes.
we are to give its goal, its highest meaning to all this glowing space of rock and sky.
he had gone to brown's and stood there not more than half an hour before one of the bosses noticed his form towering above the rest, and signaled to him.
how often have you seen miss estella before?
if i lacked anything beyond, it would have satisfied me well enough to dream about it, instead of struggling for its actual possession.
my dear sir, said mr. trabb, as he respectfully bent his body, opened his arms, and took the liberty of touching me on the outside of each elbow, dont hurt me by mentioning that.
in this state they set forth with the sharp rain driving in their faces: clattering at a heavy dragoon trot over the uneven town pavement, and out upon the mire-deep roads.
the life of a butterfly, for example, is just a graceful gesture: and yet, in that its loveliness is complete and perfectly rounded in itself, i envy this bright flicker through existence.
james steerforth, the best wish i can leave you is that you may come to be ashamed of what you have done today.
the limitation, therefore, of the power of government over individuals, loses none of its importance when the holders of power are regularly accountable to the community, that is, to the strongest party therein.
he loves words for their sound, their suggestiveness, their color.
where the stream runs shallower it is a kind of violet color, but both violet and green fray and frill to white as they fall.
wed be puzzled how to bring down a jail-bird on the wing, to-night.
they took some time (not so much on account of their variety, as jips reluctance), and were still unfinished when it was heard at the door.
if psychology is to be a separate science at all, we must seek a wider ground for its separateness than any that we have been considering hitherto.
if so, there is always a possibility of improved tools.
i dont mean the dreams that i dreamed on that day alone, but day after day, from week to week, and term to term.
at last mrs. micawber resolved to move into the prison, where mr. micawber had now secured a room to himself.
you may melt your metals and cast them into the most beautiful moulds you can; they will never excite me like the forms which this molten earth flows out into.
i have found it a singular luxury to talk across the pond to a companion on the opposite side.
we had no story-telling that evening, and traddles insisted on lending me his pillow.
the police constable, who is a civilian and has to use his own judgment and act on his own responsibility in innumerable petty emergencies, is by comparison a popular and esteemed citizen.
and he hammered at me with a wigor only to be equalled by the wigor with which he didnt hammer at his anwil.youre a listening and understanding, pip?
no doubt i should have been miserable whomsoever she had favored; but a worthier object would have caused me a different kind and degree of distress.
this is left until the morning of the day appointed for the launch, and it is then done by a method which is quite startling in its simplicity.
what can have put such a person in your head?
pray let us be friends, said my mother, i couldnt live under coldness or unkindness.
why, she reminds me, steerforth, said i, that i came out on this expedition to look about me, and to think a little.
the case may be made clearer by considering a genuinely-empirical generalization, such as 'all men are mortal.'
i came to love my rows, my beans, though so many more than i wanted.
if a plant cannot live according to its nature, it dies; and so a man.
he faltered for an instant; then went on as before.
given, then, the length and breadth of the cove, and the character of the surrounding shore, and you have almost elements enough to make out a formula for all cases.
that concern had good trucks, and kept them in a well-equipped garage, where maintenance was good.
in vain to comfort myself with the thought that i could get through more work in the winter undistracted by thoughts of cricket grounds and country houses.
* * on the distinction between images and sensation, cf.
), that i think she may come, on his account, to be kind to me.
call him trotwood, certainly, said mr. dick.
if you light a fuse and connect it with a heap of dynamite, the explosion of the dynamite may be spoken of, in a sense, as a delayed response to your lighting of the fuse.
now he is doing high-school work creditably; and he has stopped talking about leaving school.
i am not afraid of him, i am not proud, i am ready to take care of him, and shall not ill-treat him as some people (besides the asylum-folks) have done.
of course it would be a great relief to me to ask you several questions, sir; but i remember your prohibition.
i felt that i must have something in reserve for my dreadful acquaintance, and his ally the still more dreadful young man.
another plan is to set the vessel in an old preserving kettle.
but i felt that we should not have had those old wanderings, even if it had been otherwise.
a child learning to speak is learning habits and associations which are just as much determined by the environment as the habit of expecting dogs to bark and cocks to crow.
murmured mr. peggotty, with a grave toss of his head.
others had to tell of country people, coming in from neighbouring villages, who had seen great trees lying torn out of the earth, and whole ricks scattered about the roads and fields.
in the nineteenth century this mode of thought takes a metaphysical turn.
returned miss mowcher, shaking her head violently.
it's no wild-goose chase that had started thus unromantically.
my mother, contrary to her usual habit, instead of coming to the elbow-chair by the fire, remained at the other end of the room, and sat singing to herself.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
my petition is, that a morsel of stone or wood, with my husband's name, may be placed over him to show where he lies.
you may believe that such-and-such a horse will win the derby.
a good man or woman may keep a youth some little while in clearer air; but the contemporary atmosphere is all-powerful in the end on the average of mediocre characters.
of course, it would be perfectly possible, theoretically, to indicate a few chosen relations, not by words, but by relations between the other words.
my aunt smoothed her dress and shook her head, as if she smoothed defiance of the whole world out of the one, and shook it out of the other.
libraries differ greatly in the degree of convenience, and some lecturers are much more readily intelligible than others, and their lectures much more easily codified in notes.
my dear mr. lorry, it is because i am a frenchman born, that the thought (which i did not mean to utter here, however) has passed through my mind often.
most of the inconsistent hyphenation has been retained as many appear in quoted passages.
what i said was low; thats what it was; low.
among my boys, this summer holiday time, i see an old man making giant kites, and gazing at them in the air, with a delight for which there are no words.
undoubtedly the manner of asserting an opinion, even though it be a true one, may be very objectionable, and may justly incur severe censure.
both logic and expression, then, are dependent on the outline: with it they are more sure.
i was there at seven oclock this morning.
mr. micawber was very anxious that i should stay to dinner.
i promised, as well as i could, that i would not abuse her kindness or forget her admonition.
if this is the case, then they are causally independent of ourselves; if not, not.
as no one makes any profit by the sale, there is no longer any stimulus to extravagance, and no misrepresentation; no cheating, no adulteration or imitation, no bribery or 'grafting.'
she set her hand upon her stick in the resolute way that sometimes was habitual to her, and looked at the fire with a strong expression of forcing herself to attend.
now, mr. cruncher, said miss pross, whose eyes were red with felicity; if you are ready, i am.
dont you remember saying to me once, that perhaps i should be a partner in mr. wickfields business, and perhaps it might be wickfield and heep?
day after day jurgis discovered these things--things never expected nor dreamed of by him--until this new place came to seem a kind of a heaven to him.
when jurgis had first come to the stockyards he had been as clean as any workingman could well be.
i felt that this delicacy arose out of the consideration that the plan would save herbert some expense, so i went off to little britain and imparted my wish to mr. jaggers.
i told him that, without deep trimmings, the family was disgraced.
and we have discovered it alone, and we alone are to know it.
against such a sight, and against such determination as that of the calmly desperate man who was already accustomed to lead half the people present, i might as hopefully have entreated the wind.
and why as a matter of course, mr. maldon?
now, what i would humbly offer to you, sir, pursued mr. cruncher, even if it wos so, which i don't say it is-- don't prevaricate, said mr. lorry.
duane nudged jurgis, and the instant the man had passed they rose up.
again it is desirable to survey all the possibilities in order to choose the one method best adapted to his subject and his purpose.
now he was famous, but wherever he went he still preached the gospel of the poor.
a caption should not be a mere label, but, like a photograph, should have life and action.
once i was surprised to see a cat walking along the stony shore of the pond, for they rarely wander so far from home.
i saw steerforth soothe and please you by his praise of her!
i slipped swiftly down the five flights, met nobody.
why do you bring division between these two mad creatures?
that was sunday morning, and monday night jurgis came home, sober and sick, realizing that he had spent every cent the family owned, and had not bought a single instant's forgetfulness with it.
i congratulated mrs. micawber on the approaching change.
their hair was golden as the sun; their hair flew in the wind, shining and wild, as if it defied men to restrain it.
(she laughed, here, in the most melodious manner.)
the smell of peat-smoke recalling a former scene is an instance which we discussed a moment ago.
second, events, explanations, and opinions given in the words of one who speaks with authority, have greater weight than do the assertions of an unknown writer.
they had been treating their guard, i suppose, for they had a gaoler with them, and all three came out wiping their mouths on their hands.
then take the whole business of insurance, the enormous mass of administrative and clerical labor it involves, and all utter waste-- i do not follow that, said the editor.
we were all very low, and none the higher for pretending to be in spirits.
yes, she returned, again nodding steadily, i let you go on.
i understood him to add that she was parting amidships, and i could readily suppose so, for the rolling and beating were too tremendous for any human work to suffer long.
that night i knew he had a false and thankless heart.
his companion explained the situation, and the lawyer took the paper and began to read it, while jurgis stood clutching the desk with knotted hands, trembling in every nerve.
my great-grandfather, the old king cooweeskowee, with his wife and children, paused at the first hilltop to look back at his home, and already the whites were moving into it.
it must be forty feet high, said they, grimly; and never moved.
from this point onward, the work of the philosopher is synthetic and comparatively easy; it is in the very last stage of the analysis that the real difficulty consists.
antanas was but little over a year old, and already no one but his father could manage him.
it was a cheap sort of top dressing in which i had entire faith.
has agnes any-- i was thinking aloud, rather than speaking.
modern law has given up both the nominate delicts and quasi-delict, as things of any significance.
& that nobody is wished to see my dead body.
here, a boy came in to say that mr. micawber was wanted downstairs.
now, as to the future, hinted mr. lorry.
we must therefore admit that there is general knowledge not derived from sense, and that some of this knowledge is not obtained by inference but is primitive.
on the morning of the primaries mrs. schurz, as she took the coffee off the stove, remonstrated with her oldest daughter, minna.
such a process required something to give direction to juristic reasoning, to give definite content to the ideal, to provide a reasonably defined channel for juristic thought.
they rested on some straw in a loft until the middle of the night, and then rode forward again when all the town was asleep.
it is now after midnight, however, and things are not as they were before.
giving him private directions to seek the society of mrs. crupp, and to remove the young gal to the basement also, i abandoned myself to enjoyment.
& that i be not bury'd in consecrated ground.
their condition only proves what squalidness may consist with civilization.
troy's district, with its sections of rich and poor and well-to-do.
the relatively small number of amateurs who undertake special articles, compared with the hundreds of thousands who try their hand at short stories, makes the opportunities for special feature writers all the greater.
she gets six guineas a week instead of eighteen shillings.
the content consists of images of (say) the visual appearance of rain, the feeling of wetness, the patter of drops, interrelated, roughly, as the sensations would be if it were raining.
the audience subsided again, and jurgis sat back.
at the mill-dam the hockey game still rages; the players take no heed of the noon train.
library walls of a smaller office room opening off the schoolroom.
we think of matter as having existed long before there were any minds, and it is hard to think of it as a mere product of mental activity.
it is with some small measure of this sense of security--tempered by our knowledge of enemy activity in these waters--we pace the bridge.
the bolt is impending, and the tree must fall.
to mr. lorry, the doctor communicated under an injunction of secrecy on which he had no need to dwell, that the crowd had taken him through a scene of carnage to the prison of la force.
if it were not for electricity, the searchers would be handicapped.
but the sight of sights at this moment is tamoszius kuszleika.
in fact, said mrs. micawber, lowering her voice,--this is between ourselves--our reception was cool.
i signified that he was addressing mr. pip.
so easy is it, though many housekeepers doubt it, to establish new and better customs in the place of the old.
it came to life, it turned red, and a circle of light lay on the stone before us.
as the smoke cleared, leaving an awful stillness, it passed out on the air, like the soul of the furious woman whose body lay lifeless on the ground.
this unlucky page, engaged in an evil hour at six pounds ten per annum, was a source of continual trouble to me.
it was as if i had left a cheerful housekeeper behind.
he changed legs again, and wetted his lips.
and when we came at last to the five thousand cheeses (canes he made it that day, i remember), my mother burst out crying.
believe me, miss pross, i don't approach the topic with you, out of curiosity, but out of zealous interest.
why, i have the fourth of a room and a passage, and the fourth of a clerk, returned traddles.
mudbank, mist, swamp, and work; work, swamp, mist, and mudbank.
there was little roughness in the sport, and much playfulness.
he will be unfortunate, indeed, if he suit no one.
he drew up two chairs near the kitchen stove, adding that jurgis must excuse the disorder of the place, since at such a time one's domestic arrangements were upset.
under existing circumstances, it is as well on all accounts that they should not.
if i do--well, said madame, drawing a breath and nodding her head with a stern kind of coquetry, i'll use it!
if he appeared to be in his customary state of mind, mr. lorry would then cautiously proceed to seek direction and guidance from the opinion he had been, in his anxiety, so anxious to obtain.
you don't know him, said the spy, quickly.
but what is distinctive of kant is the way in which he apportions the shares of ourselves and the physical object respectively.
i meekly ordered a bit of fish and a steak, and stood before the fire musing on his obscurity.
thats the greatest thing i have seen to-day.
her reverting to this tone as if our association were forced upon us, and we were mere puppets, gave me pain; but everything in our intercourse did give me pain.
they were questions of the meaning of the document, as such, only in form.
with the exception of the heel of a dutch cheese--which is not adapted to the wants of a young family--said mrs. micawber, there is really not a scrap of anything in the larder.
the prisoner walked to and fro in his cell, counting its measurement, and the roar of the city arose like muffled drums with a wild swell of voices added to them.
joe looked at me with a quivering lip, and fairly put his sleeve before his eyes.
this war, however, is changing all that, and many a woman with newspaper ambitions will now have her chance at home.
i strayed on the common after school instead of hurrying home to read.
i was in a flutter of pride and anxiety; pride in my dear little betrothed, and anxiety that agnes should like her.
if we can show that these are inadequate, we may feel fairly certain that no intrinsic criterion hitherto suggested will suffice to distinguish true from false beliefs.
in some places they would use the same room for eating and sleeping, and at night the men would put their cots upon the tables, to keep away from the swarms of rats.
the liability of the son to pay the father's debt is held to arise from the moral and religious duty of rescuing the father from the penalties attaching in a future state to non-payment of debts.
as he said this with a gentle melancholy, which was the next thing to making no charge at all, i expressed my acknowledgements on peggottys behalf, and paid tiffey in banknotes.
few women have the ability or enterprise to attain it!
the voice of the submissive man who had spoken, was flat and tame in its extreme submission.
our intercourse was thus altogether one of unbroken harmony, far more pleasing to remember than if it had been carried on by speech.
thus the colour we see is a result of the ray as it reaches the eye, and not simply a property of the object from which the ray comes.
for the making of a story here were fine conditions.
and yet, observing the strange law of contradiction which obtains in all such cases, the time was long, while it flamed by so fast.
but, whether it was really she, or whether it was a confusion of the shadows in the room, i dont know now.
there were tears in his voice too, as he answered: it is too late for that.
from what has just been said it follows that the nature of sense-data cannot be validly used to prove that they are not composed of mutually external units.
when some of them have been granted, others can be proved, though these others, so long as they are simple, are just as obvious as the principles taken for granted.
it might be that he had worse things yet to learn--and so he got to his feet and started away, walking on, wearily, half-dazed.
* * * * * what has been said on philosophical method in the foregoing lectures has been rather by means of illustrations in particular cases than by means of general precepts.
i knew it quite as well as i know it now.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
if she should ever tell me that you are essential to her perfect happiness, i will give her to you.
she laid her head upon her father's breast, as she had laid his poor head on her own breast, long, long ago.
pockets and back, i was not by any means convinced on the last point, and began to invent reasons and make excuses for putting up at the blue boar.
i dropped my face into my hands, but was able to control myself better than i could have expected, considering what agony it gave me to hear her say those words.
it is hoped he will recover in the fresher air.
were they going to let him alone this time?
i answered, almost falling over her and checking myself.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
the assumption of continuity is, however, successfully made in physics.
but the twins are a great tie; and to me, with my recollections, of papa and mama, these transactions are very painful.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
they looked straight into our eyes and they held their head high and they answered: the unconquered.
they will slink back to their kennels in disgrace, or perchance run wild and strike a league with the wolf and the fox.
i wondered, at first, why i so often found sophy writing in a copy-book; and why she always shut it up when i appeared, and hurried it into the table-drawer.
consider the girls in a factory,never alone, hardly in their dreams.
the idea that there is no administrative element in the judicial decision of causes and that judicial application of law should be a purely mechanical process goes back to aristotle's politics.
perhaps you know, miss trotwood, that there is never a candle lighted in this house, until ones eyes are literally falling out of ones head with being stretched to read the paper.
some who used to fear him now liked him.
to show the development of beethoven's genius as he matured.
it is remarkable that we can look down on its surface.
on the appointed day--i think it was the next day, but no matter--traddles and i repaired to the prison where mr. creakle was powerful.
it follows from what has been said that a vague thought has more likelihood of being true than a precise one.
that's what brings the rewards in our business.
thus some kind of knowledge of logical forms, though with most people it is not explicit, is involved in all understanding of discourse.
perhaps the translator found it a difficult matter to be sentimental in a language in which a sob is known as a gukcziojimas and a smile as a nusiszypsojimas.
i went straight to mr. pumblechooks, and was immensely relieved to find him not at home.
it is usual to describe law as an aggregate of rules.
i have had enough of witnesses to-day and to-night; who's your pretty witness?
there, they found two women; one, knitting.
he wishes to see the fine world--the king, the queen, and court; let him see them on sunday.
we know that the man with the iron mask existed, and many propositions are known about him; but we do not know who he was.
its condemnation may be allowed to rest on this common argument, not the worse for being common.
it had large flowing sleeves and a hood of loud colors hanging down behind; and he was blandly marching along in the academic procession at the inaugural ceremonies of the new president of the university.
some such wave, i think, was passing through the crowd.
informal analysis the formal analyses are in general far less frequent than the informal, which are found constantly in the weekly and monthly magazines and in the editorials of our daily papers.
he said it was not worth while, i was so near my destination; wemmick should walk round with me, if i pleased.
alone in your country inn you may call for the celery; but if you are wise you will see that no other traveler wanders into the room.
that it is enough if there is always somebody capable of answering them, so that nothing likely to mislead uninstructed persons remains unrefuted.
in vain the frightened tamoszius would attempt to speak, to plead the limitations of the flesh; in vain would the puffing and breathless ponas jokubas insist, in vain would teta elzbieta implore.
it is a painful reflection to me, said charles darnay, quite astounded, that i should have done him any wrong.
what though i value the seed of these beans, and harvest that in the fall of the year?
in order to know that it is between us and the objects seen through it, we must know how to correlate the space of touch with the space of sight.
i saw it move a little more, and a hand softly interpose to keep it open.
take, for the sake of definiteness, the remembering of a past event.
purists may suggest it would have been better so.
they shall be yourn, dear boy, if money can buy em.
my dear fellow, said herbert, let the near prospect of our separationfor, it is very nearbe my justification for troubling you about yourself.
the diseases, the elements, fortune, gravity, lightning, respect no persons.
sir, said mr. micawber, she is also, thank god, in statu quo.
if interruptions are frequent and completion of cycles rare, the characteristics by which cycles are observed may become so blurred as to be almost unrecognizable.
now for the first time they were free--free to gratify every passion, free to wreck themselves.
february has no intoxication; the vague eagerness that gives the air a pulse where fields lie voiceless comes from the secret stirring of imprisoned life.
illustration of the value of this method is found in the following historical account of the american business man.
i am sure the directors of that firm are drawers; for they always give you two pencils, one hard for doing noses, and one soft for doing hair.
far into the night, miss havishams words, love her, love her, love her!
her hands and arms were smeared with blood, and blood was splashed upon her clothing and her face.
then it was that i began, if i may so shakespearianly express myself, to dwindle, peak, and pine.
what reports, documents, technical periodicals, and books of reference were used as sources in preparing the article?
we strained forward to see their faces, and we cried out to them our welcome.
jurgis had always been a member of the church, because it was the right thing to be, but the church had never touched him, he left all that for the women.
will you come with me, young sir, if you please, he said, opening the door, and i shall have the pleasure of taking you home.
well now, said the waiter, in a tone of confidence, what would you like for dinner?
the second point is his feeling for underpaid working-girls.
we already have our limited liability corporation papers.
that then my aunt had said, dick, i am ruined.
jurgis had fought himself half to his knees, when the policeman made a leap at him, and cracked him across the face with his club.
now suddenly it had swooped upon him, and had seized him by the leg.
this feeling in practice would not triumph over fear and greed; but the feeling is natural, and everybody with a grain of nature in him can imagine its triumph.
it was occupied, but only by a poor lunatic gentleman, and the people who took care of him.
its the right sort of a house for such a thorough-built boatman.
but you never will, you see, said biddy.
mysteries, whether real or fictitious, pique curiosity.
it is not difficult to suppose that a dog has images (possible olfactory) of his absent master, or of the rabbit that he dreams of hunting.
and if you're no scholar, how can you become a full professor?
it was a heavy, settled fall, i recollect, in great flakes; and it lay thick.
in the van of the surplus-labor army, there followed another, an army of women, they also struggling for life under the stern system of nature.
how well i recollect the kind of day it was!
especially must we do this when we happen to be the author ourselves.
but the law had its eye upon the need of composition, not upon the agreement.
'doctor, your clients are people of condition.
as to the strange man; if he had come back for his two bank-notes there could have been no dispute about them, because my sister was fully prepared to restore them.
i see her with a child upon her bosom, who bears my name.
when we had again alighted, and were walking in the starlight along the quiet road that led to the doctors house, i told agnes it was her doing.
herbert had been writing with his pencil in the cover of a book.
in fact, that branch of my family which is settled in plymouth became quite personal to mr. micawber, before we had been there a week.
now i wonder, he muttered, whether my agnes tires of me.
after our early dinner, i strolled out alone, purposing to finish off the marshes at once, and get them done with.
cries in exaltation of the well-known good physician rent the hall.
my friend reached the chair without coming in at the door in the usual way; subsequent inquiry will show that he was somewhere else at the moment.
he did not take the identification as a compliment; but he made the best of it, and turned it off with a laugh.
in her furred travelling-dress, estella seemed more delicately beautiful than she had ever seemed yet, even in my eyes.
sophy tripped away, and we heard her received in the adjoining room with a peal of laughter.
im a-going to give the key to him tonight.
if you have, don't expect me to keep your secret.
and he was--honourable and manful--for two year going on, and we was just the same at home here as afore.
but what i want you to be, trot, resumed my aunt, --i dont mean physically, but morally; you are very well physically--is, a firm fellow.
i have a letter from that old--rascal here, said i.
jurgis had never heard it, and he could not make out the words, but the wild and wonderful spirit of it seized upon him--it was the marseillaise!
two years have passed since we found this place.
revisiting his old haunts; attending lectures together in the german and french universities; working side by side in the great libraries; and meeting the great men of his profession at dinner!
certain considerations apply here, however, which will again be relevant when we come to the definition of numbers.
she kept the bouquet close to her on the cushion, and wouldnt allow jip to sit on that side of her at all, for fear he should crush it.
many of the devices of the short story will be found useful in articles.
tolerably, for i had gone up the staircase in the dark, many a time.
this is a wild kind of place, steerforth, is it not?
in these formulas do we really get away from the problem of a balance compatible with maintaining all the interests, with responding to all the wants and claims, which are involved in civilized social existence?
we shall have helped it, returned madame, with her extended hand in strong action.
if we travel along a straight line in either direction, it is difficult to believe that we shall finally reach a last point, beyond which there is nothing, not even empty space.
i thought nothing would have frightened her, he said, for shes-- here he whispered softly, dont mention it--the wisest and most wonderful of women.
the question remains whether there is any other method of discovering the intrinsic nature of physical objects.
it is time that villages were universities, and their elder inhabitants the fellows of universities, with leisureif they are indeed so well offto pursue liberal studies the rest of their lives.
you doent understand how tis that this here gentleman and me has wished to speak to you.
how dare you to insinuate that you dont know my character better than your words imply?
pointing to the person in the apron who was knitting.
for i am a plodding kind of fellow, copperfield, and had learnt the way of doing such things pithily.
we have, therefore, some knowledge which they lack.
later on he encountered yet another sort of men, those from whose ranks the tramps were recruited, men who were homeless and wandering, but still seeking work--seeking it in the harvest fields.
and my dear boy, cried my mother, coming to the elbow-chair in which i was, and caressing me, my own little davy!
and theres another rum thing in his house, proceeded wemmick, after a moments pause, as if the remark followed on the housekeeper understood; he never lets a door or window be fastened at night.
one of steerforths friends was named grainger, and the other markham.
it is obvious that the knowledge of logical forms is something quite different from knowledge of existing things.
national sentiment is a fact and should be taken account of by institutions.
his shirt-sleeves were rolled up, too, and his brown arms were bare to the elbows.
that's business, said mr. lorry, resuming on the shortest notice his methodical manners; and if business is to be done, i had better do it.
masr davy, he said, cheerily grasping me by both hands, if my time is come, tis come.
mr. micawber, i must observe, in his adaptation of himself to a new state of society, had acquired a bold buccaneering air, not absolutely lawless, but defensive and prompt.
in secret the traveller fared slowly on his way, who fared towards paris from england in the autumn of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.
i stammered something about the pleasure i felt in seeing her again, and about my having looked forward to it, for a long, long time.
this is a gay figure, pip, said she, making her crutch stick play round me, as if she, the fairy godmother who had changed me, were bestowing the finishing gift.
that trap of the extra payments, the interest, and all the other charges that they had not the means to pay, and would never have attempted to pay!
she might whistle for her bread and butter till she died of air.
she in whom i might have inspired a dearer love, i had taught to be my sister.
and they were really absent only from our board--they were in the room, in the great built-in bed that was later to hold also madame and solange.
how lightly i valued the obligation i was conferring on my friend mr. charles!
at first thought most expository writing might be considered to make slight appeal, if any, to emotions.
but he said nothing respecting it, and motioned me with a nod into my guardians room.
i do not know what is the right course to adopt as regards these alternatives.
to engage for some time in farming, railroading, household management, or any other occupation, equips a person to write more intelligently about it.
if so i am afraid most college professors' wives should give up the old-fashioned expensive pose of ladyhood and join the new womanhood!
i cannot too strongly impress upon the earnest and attentive men among you the necessity of overcoming this unfortunate failing in your student days.
only the thick stars, closer and more companionable than in months of foliage, burn alert and serene.
and so szedvilas went on, asking one trembling question after another, while the eyes of the women folks were fixed upon him in mute agony.
when swift invites us to consider the race of struldbugs who never die, we are able to acquiesce in imagination.
shakspeare never was complimented with a finer pair.
never had we seen such a number of them, nor of such strange shape.
to jurgis the herr dr. schliemann assumed the proportions of a thunderstorm or an earthquake.
above the screen-door frame was a hiatus of space running up into the peak.
she turned to him and answered, out of the steam and noise: git me ten dollars cash, und so you can pay me the rest next mont'.
not only must he see them in their surroundings; he must try to see life from their point of view.
that he had fallen among far greater dangers than those which had developed themselves when he left england, he of course knew now.
mr. peggotty seemed to think it a deep idea, but answered: no, sir.
passing a cornfield the other day, close by a hat and coat on a stake, i recognized the owner of the farm.
noise is tabooed, and so even a soft knocking on the top of the berth is forbidden.
but dear me, there was a good deal of fun going on.
but i remarked that the old soldier took him into custody directly, for her partner; and instructed him, as the first preliminary of initiation, to give her all the silver he had in his pocket.
i--i didn't know anything about it all-- the big man with the spectacles, who had moved away, came back at this moment.
there was always something in her modest voice that seemed to touch a chord within me, answering to that sound alone.
name a novel, a poem, a building, a park, which is primarily a pattern-design.
all their effects, of whatever nature, follow mnemic laws.
the same court, in the same room, with the same bar, and the same practitioners, but another judge, for there the consistory judge could plead any court-day as an advocate.
the carriage stopped as soon as the driver could rein in his horses, and the same voice called to me by my name.
he lay on his back, breathing with great difficulty.
the whole process may be illustrated by looking up a familiar quotation, finding it in the expected words, and in the expected part of the book.
others, like mr. henry james, are provincial in outlook, but cosmopolitan in experience, and reveal their provinciality by a self-conscious internationalism.
to individuality should belong the part of life in which it is chiefly the individual that is interested; to society, the part which chiefly interests society.
and so you return to your daily round of toil, you go back to be ground up for profits in the world-wide mill of economic might!
bring out some of the gold you sold yourself to the devil for.
to my astonishment i was informed on leaving college that i had studied navigation!why, if i had taken one turn down the harbor i should have known more about it.
mr. copperfull, returned mrs. crupp, im a mother myself, and not likely.
having abundance of time for his usual methodical toilette, mr. lorry presented himself at the breakfast-hour in his usual white linen, and with his usual neat leg.
wouldnt say it to anybody but yourself, he answered.
tell me where to come to; and in two hours ill produce myself in any state you please, sentimental or comical.
by and by, he said: no sweethearts, i blieve?
but i believe that this criterion fails in very much the same instances as those in which hume's criterion fails in its original form.
it was--what lasting reason have i to remember it!--a cold, harsh, winter day.
my enemies are worms, cool days, and most of all woodchucks.
at any rate, to me they seem quite certain, and i shall assume that you agree with me in this.
he took his seat in the prisoners' pen and sat gazing at them in helpless agony.
suddenly an influx of light filled my house, though the evening was at hand, and the clouds of winter still overhung it, and the eaves were dripping with sleety rain.
there were some boats and barges astrand in the mud, and these enabled us to come within a few yards of her without being seen.
but if you put the same question to a philosopher, he will, if he is candid, have to confess that his study has not achieved positive results such as have been achieved by other sciences.
some at least of these principles must be granted before any argument or proof becomes possible.
since most persons grasp concrete ideas more quickly than abstract ones, specific words should be given the preference in popular articles.
its truth is just as indubitable as the truth of the assertion that two phenomena and two other phenomena make four phenomena.
but then he made out a melody in the ringing; there were chimes.
it's the second time they've sent me up on a trumped-up charge--i've had hard luck and can't pay them what they want.
made curious by seeing you in that connection, and having a reason, to which you are no stranger, for associating you with the misfortunes of a friend now very unfortunate, i walked in your direction.
if a writer yields to this temptation, the result may be a diffuse, aimless article that, however interesting in many details, fails to make a definite impression.
after several varieties of experiment, we had given up the housekeeping as a bad job.
when she came to that, and to a wild cry that followed that, i caught her round the waist.
after which he went on to tell them how he knew it--that he knew it because he had bought them himself!
an example of what seems to be the american habit of writing about everything except american life, is the work of general lew wallace.
he is quite well, copperfield, thank you, said traddles.
well, sir, pursued joe, this is how it were.
the rapid increase of population along the borders of these great seas, it has been said, might render the water unfit for use.
he afterwards took another chop, and another potato; and after that, another chop and another potato.
it would seem, therefore, that self-evidence is useless as a practical criterion for insuring truth.
the corner bakeshop, the laundry, and modern conveniences had thrust upon me more leisure than i could use.
said i, seeing that he left something unsaid.
i longed to be a real partner to my husband and to share in making the family income as well as spending it.
thus property is a social institution based upon an economic need in a society organized through division of labor.
he then returned to the punch, in the highest state of exhilaration.
it has seemed to the behaviourists that similar methods can be applied to human behaviour, without assuming anything not open to external observation.
but it would seem that, whether answers be otherwise discoverable or not, the answers suggested by philosophy are none of them demonstrably true.
he knew her to be so, without looking at her, and said: pray forgive me, miss manette.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
we were left to ourselves now, and looked very blank, i recollect, on one another.
i took this course when i went to lecture in lincoln in the evening, travelling in no road and passing no house between my own hut and the lecture room.
but, masr davy, it warnt to be--not yet!
it was dark up above; they could not afford any light; also it was nearly as cold as outdoors.
when this interchange of christian name was effected, madame defarge, picking her teeth with her toothpick, coughed another grain of cough, and raised her eyebrows by the breadth of another line.
in obtaining material for an interview story, a writer should bear in mind a number of points regarding interviewing in general.
if it had concerned either of the political parties, depend upon it, it would have appeared in the gazette with the earliest intelligence.
an ounce of either, we are told, is equivalent to--how many pounds?
i do not think we can; but we can go a certain distance in this direction.
but suddenly he stood up again, and jurgis heard the chairman of the meeting saying that the speaker would now answer any questions which the audience might care to put to him.
he had grown very pale and he trembled violently.
his analysis, therefore, is valuable only when he has chosen the proper interpretation and has made it effective and clear.
as if that were important, and there were not enough to understand you without them.
for how can there be law unless as a body of rules declaring a natural law which is above all human enactment?
often these books will give you the odd bit of information that you have hunted for in vain elsewhere.
we dream all night of those mountain ridges in the horizon, though they may be of vapor only, which were last gilded by his rays.
the men and women whom a writer puts into his articles are not puppets, but real persons, with feelings not unlike his own.
we can now at last answer the question: what is meant by the number of terms in a given collection?
in more concrete cases, however, such as motion, compactness becomes much more repugnant to our habits of thought.
must not these be attributed to permanent possession, by the objects, of the properties which touch would reveal?
on occasion he does not hesitate to use this power to crush, at least in ideal, whoever shall hinder him in his work.
he told me that he was travelling on business of a delicate and difficult nature, which might get people into trouble, and that he was therefore travelling under an assumed name.
i told her not to come near us till he was dead.
our gallant drummer-boys laid to again, but suddenly a shot rang out from the silent ramparts.
in case you are treating some process in which mistakes are easily made, you can often help the reader by showing how some one--preferably yourself--did it wrongly and thereby came to grief.
in one place part of the flood plunges over a ledge a few feet high and a quarter of a mile or so long, in a uniform and stable curve.
the next day was clear, but gawaine did not get up at dawn.
crash!--a head is held up, and the knitting-women who scarcely lifted their eyes to look at it a moment ago when it could think and speak, count one.
they had to make some shift to furnish it, and every instant of their leisure was given to discussing this.
jurgis saw how they managed it; there were portions of the work which determined the pace of the rest, and for these they had picked men whom they paid high wages, and whom they changed frequently.
the girl anxiously replied that her mistress was very seldom out now, even in a carriage; that she kept her room; that she saw no company, but would see me.
this judgment seems more complicated, but has certainly gained in precision.
when my thoughts go back, now, to that slow agony of my youth, i wonder how much of the histories i invented for such people hangs like a mist of fancy over well-remembered facts!
slowly the muscovites peeled off the steaming mountain and took the funicular down the other side.
she took a step backward, and put out her hands in an undecided frightened way, as if to keep me off.
he saw that he would gain his purpose best if he treated failure first, until he had fairly overwhelmed the reader, and then suddenly shifted and showed that in spite of all this failure man still strives.
he couldnt have thrown a word at a mad dog.
yet, to some extent, this artificial makeshift has been, and still is, a working principle.
or what nymphs presided over it in the golden age?
not till we are lost, in other words not till we have lost the world, do we begin to find ourselves, and realize where we are and the infinite extent of our relations.
fainting of d. and glass of water from public-house.
excuse me, monsieur the marquis--it is a pity--yes.
as i might have expected, he had none at all.
i start for london, miss havisham, to-morrow, i was exceedingly careful what i said, and i thought you would kindly not mind my taking leave of you.
she heard him, and glanced around; then she shrank back and half sprang to her feet in amazement.
and then the other would begin to pour out some tale of misery, and the man would say, come have a glass, and maybe that'll brace you up.
i am happy to say, miss wickfield, pursued traddles, at once with great delicacy and with great earnestness, that in your absence mr. wickfield has considerably improved.
if traddles ever for an instant missed the tea-spoons that were still to be won, i have no doubt it was when he handed the beauty her tea.
he looked at everybody coldly and sarcastically.
for, coming along i had thought well of what i was going to say.
i embraced him, took my weeping nurse upon my arm, and hurried away.
you bad man, returned my aunt, with great emotion; how can you use me so?
an evangelist should have certain qualities of piety and reverence, and should accomplish certain lasting results; we shall judge billy sunday, for example, according to whether he does or does not fulfill these demands.
the former is the transfer of title to goods, the latter of their possession.
and the moment he said that, the stranger turned his head and looked at me.
this line of argument will be developed in the present lecture.
they go about with her, now, more like her keepers than her husband and sister-in-law.
take all the praise, take all the blame; take all the success, take all the failure; in short, take me.
v. the jackal those were drinking days, and most men drank hard.
but when one of us asked in halting french if solange, her little daughter, had yet made her first communion, then madame's face cleared.
the question which must next occupy us is this: how is it possible that there should be such knowledge?
the year beginning with younger hope than ever!
not tonight, sir, but its just the same.
she has a fine head for it, croaked jacques three.
why it came natural to me to do so, and why biddy had a deep concern in everything i told her, i did not know then, though i think i know now.
only think that he had been a countryman all his life; and for three long years he had never seen a country sight nor heard a country sound!
to him scully was a mighty power, the biggest man he had ever met.
it is the railroad trust that runs your state government, wherever you live, and that runs the united states senate.
all overtime work is paid for at the rate of one and one-half times the hourly rate.
the other way collects together the appearances of different objects from a given place, the result being what we call a perspective.
to show the relation of their immediate popularity to their final valuation.
but the difficulty in the case of the cat is nothing compared to the difficulty in the case of human beings.
she had in part suspected, and in part discovered, the main facts of the cruel story, of her husband's share in it, and my being resorted to.
in the course of three or four years, when the country became adapted to agriculture, they built themselves handsome houses, spending on them several thousands.
does not america offer any inducement for men to settle here?
i began one note, in a six-syllable line, oh, do not remember--but that associated itself with the fifth of november, and became an absurdity.
i knew that very well, before she told me so.
and we all walked from the lawn towards the carriage, which was getting ready.
sometimes she glanced out of the window, as though she thought we were going slowly, though indeed we were going fast; but otherwise remained exactly as at first.
this is indeed a philosophy of law for discoverers and colonizers and pioneers and traders and entrepreneurs and captains of industry.
they disliked me; and they sullenly, sternly, steadily, overlooked me.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
my son informs me, mr. copperfield, that you were quite devoted to him, and that when you met yesterday you made yourself known to him with tears of joy.
i also went to the coach-office and took my place for seven oclock on saturday morning.
annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen and six, result happiness.
he kept trying to show them something in the next paragraph; but szedvilas could not get by the word rental--and when he translated it to teta elzbieta, she too was thrown into a fright.
our cook, when dressing them, puts into the saucepan a sprig of mint.
it could readily ascend the sides of the room by short impulses, like a squirrel, which it resembled in its motions.
the burning of the body (previously reduced to pieces convenient for the purpose) was commenced without delay in the kitchen fire; and the tools, shoes, and leather, were buried in the garden.
gone as you look at the tiny hand, isn't it?
no, because he takes care on her, like a brother, arter dark, and indeed afore dark, and at all times.
and indeed, said traddles, it was sold, by virtue of the power of management he held from you; but i neednt say by whom sold, or on whose actual signature.
she didnt tell emly what she come out fur, lest her art should fail, and she should think of hiding of herself.
but beyond that, there seems to be no further regress.
rosa dartle sat looking down upon her, as inflexible as a figure of brass.
my lord inquired of mr. stryver (the prisoner's counsel), whether they were next to try mr. carton (name of my learned friend) for treason?
said i. oh, i assure you, said traddles, something very uncommon, indeed!
we might--as in the pretended visions of seers--see future events immediately, in the way in which we see past events.
she was bruised and scratched and torn, and had been held by the throat, at last, and choked.
i dozed off, myself, in considering the question whether i ought to restore a couple of pounds sterling to this creature before losing sight of him, and how it could best be done.
in another world, if i am forgiven, i may wake a child and come to you.
said miss mowcher, after a brief inspection.
by the middle of april, for i made no haste in my work, but rather made the most of it, my house was framed and ready for the raising.
when you say you love me, i know what you mean, as a form of words; but nothing more.
there was a fine, massive gravity in his face, i did not venture to disturb.
the agent, with infinite patience, began to explain again; but no explanation would do now.
miss manette, your mother took this course with you.
we judge easily from the behaviour of an animal of a familiar kind whether it is hungry or thirsty, or pleased or displeased, or inquisitive or terrified.
and we thought that we would not let the golden one be sent to the palace.
of this, only three hundred dollars had to be paid down, the balance being paid at the rate of twelve dollars a month.
the union stockyards were never a pleasant place; but now they were not only a collection of slaughterhouses, but also the camping place of an army of fifteen or twenty thousand human beasts.
in the evening i used to go back to the prison, and walk up and down the parade with mr. micawber; or play casino with mrs. micawber, and hear reminiscences of her papa and mama.
charles darnay, alone in a cell, had sustained himself with no flattering delusion since he came to it from the tribunal.
i was engaged for a moment, but youll excuse my being busy.
i was with her, for i almost always accompanied them to and from such places.
we tracked snow and mud over a spotless stone floor.
in fact, you turn in with the expectation of rather a good night's rest.
a minority is powerless while it conforms to the majority; it is not even a minority then; but it is irresistible when it clogs by its whole weight.
the waiter seemed convinced that i could not deny it, and that it gave the case a black look.
how well i recollect, when i became quiet, what an unnatural stillness seemed to reign through the whole house!
as the mold comes around to the handler again it opens and the handler takes out the finished bottle, replacing it with a new blank drawn from the mold on the first platform.
for a person who contends that our municipal government is hopelessly behind that of european cities.
i have never been unfaithful to you or your schooling.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
i was more independent than any farmer in concord, for i was not anchored to a house or farm, but could follow the bent of my genius, which is a very crooked one, every moment.
some are able to heap everything together and then divine where each topic is.
she had an hour off, between three-thirty and four-thirty and was on duty again in time to serve tea or afternoon refreshments.
i come next to those characteristics of mental phenomena which arise out of mnemic causation.
she was always labouring, in secret, under this distress; and being delicate and downcast at the time of his last repulse--for it was not the first, by many--pined away and died.
we may compare a vague word to a jelly and a general word to a heap of shot.
in such manner, the bureau makes over many a job to fit the worker.
on board ship, in a small world of our own, we seem to be contained by the boundaries of the bulwarks, to be sailing beyond the influences of the land and of other ships.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
little juozapas gorged himself, and came home with a newspaper full, which he was feeding to antanas when his mother came in.
and now let me take the liberty of asking you a question.
come, according to promise, to bid farewell to t, eh, masr davy?
to think of your poor sister and her rampages!
before half the day they were lifelong friends.
roman jurists recognized that certain things were not subject to acquisition in any of the foregoing ways.
perhaps, they became the restless people they were, in consequence.
when it turns at nine oclock, said herbert, cheerfully, look out for us, and stand ready, you over there at mill pond bank!
if i give you the money for this purpose, will you keep my secret as you have kept your own?
similarly we shall have to shorten the effect.
i was passing out without looking at her, when she touched me with a taunting hand.
everywhere now the medical student is welcomed as an honored member of the guild.
sometimes one would circle round and round me in the woods a few feet distant as if tethered by a string, when probably i was near its eggs.
or she may be married with a little home of her own, but with the desire to add to the family income.
our complicated machinery of prosecution involves a great series of mitigating agencies whereby individual offenders may be spared or dealt with leniently.
what but my hopes shot upward eer so bright?
it was fully a week before they were all normal again, and meantime, with whining children and cross adults, the house was not a pleasant place to live in.
he resented mrs. cruncher's saying grace with particular animosity.
we remained at the public-house until the tide turned, and then magwitch was carried down to the galley and put on board.
but if the dear fellow cant live there, he cant live there.
the latter part of april jurgis went to see the doctor, and was given a bandage to lace about his ankle, and told that he might go back to work.
minnie wont hardly go out at all, you see, on account of father, as she says.
so does a whole world, with all its greatnesses and littlenesses, lie in a twinkling star.
take this attitude, and as long as you make clear, so long your chances for success will be good.
that was after they had been there nearly four years, and this woman had had twins regularly every year--and there had been more than you could count when they moved in.
i was young, to be sure; but i thought much the better of her for this sympathy, and fancied it became her, as a virtuous wife and mother, very well indeed.
she come to england, and was set ashore at dover.
on this occasion, miss pross, responding to ladybird's pleasant face and pleasant efforts to please her, unbent exceedingly; so the dinner was very pleasant, too.
and i am sure no one doubts your being at liberty to do whatever you like.
take disasters to schooners, smacks, and trawlers.
besides this, they have been encouraged to use the public libraries, after being shown how to make out applications for library cards.
would they actually let them lie down in the street and die?
as my driver prophesied when i was ploughing, they warmed me twice, once while i was splitting them, and again when they were on the fire, so that no fuel could give out more heat.
he clattered all his means and implements together, rose from his chair, pulled out his pocket-handkerchief, and burst into tears.
i might be compared to a cricketer of many years standing who should never have made a run.
the occasion of that article was the exhibition of brennan's model mono-rail car before the royal society and in the grounds of his residence at gillingham.
it is a reflection i am unable to dismiss, and it sometimes makes me very uneasy.
i see the lives for which i lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy, in that england which i shall see no more.
i believe that what so saddens the reformer is not his sympathy with his fellows in distress, but, though he be the holiest son of god, is his private ail.
the valve on the rio tinto machine is a piston, or spool valve; on other machines the valve is of the plain d-slide valve type.
the hungry man gnawed one of his fingers as he looked at the other three, and his finger quivered with the craving that was on him.
do you believe the following statement by a well-known musical critic?
could i say a word to you before you go into court?
the boy earned his way successfully for several months.
he would never see her again, never hear her again!
she fell silent for a moment, staring ahead of her gloomily.
the translation of the republic is published separately.
in other words, it is of value chiefly to the thinking.
the girls are given an examination and those who successfully pass it are given a certificate and placed as trained home assistants at fifteen dollars a week.
he went out, hatless, leaving the street door open behind him.
he placed three hats, which happened to be in the room, and a shilling under each: the shillings, he told me, were england, france, and spain.
without going near it yourself, you could always hear of the safety of tom, jack, or richard, through mr. herbert.
a motley lot of men they are--sailors and traction engineers, pierrots, soldiers, and even vestal virgins--for the june commencement is college carnival time.
said uriah, by and by wheeling me face about towards the town, on which the early moon was now shining, silvering the distant windows.
much he knew about peerless beauties, a mean, miserable idiot!
there are many things to be said against american newspapers, but much of the indictment is quashed when one considers that every now and then they develop a writer like don marquis.
but there seemed elements of success about this enterprise.
nominal entities of this sort may or may not exist, but there is no good ground for assuming that they do.
as everything turned upon her, and revolved about her, they went out under the plane-tree, and she carried the wine down for the special benefit of mr. lorry.
each one of the occupants furnished his own accommodations--that is, a mattress and some bedding.
the child has taken leave of her senses.
miss murdstone, be so good as to proceed!
the well-remembered ground was soon traversed, and i came into the quiet streets, where every stone was a boys book to me.
these were among the echoes to which lucie, sometimes pensive, sometimes amused and laughing, listened in the echoing corner, until her little daughter was six years old.
i thought of many plans; but in a college town a woman's opportunities are so limited.
i was still held to be necessary to my poor mothers training, and, as one of her trials, could not be suffered to absent myself.
many technical rules as to consideration, rules having chiefly a historical basis, stand in the way.
he had escaped when he was made half wild by me and my murderous intentions; and his punishment was light.
at present men make shift to wear what they can get.
i hold it--i have always held it--in veneration.
they are like a dear and honored servitor of mine who used, on occasion, to go about her duties with the countenance of a thunderstorm.
all such immediate data he calls 'ideas'.
we shall hand to them, as our confession, these pages we have written.
these revolutionists were not angels; they were men, and men who had come up from the social pit, and with the mire of it smeared over them.
just at this time there was a tremendous uproar being raised concerning the alliance between the criminals and the police.
other things are all very well in their way, but give me blood!
i also saw that i was an incumbrance in the mind of the elder, too.
the indications are that the swarm is a small one, and the store of honey trifling.
dede antanas continued to believe it, while three more hemorrhages came; and then at last one morning they found him stiff and cold.
i found myself in the condition of a schoolmaster, a trap, a pitfall; of always playing spider to doras fly, and always pouncing out of my hole to her infinite disturbance.
thats bentley drummle, i replied; the one with the delicate face is startop.
i have seen your pleasant home, and your old father, and all the innocent, cheerful playful ways with which you refresh your business life.
mrs. markleham, with a short groan, leaned back in her easy-chair; and retired behind her fan, as if she were never coming out any more.
youre a partner yourself, you know, returned my aunt, and thats about enough for you, i expect.
said estella, with a slight wave of her hand, signifying in the fighting times.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
there was no other question that i knew of in the world, and only dora could give the answer to it.
mr. wickfield is a most excellent man, master copperfield, said uriah.
im umbly thankful to you, sir, said mrs. heep, in acknowledgement of my inquiries concerning her health, but im only pretty well.
i stopped at the umble point of my learning, and says i, hold hard!
you have been accustomed to see him often, i suppose?
and it will become as the heart of the earth, lost and hidden at first, but beating, beating louder each day.
i am so distracted with fear and hope for our precious creatures, said miss pross, wildly crying, that i am incapable of forming any plan.
when wear takes place the throw of the valve is reduced; cushioning becomes greater and the stroke is shortened.
when she was dead, i apprehend he first told his daughter what he had done, and then the son became a part of the family, residing in the house you are acquainted with.
i am not thankless, i hope, but that dreadful woman seems to throw a shadow on me and on all my hopes.
the black-hole of that ship warnt a strong one, to a judge of black-holes that could swim and dive.
no, said she, and shook her head and looked about her.
dead darkness lay on all the landscape, dead darkness added its own hush to the hushing dust on all the roads.
my heart is touched now, by many remembrances that had long fallen asleep, of my pretty young mother (and i so old!
i told him, as majestically as i could, that i wasnt in the humour for a fowl.
release was the prelude to life in new york, to story-writing, to rapid and wide-spread fame.
if you can write a definition that is pleasing and stimulating and also accurate, you can always boil it down into the more bald formal statement such as the dictionary offers.
if you knew what a conflict goes on in the business mind, when the business mind is divided between good-natured impulse and business appearances, you would be amused, mr. darnay.
at the same moment, without giving any audible direction to his crew, he ran the galley abroad of us.
his head was heavy and his mind sluggish.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
what a sorrowful act must that be,the covering up of wells!
these two laws together represent in part a hypothesis (the engram), and in part an observable fact.
the way to encourage yourself about the human race is to look at it first from a distance; look at the lights on the high spots.
but here the basis of liability must be found in a relation.
certain features, however, have remained fairly stable.
but he said nothing after offering his blue blazes observation, until the glasses of rum and water were brought; and then he made his shot, and a most extraordinary shot it was.
she put out her hand to him as she spoke, and, as he met it with his own, she glanced, i thought, at me.
each time, of course, there were louder murmurings and angrier looks.
and your duties here have drawn to an end, sir?
unless he can convince himself that the average person who reads the periodical to which he proposes to submit his article will like what he is writing, he cannot hope to sell it to the editor.
said steerforth, beating a lump of coal on the top of the fire, with the poker.
whenever mistakes appear in an article, readers are sure to write to the editor calling his attention to them.
this she did upon her knees, humming a lively little tune the while.
oh, because i am such a little goose, said dora, and she knows i am!
his recent despondency, not to say despair, was gone in a moment.
several curious little circumstances transpired as the action proceeded.
within a radius of thirty miles the investigator may see bottles turned out by all three methods.
how i english is suggestive should learn to speak the english language, i did not know.
the president of the florida flying machine company is in jail for bigamy.
if the same material can be developed into an article of interesting information or into one of practical guidance, it is desirable to do the latter and, if necessary, to disguise the purpose.
the most tasteful front-yard fence was never an agreeable object of study to me; the most elaborate ornaments, acorn tops, or what not, soon wearied and disgusted me.
i saw yet more distinctly the state in which i lived.
if they all combined, they would have enough to make the first payment; and if they had employment, so that they could be sure of the future, it might really prove the best plan.
mathematics commands all my respect, but i have no use for engines.
in the latter part of november they hired a hall, and invited all their new acquaintances, who came and left them over a hundred dollars in debt.
it substitutes the attraction of the future for the impulsion of the past.
agnes and her father had been gone a week, before we resumed our usual work.
on a certain friday night in november one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, did business occasion you to travel between london and dover by the mail?
it is a payment made to a man to exercise normal ability, in an abnormal situation.
she showed us with simple pride and affection and restrained grief his picture.
such apparently slight causes destroyed greece and rome, and will destroy england and america.
it kept a certain needed rigidity in a time when law threatened to become wholly fluid.
but mrs. gummidge was not the only person there who was unusually excited.
the above difficulty, that b must have passed c at some time between two consecutive moments, is a genuine one, but is not precisely the difficulty raised by zeno.
i put it down, to think about it; and took it up again, to read it once more; and was still pursuing it, when traddles found me in the height of my perplexity.
there is little atmosphere and a lack of that humor that softens the contours of controversy.
and now they are partners, said i. confound him!
put the case that this was done, and that the woman was cleared.
his old simple character and good temper, and something of his old unlucky fortune also, i thought, smiled at me in the smile with which he made this explanation.
the objection likely to be made to this argument, would probably take some such form as the following.
we are in the tower, the top story of the lighthouse, interior scene.
what a man needs and so seldom gets for that sum is good, wholesome, appetizing food, quickly served.
the last man i should have expected to see in that place of porter at miss havishams door.
your manner, which i must say does not seem intended to propitiate, induces me to think it possible.
i suppose theres no harm in going after such a thing to-day, says he.
then, mr. pip, one of those two prisoners sat behind you tonight.
old alumni say that it was a thrilling sight to see gawaine charging across the field toward the dummy paper dragon which had been set up for his practice.
no, that aint likely at all.---i wonder, if she was to die, whether shed leave davy anything?
that day has shone this long time, annie, said the doctor, and can have but one long night, my dear.
her brother took a book sometimes, but never read it that i saw.
would i find out that boy that had fed him and kep his secret, and give him them two one pound notes?
each of them was lying on at least four chairs, and had a large rough jacket on.
hatches, coal, a huge column of solid water go skyward in a hurtling mass to fall in torrent on the bridge.
again and again it rose and fell, like the waves of ocean.
miss skiffinss brother conducted the negotiation.
you know, pip, replied joe, as you and me were ever friends, and it were looked forard to betwixt us, as being calclated to lead to larks.
if you are understood you are popular; if you are popular you are no scholar.
so the alligator comes out of the mud with quakings of the earth.
this third interchange of the christian name was completed at the moment when madame defarge put her toothpick by, kept her eyebrows up, and slightly rustled in her seat.
then, it faltered, as if much surprised, and uttered my name, and i cried out, estella!
what a delightful and magnificent entertainment, steerforth!
quite my opinion, said drummle, and what i should have suggested myself, or donemore likelywithout suggesting.
does the christian religion tend to make a man act on his own original ideas?
they were polite, they admitted the justice of her stand, but they were evasive.
why should i dread your doing your worst to all about you?
we have not so far considered what is the nature of the initial stimulus to a behaviour-cycle.
he must know its exact nature before he can be allowed to proceed with the development.
in the following paragraphs professor thomas r. lounsbury of yale university criticizes the use of final e in english words.
when you have once made your capital, you have nothing to do but employ it.
oh, you know, deuce take it, said this gentleman, looking round the board with an imbecile smile, we cant forego blood, you know.
of course it might be doubted whether we are quite certain that there is nothing outside to interfere, but this is not the interesting doubt.
peggotty had an angry answer ready, i could see; but she swallowed it for my sake, and remained silent.
when we see the sun set, we expect that it will rise again the next day.
why, daisy, what a rare old bachelor you are here!
modern logic, as i hope is now evident, has the effect of enlarging our abstract imagination, and providing an infinite number of possible hypotheses to be applied in the analysis of any complex fact.
this is what i had to say; and what i say, i mean to do!
he exclaimed, starting out of his silence with a burst, and taking his seat at the table.
when we had dined, we went upstairs again, where everything went on exactly as on the previous day.
we are walking to the fangs awaiting us somewhere among the great, silent trees.
these are some of the few worries that attach to the care of sensitive and delicately brought up girls that the boys' camp never knows.
in the hurry and bustle of a business world, which is the life of this continent, it is not easy to train first-class students.
the policemen in the district all belonged to the league, and instead of suppressing the fights, they sold tickets for them.
in this prison that i am going to so unjustly, shall i have some free communication with the world outside?
the fact that a man, woman, or child has figured in the day's news does not necessarily mean that a writer is entitled to exploit such a person's private affairs.
write a similar criticism on any of the following subjects: the presidency of theodore roosevelt.
i divined that my coming had stopped conversation in the room, and that its other occupants were looking at me.
still, the coincidence of our being together on the coach, was sufficiently strange to fill me with a dread that some other coincidence might at any moment connect me, in his hearing, with my name.
i want, she said, to pursue that subject you mentioned to me when you were last here, and to show you that i am not all stone.
so they staggered on with the awful load.
the professional business of mr. waterbrooks establishment was done on the ground-floor, and the genteel business (of which there was a good deal) in the upper part of the building.
it is when the most of the life-boats are gone we realize fully the gallant service of the destroyers.
far more comfortable here, than ever i was outside.
so many autumn, ay, and winter days, spent outside the town, trying to hear what was in the wind, to hear and carry it express!
neglecting, therefore, for the present, the question of its physical adequacy, let us devote ourselves merely to considering its possibility as a formal statement of the nature of motion.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
when he had once more laughed heartily, he became meek again, and told me that the moment he began to realize capital, it was his intention to marry this young lady.
to be able to identify an oriental rug as a particular kind of persian, indian, turkish, turkoman, caucasian or chinese weaving is somewhat more of an accomplishment.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
and the roads of the world will become as veins which will carry the best of the worlds blood to my threshold.
they both spoke as if she were ill; in a soft, suppressed tone that was plainly heard, although it hardly rose above a whisper.
it is to be supposed that the earliest parts are those that have faded most from their original force, while the latest parts are those that retain their full sensational character.
my old pain has given me a power that has brought us through the barrier, and gained us news of charles there, and brought us here.
i concluded in my own mind that she was about thirty years of age, and that she wished to be married.
steeped in misery and despair as he was, merely to walk down the street was to be put upon the rack.
it had an official look, however, and there was nothing merely ornamental to be seen.
the technical aspects of these topics will interest readers of farm journals; the more popular phases of them make a wide general appeal.
mr. clark wired for a chicago specialist and paid all expenses out of his own pocket.
i know i have done nothing to raise myself in life, and that fortune alone has raised me; that is being very lucky.
i feel, said miss pross, as if there had been a flash and a crash, and that crash was the last thing i should ever hear in this life.
in the evening there was rowing on the river.
probably it is through provis that you have received the explanation of magwitchin new south wales?
she is not afraid to exhibit herself to them.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
it would be much more commendable to be somebody elses enemy, said the gentleman; far more natural.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
then i turned and raised my eyes to his, and he, too, colored deeply as he took my hand.
but the attempts which have been made in this direction are not encouraging.
i ran to him--as well as i know, to repeat my appeal for help.
she began to help my mother next morning, and was in and out of the store-closet all day, putting things to rights, and making havoc in the old arrangements.
it was not fit work for a woman, handling fourteen-pound cans all day.
you need not be too stiff-necked toward a book, need not deny for the mere sake of denial, but you do need to stand off and regard every book with reasonable caution.
but dont you fret yourself on that score.
yes, said i, i am going over to canterbury.
it was the one she had worn at her bosom.
the look-out was kept, long after all was still again and the two steamers were gone; but everybody knew that it was hopeless now.
what did she propose to herself, i should like to know!
he makes tremendous rows,roars, and pegs at the floor with some frightful instrument.
i was so confounded by the alteration in him, that at first i could only observe him in silence, as he stood leaning his head upon his hand, and looking gloomily down at the fire.
accordingly, when mr. peggotty came home about nine oclock, this unfortunate mrs. gummidge was knitting in her corner, in a very wretched and miserable condition.
in about six weeks or two months from now, therell be one sailing--i see her this morning--went aboard--and we shall take our passage in her.
and every few years a new lot is laid down and run over; so that, if some have the pleasure of riding on a rail, others have the misfortune to be ridden upon.
it is very easy for an author to think that what interests him and his immediate circle will appeal equally to people in general.
such a vehicle combined the potentiality of moving from fifty to seventy-five tons of freight daily, according to routing and the number of hours employed; but it involved a daily expense of twenty-five dollars.
i'll be busted in one week more, sure thing--word of honor.
where the road ascended the mountain--a narrow cut between dark, pointed firs and swaying white-limbed birches--the way was slushy with melting snow.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
there are reasons why i must say no more of that.
these problems are quite distinct from those with which we have been concerned in the present lecture, and i shall not deal with them until a later stage.
when your rubbers begin to break repair them on the inside with plaster cut to fit.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
on the other hand rule and form with no margin of application have been the main reliance of periods of stability.
quite alarmed at being the only recipient of this untimely visit, and the only spectator of this portentous behaviour, i exclaimed again, pray tell me, miss mowcher, what is the matter!
or how can the answer be known to be satisfactory, if the objectors have no opportunity of showing that it is unsatisfactory?
for what the fourth of july is to the war and navy departments, and what labor day is to the department of labor, arbor day is to the department of agriculture.
cried mr. pocket, in an outbreak of desolate desperation.
in the desert, spirituous liquors excite only disgust.
sensations come through sense-organs, while images do not.
then, again, get yourself into a mechanical and repetitive mood: be thinking of anything at all but your mowing, and be anxious only when there seems some interruption to the monotony of the sound.
was it in that year that the man appeared, sir?
mrs. waterbrook repeatedly told us, that if she had a weakness, it was blood.
upon this, traddles and i both struck in at once.
the change consisted in the appearance of strange faces of low caste, rather than in the disappearance of the high caste, chiselled, and otherwise beautified and beautifying features of monseigneur.
peggotty at her needlework was as much at home with st. pauls and the bit of wax-candle, as if they had never known any other roof.
she asked, in a low voice of astonishment.
tea-time, and miss pross making tea, with another fit of the jerks upon her, and yet no hundreds of people.
in order to understand a sentence, it is necessary to have knowledge both of the constituents and of the particular instance of the form.
i go with the same set of girls that i did while i was in college.
the pity in their eyes did not move her, because she was not in the least interested in what they thought, but in how they looked and what they wore.
even now, he put his hand in his coat-pocket as soon as he could disengage it, and seemed relieved when he had got it safe back.
surely not more warmth of the same kind, as more and richer food, larger and more splendid houses, finer and more abundant clothing, more numerous incessant and hotter fires, and the like.
she gave me a triumphant glance in passing me, as if she rejoiced that my hands were so coarse and my boots were so thick, and she opened the gate, and stood holding it.
there never would have been anything the matter, if it hadnt been for that old animal, said my aunt, with strong emphasis.
it is for no particular item in the tax-bill that i refuse to pay it.
sit where i can see you when i am swore to, for the last o many times, and i dont ask no more.
what if he had been in haste, or had been driven off by the queen's yellow-jacketed soldiers?
instantly, miss skiffins stopped it with the neatness of a placid boxer, took off that girdle or cestus as before, and laid it on the table.
when they ventured to hint at this, the agent's reply was that the purchasers would be moving in shortly.
why, no, thank you; this is a private visit to yourself, mr. lorry; i have come for a private word.
you see, he said, wiping his head, and breathing with difficulty, she hasnt taken much to any companions here; she hasnt taken kindly to any particular acquaintances and friends, not to mention sweethearts.
why, i wrote from portsmouth to a person in london, for particulars of your address.
this mode of thinking is to be found in all professions and is a result of habitual application of the rules of an art until they are taken for granted.
it is necessary to prove, generally, that by being known, things are shown to be mental.
we can now give a statement of the experienced facts concerning the blue spectacles, which will supply an interpretation of common-sense beliefs without assuming anything beyond the existence of sensible objects at the times when they are sensible.
in such a day, in september or october, walden is a perfect forest mirror, set round with stones as precious to my eye as if fewer or rarer.
she had on a hat with a bird upon it, juozapas added, and a long fur snake around her neck.
no more than you could charm me by your smiles, you purchased slave.
ah, but he would be well content to precipitate himself over the hill-side once again, as on the evening when he and i first encountered, close to the same spot!
david, seven years younger, spent his evenings and spare time in his uncle's shoe shop or in the village blacksmith shop, listening to his elders talk over the affairs of the world.
if you do, you son of a-- hissed the butler, i'll mash in your face for you before you get out of here!
we shall examine the three now, briefly, in the order named.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
this, it need hardly be said, is a crude and unscientific method of denoting pronunciation.
no wonder, then, the tip forms the nub of the situation.
it is impossible to be gentler, herbert.
of their whispering, as we pass, what a youthful couple we are, and what a pretty little wife she is.
the essay does not deny the shadows; it rather believes in riding up to the guns with a smile and the gesture of courtesy.
thats a settler for our military friend, at any rate, said my aunt, on the way home.
endlessly the dancers swung round and round--when they were dizzy they swung the other way.
the nature of our punishment, if it be discovered, is not for the human heart to ponder.
he asked me, with his head on one side, and not looking at me, but looking in a listening way at the floor.
the unifying and centralizing of the character will be accomplished through discovering the fundamental nature.
monseigneur received him in a courtly manner, but they did not shake hands.
on steerforths replying in the affirmative, she pushed a chair against it, and begging the assistance of my hand, mounted up, pretty nimbly, to the top, as if it were a stage.
i saw him then, messieurs, began the mender of roads, a year ago this running summer, underneath the carriage of the marquis, hanging by the chain.
he has never said a word to me about it.
almost fearing, without knowing why, to come in view of the forge, i saw it at last, and saw that it was closed.
jurgis gave vent to a cry of dismay, cut off suddenly by the policeman, who seized him by the collar.
at first i thought it quite hopeless, but i have unquestionably seen, for a single moment, the face that i once knew so well.
i go on duty soon, and can't overstay my time.
so i went outside, and sat down in the shade in a corner.
it appeared, under the circumstances, rather agreeable to him to see the common people dispersed before his horses, and often barely escaping from being run down.
that i cannot wish to renew that chance intercourse with you of long ago, under these different circumstances.
it certainly had not occurred to me before, but i said, yes, i should like that.
i have lifted it for a moment, even in this narrative, with a reluctant hand, and dropped it gladly.
the rest of his income is in the form of tips.
and he can make his smile senatorial or ambassadorial--a long time in advance.
i recollect saying with my own lips that i was much too umble.
he forgot how he himself had been blind, a short time ago--after the fashion of all crusaders since the original ones, who set out to spread the gospel of brotherhood by force of arms.
oh, i am not as good a girl as i ought to be.
they have come to have a peep at london.
the summer, in some climates, makes possible to man a sort of elysian life.
in this statement, to my mind, dunlap concedes far more than james did in his later theory.
however, as it must be done, i went down, after two or three false starts half-way, and as many runs back on tiptoe to my own room, and presented myself in the parlour.
for newspaper illustrations it is desirable to have prints with a stronger contrast between the dark and the light parts of the picture than is necessary for the finer half-tones and rotogravures used in magazines.
and so jurgis became a workingman once more; and straightway he sought out his old friends, and joined the union, and began to root for scotty doyle.
is an interesting and difficult one, to which every philosophy which is not purely sceptical must find some answer.
all the sensitive feelings it wounded so cruelly, all the shame and misery it kept alive within my breast, became more poignant as i thought of this; and i determined that the life was unendurable.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
they brought about ten thousand head of cattle every day, and as many hogs, and half as many sheep--which meant some eight or ten million live creatures turned into food every year.
so, as the evening waxed, and the crowd piled in, the meeting was a sight to be seen.
yet the soul of ona was not dead--the souls of none of them were dead, but only sleeping; and now and then they would waken, and these were cruel times.
we cannot have visual sensations in the dark, or with our eyes shut, but we can very well have visual images under these circumstances.
i felt so sleepy, that i knew if i lost sight of anything for a moment, i was gone.
they sank the box in deep water very cautiously, and then rowed slowly back to land, holding one end of the wire.
what did he call me, with my husband standing by?
what sort of bundle i looked like, i dont know, but i felt a very hot one.
you are the young lady just now referred to?
after the delivery of this communication, which he shot out of himself as if he were loaded with it, mr. dick sat down with greater gravity than usual, and looked at me.
if you have a suspicion in your own breast, keep that suspicion in your own breast.
a third dangles from the after fall, having shot her manning out at parting of the forward tackle.
better if the country be real, and he has walked every foot of it and knows every milestone.
wemmick pervaded it throughout, but never appeared in it.
i conceived the idea that the time when the banns were read and when the clergyman said, ye are now to declare it!
mrs. gummidge did not appear to be able to cheer up.
it appeared to me that i could do no better than secure him some quiet lodging hard by, of which he might take possession when herbert returned: whom i expected in two or three days.
he was an absent-minded person with a mathematical imagination.
this was suggested first by economists who deduced property from the economic nature of man as a necessity of the economic life of the individual in society.
this time, i made the tour of little britain, and turned into bartholomew close; and now i became aware that other people were waiting about for mr. jaggers, as well as i.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
the definition which follows makes clear the origin of the mechanical engineer, and by showing what he does, what need there was for him, what lack he fills, makes clear what he is.
he mentioned to me as a secret, that he is courting a young lady who has, as no doubt you are aware, a bedridden pa.
then, as jurgis scrambled to his feet again and started round the counter after him, he shouted at the top of his voice, help!
come fresh up to the lessons, i advise you, for i come fresh up to the punishment.
i had ample leisure to refine upon my uneasiness: for steerforth was at oxford, as he wrote to me, and when i was not at the commons, i was very much alone.
i asked, recoiling from the brute, as wemmick spat upon his eyebrow and gave it a rub with his sleeve.
of the military, the officer commanding, some few of his juniors, a group of other ranks, stand by.
i think that was our attitude, although we did not admit it.
and sometimes, as we were running gaily across the cathedral yard together, expecting to meet nobody, we would meet mr. jack maldon, who was always surprised to see us.
she said, looking round at me, with a mingled expression of rage and grief.
over and over and over again, we would make these journeys, and sometimes they would last as long as three hours at a stretch.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
what exists in us consists of various factors, some open to external observation, others only visible to introspection.
such thorough meeting of all demands might well occur in an analysis of trades-unions, or methods of heating houses, or such subjects.
muttered uriah, i would do a good deal for you if you could tell me, without lying, that somebody had cut it out.
it may perhaps then be possible to pare away what is superfluous in our hypothesis, leaving a residue which may be regarded as the abstract answer to our problem.
i should have been quite crushed without him.
we all went together, she before us: and a glorious old room it was, with more oak beams, and diamond panes; and the broad balustrade going all the way up to it.
the perfect automatic stands in the garret with all its original varnish on.
above all, we cannot afford not to live in the present.
he caught himself against the wall, and put his hand to his forehead, staring about him, and whispering, jesus!
i had a new pride in my rooms after his approval of them, and burned with a desire to develop their utmost resources.
he would lie there and cough and cough, day and night, wasting away to a mere skeleton.
a tartar, said the man with the wooden leg.
i said it was delightful, and i dare say it was; but it was all dora to me.
the physiologist can discover that both depend upon the nervous system, and he may find that the movements which we call voluntary depend upon higher centres in the brain than those that are reflex.
she was pretty enough to have been married long ago.
by courtesy of the publishers, the century company, new york city.
an unusual prediction is another form of striking statement.
the lady whom i had never seen before, lifted up her eyes and looked archly at me, and then i saw that the eyes were estellas eyes.
we shall know that the almost perfect state is here when the kind of old age each person wants is possible to him.
is the article predominantly narrative, descriptive, or expository?
in this case we can strengthen the verification by writing down beforehand the words which we expect to find.
there would be no consideration for him because of his weakness--it was no one's business to help him in such distress, to make the fight the least bit easier for him.
for many weeks i met no one in my walks but those who came occasionally to cut wood and sled it to the village.
the people had come in hordes; and old durham had squeezed them tighter and tighter, speeding them up and grinding them to pieces and sending for new ones.
in the stage of equity and natural law the prevailing theory of the nature of law seemed to answer the question as to its end.
all legally recognized interests of substance in developed legal systems are normally individual interests.
what is true of animals, as regards instinct and habit, is equally true of men.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
as if mr. lorry had not known it for a fact, years ago, in the quiet corner in soho, that this precious brother had spent her money and left her!
say it might occupy you (including breakfast on the walk) from eight to twelve.
but my standing possessed of only three-halfpence in the world (and i am sure i wonder how they came to be left in my pocket on a saturday night!)
it was seldom he got as fair treatment as from this last farmer, and so as time went on he learned to shun the houses and to prefer sleeping in the fields.
besides, i shall be one-and-twenty in no time almost.
then he wanted me to come--to that house.
a man of the unquestionable force of m. zola spends himself on technical successes.
we allow england's failure to solve an insoluble irish problem to arouse in us an attitude of mind possibly excusable in some irishmen, but wholly inexcusable in any american.
i have no wish to deny it, nor even to declare that the insight which reveals it is not a genuine insight.
under the weight of my wicked secret, i pondered whether the church would be powerful enough to shield me from the vengeance of the terrible young man, if i divulged to that establishment.
such numbers, therefore, may be called non-inductive.
it is always as the good patriot says, observed the functionary.
other seven faces there were, carried higher, seven dead faces, whose drooping eyelids and half-seen eyes awaited the last day.
the whole scene starts out again in the vivid colors of the moment, down to the drops of april rain on the windows of the court, glittering in the rays of april sun.
in that case we say that the image or word means that object.
but on seeing me come in too, she got up, and rubbing her hands made a confused sort of half curtsey.
he looks into the first of them: not there.
after a blank, i found that i was lying unbound, on the floor, in the same place, with my head on some ones knee.
i was standing close to him, looking at him; and still, with a heavy brow, he was lost in his meditations.
the wigged gentleman sitting opposite, still looking at the ceiling of the court.
we must see that the world is rough and surly, and will not mind drowning a man or a woman, but swallows your ship like a grain of dust.
you come over the big hill pike until you reach west pinnacle.
in fact, we ask, in any given case, does this work do what such a thing is supposed to do, does it have the qualities that such a thing is supposed to have?
under the most splendid house in the city is still to be found the cellar where they store their roots as of old, and long after the superstructure has disappeared posterity remark its dent in the earth.
safes, and such things, answered the other.
i obey the first clause of the injunction by trying once more, but am not so successful with the second, for i am very stupid.
on the contrary, even opinions lose their immunity, when the circumstances in which they are expressed are such as to constitute their expression a positive instigation to some mischievous act.
the first depends more on the light, and follows the sky.
in any case marija would bring back a huge pocketful of cakes and sandwiches for the children, and stories of all the good things she herself had managed to consume.
also, wood is very expensive in france--for reasons that are engraven in letters of blood on the pages of history.
he walked on half dazed, without knowing where he went.
the south wind blew dora, and the wild flowers in the hedges were all doras, to a bud.
through the streaming streets my hansom leaped; and as i looked from the window, and noted the despondent biliousness of bethnal green, i realized that the grass withereth, the flower fadeth.
from these facts it is easy to deduce that the instants as we have defined them form a series.
i returned to my fireside, and was musing, half gravely and half laughing, on the character of mr. micawber and the old relations between us, when i heard a quick step ascending the stairs.
it bore the words in the doctor's writing: charles is safe, but i cannot safely leave this place yet.
the heat three feet away was enough to make sand melt and run like water, but i was not unpleasantly warm.
hed no more heart than a iron file, he was as cold as death, and he had the head of the devil afore mentioned.
sometimes you will choose only one, and sometimes you will combine.
now the whole set--i mean the chambers--is only three rooms; but sophy arranges for the girls in the most wonderful way, and they sleep as comfortably as possible.
sensations which have their physiological cause in the brain only, not also in the sense-organs and the nerves that run from the sense-organs to the brain.
and as i stood on the flags of cockspur street, i think i understood the silence of those grim men.
pursuing the subject, i inquired, didnt you ever go to school, joe, when you were as little as me?
if your language be jargon, your intellect, if not your whole character, will almost certainly correspond.
only the cold is so bad--it's terrible coming home at night, jurgis.
as emly wishes of it, and as shes hurried and frightened, like, besides, ill leave her till morning.
brief and powerless is man's life; on him and all his race the slow, sure doom falls pitiless and dark.
after another absence, he again returned.
there was an execution put into our house, for rent.
and this old common-sense view she labored to impress upon jurgis, pleading with him with tears in her eyes.
it is important to be clear as to the part which does not consist of beliefs.
on our way back, my aunt informed me how she confidently trusted that the life i was now to lead would make me firm and self-reliant, which was all i wanted.
i chose the night for the journey, that there might be less curiosity when i left the town.
it was the first time it had ever been so complimented, and madame defarge knew enough of its antecedents to know better.
a purely logical process, exactly analogous to genuine interpretation of a legislative rule, will yield the appropriate conception from given premises or discover the appropriate principle from among those which superficially appear to apply.
but that does not hinder the government of mediocrity from being mediocre government.
i may remember my breakfast this morning, my lecture last week, or my first sight of new york.
take me long with you, danl, take me long with you and emly!
it seemed, too, that mr. and miss murdstone had gone out upon a visit in the neighbourhood, and would not return before night.
on cooks return, man still argues point, but ultimately goes.
she knew that in me, sorrow could not be weakness, but must be strength.
we could not see our body nor feel it, and in that moment nothing existed save our two hands over a wire glowing in a black abyss.
there is a sundial in its courtyard, by which the council of the home can tell the hours of the day and when to ring the bell.
i think you would always improve, biddy, under any circumstances.
that then he had said, yes, he hoped so.
biddy was the wisest of girls, and she tried to reason no more with me.
in the middle of a sentence, however, jurgis stopped, seeing that the woman had brought a big basin of water and was proceeding to undress her youngest baby.
equity did not alter a jot or tittle of the law.
the aggressive one plunged into the connecticut woods and began his search for possible mosquito-breeding spots.
his father's one unpardonable offense was not dying early and so enlarging his son's income.
i knew it to be joes file, and i knew that he knew my convict, the moment i saw the instrument.
mr. wopsle died amiably at camberwell, and exceedingly game on bosworth field, and in the greatest agonies at glastonbury.
when jurgis would ask them what they meant, they would begin to get suspicious, and content themselves with saying, never mind, you stay here and see for yourself.
sensations, as a rule, have both physical and mental effects.
for a moment jurgis stood half-paralyzed with fright; then he bounded past the old woman and into the room.
the deed was not then accomplished, neither did he confide in me.
he could cut oranges into such devices as none of us had an idea of.
in this exercise he was truly impressive, for he had enormous strength as well as speed and grace.
how can you bear to trample on his undeserved affliction!
you shall not be oppressed by the receipt of favours, miss trotwood.
this kind of essay will try to lure you into words that seem poetic but really lie; beware that you tell the truth, for a sunset, glorious though it is, is still a sunset.
and all that i know, i retorted, you know.
her nerves were a little shaken, she said, or she would not have given way to it.
in the first place, the essential thing about space is spatial order, and mere points, by themselves, will not account for spatial order.
no metaphysical theory has prevailed to prevent the steady march of the law and of juristic thought in the direction of an objective doctrine of legal transactions.
a particular beauty of punting is that, more than any other sport, it brings you into personal contact, so to speak, with the landscape.
i recall the mysterious impenetrable solitude of the jungle, a solitude alive, if one is equipped with knowledge, with a ceaseless warfare of winged and crawling hosts.
you will catch that thrilling note in the oratory of lord morley at all times, for he touches politics with a certain spiritual emotion that makes it less a business or a game than a religion.
likewise by a most beautiful little girl (or i thought her so) with a necklace of blue beads on, who wouldnt let me kiss her when i offered to, but ran away and hid herself.
if ever theres a knock, ham (particler a soft knock), arter dark, at your aunts door, doent you go nigh it.
he did not seek it, but repeated them and went on.
but for the purposes of daily life many sequences are to all in tents and purposes invariable.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
she was exactly the same as ever, and the same immortal butterflies hovered over her cap.
said mr. omer, nodding his head retrospectively.
and then one saturday night he jumped off the car and started home, with the sun shining low under the edge of a bank of clouds that had been pouring floods of water into the mud-soaked street.
emly, he continued, will keep along with me--poor child, shes sore in need of peace and rest!--until such time as we goes upon our voyage.
the words which express our faith and piety are not definite; yet they are significant and fragrant like frankincense to superior natures.
in stormy weather they are sometimes of a dark slate color.
when he had nothing to do for the moment, he would stand round fidgeting, dancing, with the overflow of energy that was in him.
and not until we have done this are we at all ready to begin writing.
he had not thought of leaving--he had thought that the vision must last forever, that he had found comrades and brothers.
it was too good to last, however--like all things in this hard world.
that was amos struver; and then there was harry adams, the assistant clerk, a pale, scholarly-looking man, who came from massachusetts, of pilgrim stock.
it was a very obstinate sprain; the swelling would not go down, and the pain still continued.
i feared that some difference between him and his mother might have led to his being in the frame of mind in which i had found him at the solitary fireside.
he took out his pocket-handkerchief, and began wiping the palms of his hands.
in this building were also the medical offices, with a clinical laboratory and hydro- and electro-therapeutic equipment, and accommodations for from twelve to fifteen guests.
consider such a proposition as 'edinburgh is north of london'.
so this grim old women went on with her tale of horrors.
there was a light burning in the kitchen window and the blinds were drawn.
and when it come to speech-making, warnt it compeyson as could speak to em wi his face dropping every now and then into his white pocket-handkercher,ah!
to them also, on the whole, belongs professor john dewey, who, with james and dr. schiller, was one of the three founders of pragmatism.
nor was he; but, he had been expected with monseigneur.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
ten days of his thirty jurgis spent thus, without hearing a word from his family; then one day a keeper came and informed him that there was a visitor to see him.
the space of geometry and physics consists of an infinite number of points, but no one has ever seen or touched a point.
in an article for the encyclopdia the writer's reaction should be subordinated, since the reader comes to the encyclopdia for facts and not for opinion.
the purity men love is like the mists which envelop the earth, and not like the azure ether beyond.
they can, in many cases, be changed to suit individual experience, can be made either broader or more restricted.
she put her hand, which was a comfortable hand though roughened by work, upon my hands, one after another, and gently took them out of my hair.
i do not conceive that this discovery gave me much pain then.
but theres a little room in the roof--a very nice room, when youre up there--which sophy papered herself, to surprise me; and thats our room at present.
pip, said estella, casting her glance over the room, dont be foolish about its effect on you.
he passed his hand complacently over his bald head, and said with ostentatious resignation: my dear, we will not anticipate the decrees of fortune.
the victim never paused to ask where else jurgis could have gone under the circumstances--where he, the victim, would have gone.
the method employed appears to me hardly to fulfil the conditions of scientific experiment.
more of the neighbors had come in, and they stared at him in silence as he sank down upon a chair by the table and buried his face in his arms.
much of mr. russell's writing, in mathematical and philosophical fields, is above the head of the desultory reader; but so stimulating a paper as this one should not be neglected by the moderately inquisitive amateur.
any halfway measures, any timid poking about, any feeble attempts to reach their honey, are sure to be quickly resented.
the craving man on the jury rubbed his hands together, and restored the usual hand to his mouth.
miss shepherd makes a face as she goes by, and laughs to her companion.
if there must be such a shadow anywhere, i would keep it for the future in my own breast.
madame defarge received it as a compliment, and looked at her husband.
there we worked, revising mythology, rounding a fable here and there, and building castles in the air for which earth offered no worthy foundation.
how much have i to be thankful for, in mr. wickfields kind intention to give me my articles, which would otherwise not lay within the umble means of mother and self!
when i got nigh the place as i had been told of, i began to think within my own self, what shall i do when i see her?
the constitution was declaratory of principles of natural constitutional law which were to be deduced from the nature of free government.
i have not heard the particulars of my sisters death, biddy.
your poor sister is much the same as when you left.
he is estranged from our eldest son and daughter, he has no pride in his twins, he looks with an eye of coldness even on the unoffending stranger who last became a member of our circle.
you mustnt go a overdoing on it, but you must have your supper and your wine and water, and you must be put betwixt the sheets.
if its not in any way disagreeable to you, youll oblige me by doing the same.
billy, she said, pointing to jurgis, there's a fellow who came in to see his sister.
he puts her shawl about her and then his own coat.
be this as it may, i well remember the tremendous visages with which we used to go to church, and the changed air of the place.
narration and description are used effectively for the concrete examples and the specific instances by which we illustrate general ideas.
how much basis have you for making an estimate of the people of whom the following were said, if you limit your knowledge to the remark?
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
they survive as long as the soil is not exhausted.
the children would come to the yards with great shawls about their ears, and so tied up that you could hardly find them--and still there would be accidents.
it was by the finger-post at the end of the village, and i laid my hand upon it, and said, good-bye, o my dear, dear friend!
there may, of course, be some difference of opinion about the reading of a sonata or the interpretation of a symphony; but even these differences should be rare.
the beauty of its motionless and silent pictures is like the enchanted purity of late autumn, when the leaves, though one breath would make them fall, still glow against the sky in golden glory.
oh yes, sir, he is at home, said minnie; the weather dont suit his asthma out of doors.
take care of your chest and voice, my good friend, and leave the law to take care of itself.
herbert, who had been looking at the fire and pondering, here said that something had come into his thoughts arising out of wemmicks suggestion, which it might be worth while to pursue.
then the great caldron tilted back again, empty, and jurgis saw to his relief that no one was hurt, and turned and followed his guide out into the sunlight.
the great packing machine ground on remorselessly, without thinking of green fields; and the men and women and children who were part of it never saw any green thing, not even a flower.
the company had sent word to him that they would keep it for him--or rather jurgis had bribed one of the men to come one sunday afternoon and say they had.
the sort of interest with which this man was stared and breathed at, was not a sort that elevated humanity.
forasmuch as they hang in my memory by only this one slender thread, i dont know what they did, except that they forbore to remove me.
i couldn't spank that out of him either.
she had some faint hopes that his mediation might save charles, but they were very slight.
then, too, in the course of his round of news gathering a reporter sees more of human life under a variety of circumstances than do workers in any other occupation.
no foreign minister, it is safe to say, has ever done these things so successfully in the same space of time as mr. lowell.
they sign their names to articles; they receive big salaries; they are famous--as such fame goes.
it probably had never seen a man before; and it soon became quite familiar, and would run over my shoes and up my clothes.
nay, be a columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought.
every family that lived in it, some one was sure to get consumption.
they talk of the candle-power of an electric bulb.
the good doctor said she was nervous, and, to relieve her, proposed a round game at cards; of which he knew as much as of the art of playing the trombone.
i could not support being what is called bullied, sir.
belief in the unreality of the world of sense arises with irresistible force in certain moods--moods which, i imagine, have some simple physiological basis, but are none the less powerfully persuasive.
india rugs--floral designs photographed and copied.
i have never known what despair was, except in the tone of those words.
perhaps it may be possible to modify this notion of formal correspondence in such a way as to be more widely applicable, but if so, the modifications required will be by no means slight.
nor can it explain beliefs which do not issue in any proximate action, such as those of mathematics.
he fell into the habit of stealing out at night and engaging in long drinking bouts at the village tavern.
she said, when she had so far controlled the angry heavings of her breast, that she could trust herself to speak.
and so, while we do not go beyond general statements, it may be safely affirmed of these two metaphysical antagonists, that each is a good half but an impossible whole.
i think i like the weak ciders, such as those of the west and the normandy, better than the stronger ones,[j] and draught cider much better than bottled.
the tune across the yard that seemed as if it never had left off--alas!
yet if this were the case, it would be odd that people are so often mistaken as to what they desire.
every night there were stabbings and shootings; it was said that the packers had blank permits, which enabled them to ship dead bodies from the city without troubling the authorities.
but you are not english, said the wood-sawyer, though you wear english dress?
i have risen in a few months, over several heads.
all that i can hope to do is to make the problem felt, and to indicate the kind of methods by which a solution is to be sought.
so, leaving only one light burning on the large hearth, he let his thin gauze curtains fall around him, and heard the night break its silence with a long sigh as he composed himself to sleep.
she is small, while he is big and powerful; she nestles in his arms as if she would hide herself from view, and leans her head upon his shoulder.
after what you have said to me, i am sure i have got it.
the passenger would then start to himself, and lower the window, to get the reality of mist and rain on his cheek.
the whole difficulty of the subject lies in the necessity of thinking in an unfamiliar way, and in realising that many properties which we have thought inherent in number are in fact peculiar to finite numbers.
a month or two later jurgis had another interview with this same man, who told him where to go to register.
grey as he was--and a great-grandfather into the bargain, for he said so--i was madly jealous of him.
in a jiffy she had the money in solange's hand and had that admirable child cloaked and wooden-shod for the street, and fully informed as to what she was to buy.
if you live here tomorrow, ill have your story and your character proclaimed on the common stair.
there must be something for hope to feed upon.
i come to know, maam, whether he will keep his wured?
every distance, however small, is traversed by passing through all the infinite series of positions between the two ends of the distance.
it also has a rich intellectual connotation since it calls up many associated images.
the jason of western exploration writes as if he had passed his life in a library.
when he had drunk this second time, he rose from the bench on which he sat, and pushed the table aside.
it looks like him, i replied, as carelessly as i could.
you havent need to say so much, nor half so much, nor anything at all, observed uriah, half defiant, and half fawning.
much to the lad's disgust, the monster refused to charge and gawaine was obliged to walk toward him.
i was fond of wandering about the adelphi, because it was a mysterious place, with those dark arches.
from my earliest infancy she seems to have been always employed in that class of needlework, and never by any chance in any other.
he is called to the bar; and with admirable industry and self-denial has scraped another hundred pounds together, to fee a conveyancer whose chambers he attends.
irresponsibly he twists among his enemies, now drawing rein in the cross-country path of an angry bishop, now blowing his horn at the very drawbridge of the king.
demanded a resolute-looking man in authority, who was summoned out by the guard.
they looked at one another, as he used his blue cap to wipe his face, on which the perspiration had started afresh while he recalled the spectacle.
thus we get a third agency for restoring the balance in the form of systematic interposition of praetor or chancellor on equitable grounds, leading to a system of equity.
all these emotions had become strangers to the soul of jurgis; it was so long since they had troubled him that he had ceased to think they might ever trouble him again.
i thanked her heartily, and i thanked him heartily, but said i could not yet make sure of joining him as he so kindly offered.
what with women and wine and the excitement of his vocation, a man could afford to rest now and then.
the market for sitters was glutted that afternoon, however, and there was no place for jurgis.
even the work that is too heavy for us we have to study about, so that we can direct helpers when the time comes.
she was extremely gracious to peggotty, except when i inadvertently called her by that name; and, strange as i knew she felt in london, appeared quite at home.
say you said that, and even joseph will probably betray surprise.
this method is of great value in defining an idea which is often considered to mean what it actually does not.
he said a man was not to be insulted, then.
we may not arrive at our port within a calculable period, but we would preserve the true course.
he said to monseigneur, as he took his seat at table.
we have heard that there are many uncharted forests over the land, among the cities.
he had his hands behind him under the skirts of his riding-coat, and he stood at mr. cruncher's elbow as negligently as he might have stood at the old bailey itself.
he was very much in earnest, and he meant well, but jurgis, as he listened, found his soul filled with hatred.
thus in these subconscious picturings of the end of law it seems to be conceived as existing to satisfy a paramount social want of general security.
it is said they are difficult and not to be attained without pains and study; we may therefore reasonably conclude that, if such there be, they are confined only to the learned.
the impact was terrific and the head of the dragon flew away almost a hundred yards and landed in a thicket.
if we call up an image of a dog, we are very likely to have a vague image, which is not representative of some one special dog, but of dogs in general.
said mr. waldengarver, almost, if not quite, with patronage.
these testimonies to the popularity of my guardian made a deep impression on me, and i admired and wondered more than ever.
two hundred years later alexander the great invaded asia and conquered it, except the distant provinces of india and china.
napoleon is a complicated series of occurrences, bound together by causal laws, not, like instances of a word, by similarities.
the unlettered must ever love or hate what is nearest him, and, for lack of perspective, think his own fist the size of the sun.
as a general rule we do not want much encouragement to talk about ourselves; yet this little book[a] is the result of a friendly suggestion, and even of a little friendly pressure.
not much boiling down to be done to-night, memory, said mr. stryver, gaily, as he looked among his papers.
attracted in the fields by the bee-hunter's box, they will come up the wind on the scent and blunder into it in the most stupid, lubberly fashion.
no doubt they are prompted to this view, in the first place, by bias, namely, by the desire to think that they can know of the existence of a world outside themselves.
when this despondency was at its worst, i believed that i should die.
she seemed morose, preoccupied, almost impatient.
the feelings with which mankind now regard these lamentable transactions, especially the later of the two, render them extremely unjust in their judgment of the unhappy actors.
youd be but a fierce young hound indeed, if at your time of life you could help to hunt a wretched warmint hunted as near death and dunghill as this poor wretched warmint is!
my good handel, is it not obvious that with newgate in the next street, there must be far greater hazard in your breaking your mind to him and making him reckless, here, than elsewhere?
but it is not this that i mean to praise in saying that all philosophy is logic.
yet obviously the word 'in' has a meaning; it denotes a relation which holds between me and my room.
in some lights, viewed even from a hill-top, it is of a vivid green next the shore.
it used to astonish me when i had a neighbor who went through the drill with amusement, with zealous energy.
she knew no more than i did, where he was going, but she thought he had some project shaped out in his mind.
i relinquished these trees to them and visited the more distant woods composed wholly of chestnut.
the big problems which provoke philosophical inquiry are found, on examination, to be complex, and to depend upon a number of component problems, usually more abstract than those of which they are the components.
and i am sure that i never read any memorable news in a newspaper.
that was thursday; and all the rest of the week the killing gang at brown's worked at full pressure, and jurgis cleared a dollar seventy-five every day.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
she was not quite so self-possessed as usual, i thought; and had evidently undergone anxiety and fatigue.
but no doubt you are a good deal changed since then, sir?
they are natures watchmen,links which connect the days of animated life.
in the following lecture, i shall try to explain the true solution, which has been discovered by the mathematicians, but nevertheless belongs essentially to philosophy.
anyhow, mr. wopsles roman nose so aggravated me, during the recital of my misdemeanours, that i should have liked to pull it until he howled.
so i laughed, and he laughed, and we parted the best friends possible.
he has not staggered the world yet, either; for it goes on (as well as i can make out) pretty much the same as if he had never joined it.
and you have reared the boy, with the intention of taking him for your apprentice; is that so, mr. gargery?
last night, on being childishly solicited for twopence, to buy lemon-stunners--a local sweetmeat--he presented an oyster-knife at the twins!
it was called mill pond bank, chinkss basin; and i had no other guide to chinkss basin than the old green copper rope-walk.
marija and jonas were each to pay sixteen dollars a month board, and the old man insisted that he could do the same as soon as he got a place--which might be any day now.
last night the waiter put the celery on with the cheese, and i knew that summer was indeed dead.
many different criticisms might be passed on this argument, but we will content ourselves with a bare minimum.
the papers read before the annual meetings of the scientific societies, and for the most part unnoticed by the press, contain more dynamite than was ever discovered in any anarchist's shop.
one would not suppose there were so many trucks on the face of the earth.
this question of the distinction between act and object in our apprehending of things is vitally important, since our whole power of acquiring knowledge is bound up with it.
i stammer, with a bow, with you, miss larkins.
and the assimilation is still proceeding.
i have risen from my umble station since first you used to address me, it is true; but i am umble still.
his unpopularity with the blackguard multitude at the moment prevented my following his remains, but i helped to lay him in his coffin.
do you suppose, said i, constraining myself to be very temperate and quiet with him, on account of agnes, that i regard miss wickfield otherwise than as a very dear sister?
o, sir, at another time you shall know my name, and who my mother was, and who my father, and how i never knew their hard, hard history.
under such a stress conservatism and caution were suicidal.
the success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
cried i, recalling one of the two girls i had seen when i first went there.
we have so asserted our station, both in the old time and in the modern time also, said the nephew, gloomily, that i believe our name to be more detested than any name in france.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
theers these here banknotes--fifty pound, and ten.
he can definitely tell from an outline of complete sentences what the course of thought is to be and what will be the tone of the theme.
gawaine found a dragon in the same meadow where he had killed the first one.
oh, the sirloin of old times, the sirloin which i can remember, thirty or forty years ago!
they resolve one's agitated and outraged soul, relieving it with some free expression for the accusing and questioning thoughts engendered by the day's affairs.
part of our recklessness in these opening moves consists in our confidential revelations to each other of all our plans and disquieting problems.
why dont you cry again, you little wretch?
when there was nothing else to be done with a thing, they first put it into a tank and got out of it all the tallow and grease, and then they made it into fertilizer.
now a fact, in this sense, is never simple, but always has two or more constituents.
this is a handsome concession of the utilitarians to ordinary sight-seers.
if the green and yellow growth of weed in the chinks of the old wall had been the most precious flowers that ever blew, it could not have been more cherished in my remembrance.
they may be not static things, but processes, especially motions.
yes it is, said i, because i cannot bear that people should say, she throws away her graces and attractions on a mere boor, the lowest in the crowd.
he said, in a low voice, i shouldnt feel it natral, maam, to sit down in this house.
she saw me looking at it, and she said, you could drink without hurt all the strong beer thats brewed there now, boy.
it took fifty years to secure the approval of all the councils for the candle, and to decide upon the number needed, and to re-fit the plans so as to make candles instead of torches.
i come into the second-best parlour after breakfast, with my books, and an exercise-book, and a slate.
after a cold and snowy night it needed a divining rod to find it.
and if this is ever to be, how is it to be--what power is there that will bring it about?
with these words she embraced me hastily, and went out of the room, shutting the door after her.
that it makes only two main divisions is in no way indicative of its completeness; the question is merely, are all the qualities included under those two headings?
it comes about because the wise and subtle deities permit nothing worthy to be lost.
but a little practice will enable you to do the preliminary thinking with rapidity and comfort.
sometimes you, as it were, strike against them and stop their food, when they go on strike against yourself.
one would have supposed that it was i who was in danger, not he, and that he was reassuring me.
the case of memory, however, raises a difficulty, for it is notoriously fallacious, and thus throws doubt on the trustworthiness of intuitive judgements in general.
the hand he gave me was the hand i had bitten.
is the article of general or of local interest?
is it--eh?--because he thinks you young and innocent?
his genius is that of the essay in its purest distillation: a clear cross-section of life as seen through the lens of self; the pure culture (in the biological sense) of observing personality.
but this can only be regarded as a first approximation.
i have taken with fear and trembling to authorship.
so the fortnight slipped away, varied by nothing but the variation of the tide, which altered mr. peggottys times of going out and coming in, and altered hams engagements also.
if i believed it was his sorrow, i should not think of it at all.
this trenched upon the christian picture, and was dismissed.
but let us imagine some insistent socrates, who, whatever reason we give him, continues to demand a reason for the reason.
there were about forty of us, yet it took up our unequally distributed weight without disturbance.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
he left her so little leisure for being miserable, that she said next day she thought she must have been bewitched.
you shall see me at the head of women, by-and-bye.
it rests on the other hand upon duty to carry out formal undertakings.
she knew how much money she could spend and she proceeded to divide the work and money among several assistants coming in on different shifts.
it is interesting to note carefully mr. russell's views in this fine essay in connection with the fact that he was imprisoned by the british government as a pacifist during the war.
to a european this man sometimes is inexplicable--until he reads some illuminating setting forth of the facts as here.
take your time, and set about some free labor.
we rather thought, too, that the maid might despise us if we gave her the bedroom and took up our quarters under the rafters.
last night, traddles, with this journey before her, it was almost midnight before she came home.
indeed, english equity in the nineteenth century took subsequent action in reliance upon a promise of a gift to be a common-law consideration on the basis whereof the promise was specifically enforceable.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
you have quite made up your mind, said i to mr. peggotty, as to the future, good friend?
there was only one other event in this half-year, out of the daily school-life, that made an impression upon me which still survives.
he was so composed, that i fancied he must have some other meaning.
bring your sills up to the very edge of the swamp, then (though it may not be the best place for a dry cellar,) so that there be no access on that side to citizens.
id ha been glad to pison the beer myself, said the jack, or put some rattling physic in it.
angell suggests that the display of emotion in such cases may be due to past experience, generating habits which would require only the stimulation of cerebral reflex arcs.
make haste, sir, if you want to see her!
i have hardly mentioned the positive economies of co-operation.
of her waving her little hand, and our going away once more.
missing, extraneous, or incorrect punctuation has been corrected.
but then the cold began to strike through his clothes, and he started quickly away.
but to pursue this topic would lead us too far from our theme, and i shall therefore say no more about it at present.
she rolled up her knitting when she had said those words, and presently took the rose out of the handkerchief that was wound about her head.
no, said jurgis, but i've been in a railroad wreck and a fight.
one saturday night he did not come home, and thereafter all their efforts to get trace of him were futile.
it was not half written, when, in an interval of rest, i thought of returning home.
perhaps the blue color of water and ice is due to the light and air they contain, and the most transparent is the bluest.
one says fifty-four, the other says fifty-six.
and do you think i'm always going to elect republicans?
the making himself drunk, in a person whom drunkenness excites to do harm to others, is a crime against others.
what necessity in employing this method does your answer to the preceding question indicate?
she knew (she said) how such a nature as mine would turn affliction to good.
my uriah, said mrs. heep, has looked forward to this, sir, a long while.
it examines causes such as commercial demands, general prosperity, war, and only after this examination gives the work its estimate of value.
formerly it appeared that experience left only one kind of space to logic, and logic showed this one kind to be impossible.
in indian mysticism, in greek and modern monistic philosophy from parmenides onward, in berkeley, in modern physics, we find sensible appearance criticised and condemned for a bewildering variety of motives.
thank you, miss havisham, she returned, i am as well as can be expected.
and the boys is, of all such dispositions that ever i have seen, remarked his sister, the most confirmed and stubborn.
he was highly popular, and i found that he took the familiar department of mr. jaggerss business; though something of the state of mr. jaggers hung about him too, forbidding approach beyond certain limits.
'hangin' on the verge of starvation,' i says--'for the honor of the family--hic--sen' me some bread.
does what has passed between us give me any excuse for asking you a question relative to estella?
in conjunction with miss pross, he took immediate steps towards the latter precaution, by giving out that the doctor was not well, and required a few days of complete rest.
until he has learned to type his work accurately, he must have a good typist copy it for him.
but i--i saw only the ancestral mansion up the street, the big old house that had passed out of the hands of our family.
then marija and jonas were between them to take a third share in the house, which would leave only eight dollars a month for jurgis to contribute to the payment.
of course there was a public-house in the village, and of course joe liked sometimes to smoke his pipe there.
she spoke to me fur to tell him her trew story.
you may not recollect it; but when a person is umble, master copperfield, a person treasures such things up!
the story of his pure soul was exactly what mr. attorney-general had described it to be--perhaps, if it had a fault, a little too exactly.
i pressed his manly hand again, and told him i would charge myself to do this as well as i could.
i had been very happy there, i had a great attachment for the doctor, and i was eminent and distinguished in that little world.
if it persists after the other is over, it will also be later than the other.
this seemed to me to be a very satisfactory and therefore not at all improbable picture.
this is an ignorant, determined man, who has long had one fixed idea.
mrs. knefler explained to the mouthpiece (take it either way) that it would be quite useless; that the stand of the league was taken on mr.
what we know empirically about space and time is insufficient to enable us to decide between various mathematically possible alternatives, but these alternatives are all fully intelligible and fully adequate to the observed facts.
discovering one's racial or national loyalty.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
some relations, when they hold between a and b, also hold between b and a.
at half-past nine, gentlemen, said he, we must break up.
here they work out their own labor incomes and compare notes with their neighbors.
the other girl pushed her boy at the neck and literally threw him out.
here the bell rang, and we heard the sound of the visitors feet as they went out.
and the madame always gives them dope when they first come, and they learn to like it; or else they take it for headaches and such things, and get the habit that way.
both of these expressions mrs. crupp considered actionable, and had expressed her intention of bringing before a british judy--meaning, it was supposed, the bulwark of our national liberties.
we verify a scientific hypothesis indirectly, by deducing consequences as to the future, which subsequent experience confirms.
and i exclude the doing anything on commission, because commission is not a certainty.
he added the last words, after there had been a vivid flash which had shown him lounging in the window.
another relation with which we become acquainted in much the same way is resemblance.
i remained behind on purpose to see the boat completed.
do you want me then, said estella, turning suddenly with a fixed and serious, if not angry, look, to deceive and entrap you?
two more of his chief men, for want of room, pressed by and upon us; so that we were worse weary of our lodging than of our journey.
what he could save for the owners, he saved.
then it was as if a great wind had stricken the hall, for all the scholars spoke at once, and they were angry and frightened.
no apology, no retracting of the path; we must go on as if the consequences were part of our plan.
then tell wind and fire where to stop, returned madame; but don't tell me.
and jip must have a mutton-chop every day at twelve, or hell die.
it is a clean, airy room with big windows opening on the street, made gay with boxes of flowers.
and when we look thus without words, we both know other things also, strange things for which there are no words, and these things frighten us.
he needs to look at the topic from every angle.
kill me for being what i am, and having ever known her; but dont think that of me!
coming down the street toward him was a lady, well dressed, and protected by an umbrella; and he turned and walked beside her.
let it be removed when he is not there; let him miss his old companion after an absence.
it would be easy to say that, just as belief is one kind of feeling in relation to this content, so desire is another kind.
he went straight to the door, passed out, and started down the street.
indeed, it is this doubt and the uneasiness it sometimes causes me that has led me to our present confidence.
i am aware of that; and thats the reason why i insist upon it, that there shant be a word about it in his memorial.
that made the outlook better for the women's nine-hour bill, and thousands of working girls tumbled into bed, tired, but with new hope.
i laughed, and replied that i saw no suitable profession in the whole prospect; which was perhaps to be attributed to its flatness.
thus, through the reflection that it might have been, i arrived at the conviction that it could never be.
i am rather bare here, but i hope youll be able to make out tolerably well till monday.
to try to go deeper is not to be insensible.
whispered little lucie, drawing close to her.
which some individual, joe politely hinted, mentionedshe.
rathillet was attempted before fifteen, the vendetta at twenty-nine, and the succession of defeats lasted unbroken till i was thirty-one.
mr. dick looked hard at me, as if to identify me in this character.
said mr. cruncher, with signs of angry apprehension.
wemmick stood with his watch in his hand until the moment was come for him to take the red-hot poker from the aged, and repair to the battery.
we walked on, farther than we had walked yet, before he spoke again.
i dont mention it reproachfully, however, but with a motive.
i walked past the fountain twice or thrice before i descended the steps that were between me and my rooms, but i was quite alone.
dinner went off gayly, and although my guardian seemed to follow rather than originate subjects, i knew that he wrenched the weakest part of our dispositions out of us.
the two places associated with a single aspect correspond to the two ways of classifying it.
how many a summer hour have i known to be but blissful minutes to him in the cricket-field!
i am a lone lorn creetur, were mrs. gummidges words, when that unpleasant occurrence took place, and everythink goes contrary with me.
even to hear that you had such thoughts of a daughter who never existed, strikes to my heart as if i had been that child.
that the mother and father, unknown to one another, were dwelling within so many miles, furlongs, yards if you like, of one another.
it is very possible that it had been in my mind a long time, and had gradually engendered my determination.
what takes place may be a process of association of ideas, of imagining, or the like, but is not a process of judging.
the mill proprietor hooked a row of fingers under the rough stone and tried to lift it.
he was ignorant and they were wise; they had been everywhere and tried everything.
these chickens are fattened in wire-bottomed, sanitary coops, thus insuring absolute cleanliness, on a ration of meal, middlings and milk.
and it is not only book knowledge and journal knowledge, but a knowledge of men that is needed.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
i had begun to be always decorating the chambers in some quite unnecessary and inappropriate way or other, and very expensive those wrestles with barnard proved to be.
the only properties which science assigns to it are position in space, and the power of motion according to the laws of motion.
perhaps the bullet that killed theodore winthrop deprived us of our great novelist of the civil war, for he was on the right road.
to which he replied, the same, and then he asked me for a full account of myself and family.
mr. chillip could do nothing after this, but sit and look at her feebly, as she sat and looked at the fire, until he was called upstairs again.
it was occasioned, i suppose, by the reverend nature of respectability in the abstract, but i felt particularly young in this mans presence.
he found a large brownstone house of aristocratic appearance, and rang the basement bell.
they only talk of forgetting them who never knew them.
i followed her at a distance, and saw her go up the staircase.
this is a thoroughly efficient method when there is fish in the larder, and it is often successfully practised by children.
i was very merry, i know; but it was hollow merriment.
i have set all this down, in my present blissful chapter, because here it comes into its natural place.
if they couldn't do it, let them go somewhere else.
my sister, who had begun to be alarmingly meditative, had to employ herself actively in getting the gin, the hot water, the sugar, and the lemon-peel, and mixing them.
after the first meal nearly all the steel knives had been missing, and now every negro had one, ground to a fine point, hidden in his boots.
the woods grow steep above the slopes; they reach sometimes the very summit of the heights, or, when they cannot attain them, fill in and clothe the coombes.
the relation of resemblance, therefore, must be a true universal.
these are collected conveniently in kaltenborn, die vorlufer des hugo grotius.
i had not been mistaken in my fancy that there was a simple dignity in him.
but he that would save his life, in such a case, shall lose it.
i had reason to believe that in accomplishing these failures we incurred a far greater expense than if we had achieved a series of triumphs.
if i was to carry a half-hundred-weight upon it, all the way to putney, it would be up again the moment the weight was taken off.
in all things not provided for by general rules, those officers should be left to their own judgment, under responsibility to their constituents.
and now we have done, sydney, fill a bumper of punch, said mr. stryver.
in the absence of special knowledge, therefore, the method we have adopted is the only one which is safe, and which avoids the risk of introducing fictitious metaphysical entities.
i was down at the docks early this morning, sir, he returned, to get information concerning of them ships.
psychologically, a belief may be called derivative whenever it is caused by one or more other beliefs, or by some fact of sense which is not simply what the belief asserts.
trustful kashmir will advance from its remoteness to a place accessible from anywhere.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
he was striking all the time--there was war between him and society.
light as it was, i heard it fall like a plummet.
monseigneur, he was whiter than the miller.
the agony was almost over--he was going to find out; and he clenched his hands in his pockets as he strode, following his flying desire, almost at a run.
the bees had thus found a spring or a cistern in their own house.
well drink the daisies of the field, in compliment to you; and the lilies of the valley that toil not, neither do they spin, in compliment to me--the more shame for me!
nothing humanely great--great, i mean, as affecting a whole mass of lives--has come from reflection.
you didn't mean it, remarked the matter-of-fact miss pross, and therefore how could you know it?
i roamed from place to place, carrying my burden with me everywhere.
too many seconds or culls will throw any orchard venture on the rocks of bankruptcy.
said mrs. markleham, sinking on the sofa.
but when we think of our own desires, most people believe that we can know them by an immediate self-knowledge which does not depend upon observation of our actions.
if you get another fellow to walk into a wasp's camp, you can see him jump and hear him howl, but if you do not, then nothing at all happens.
it was a likely place to sell a jacket in; for the dealers in second-hand clothes were numerous, and were, generally speaking, on the look-out for customers at their shop doors.
the poor she had always with her, and was glad of it.
i returned, answering in our old school manner.
they called in physicians, and after seven months spent in making their diagnosis, they have prescribed for lawrence, and the town is alarmed to the point of taking their medicine.
(i redeemed that promise afterwards, in characters larger than those in which apartments are usually announced in manuscript, as being to let.)
then, you see, clara, returns miss murdstone, you should just give him the book back, and make him know it.
it is decidedly advancing towards the chinese ideal of making all people alike.
the starry heavens have one side for the astronomer, as astronomer, and another for the poet, as poet.
in heavens name, said i, firing in spite of myself, what does it matter to you where i am going?
this is a legal development of the extra-legal idea of custody.
i would advise you to set in the spade down yonder among the ground-nuts, where you see the johnswort waving.
when i approached carelessly and alarmed them, they made a sudden splash and rippling with their tails, as if one had struck the water with a brushy bough, and instantly took refuge in the depths.
i am therefore willing to believe that she was in a fit when we found her under the boiler; and that the deficient tea-spoons were attributable to the dustman.
it merely remains for me to substantiate these accusations; and then, with my ill-starred family, to disappear from the landscape on which we appear to be an encumbrance.
the sky is like a black sieve pierced by silver drops that tremble, ready to burst through.
my aunt retired behind the round green fan of former days, which was screwed on the back of a chair, and occasionally wiped her eyes, for about a quarter of an hour.
the hungry man repeated, in a rapturous croak, magnificent!
i hardly understood how this could have been, seeing that mr. micawber had paid them nothing at all as it was; but i did not like to ask.
we had a long chat by the fire before we went to bed.
of one such firkin i have a pleasant memory and memorial, though it never reposed in my home cellar.
it is the finest epic in human life, and all the great teachers and reformers who came after told the same story--christ, vishnu, confucius, mohammed, luther, shakespeare.
i giv the promise to emly, afore i come away.
the logical basis of the theory alone belongs to philosophy, and alone will occupy us to-night.
between manager peet and the inspector a scheme was worked out whereby every thursday was bargain day in market.
i demand of heaven, will he not come to deliver me?
often in a snow storm, even by day, one will come out upon a well-known road and yet find it impossible to tell which way leads to the village.
leibniz's conception of many possible worlds seems to accord much better with modern logic and with the practical empiricism which is now universal.
im sorry i should drive you there, said mrs. gummidge.
but it will be comfortable presently,it seems that the woman was a young woman, and a jealous woman, and a revengeful woman; revengeful, handel, to the last degree.
there were few buildings then, north of the oxford-road, and forest-trees flourished, and wild flowers grew, and the hawthorn blossomed, in the now vanished fields.
there is no man in this world on whom i could so rely for right guidance, as on you.
but images and bodily sensations are not so correlated.
in it you will find that becky thatcher was laura hawkins, which was my maiden name.
it is enough that you return straight to the conciergerie, and will know to-morrow.
then, tonight, we knew that we must escape.
he lies down at my feet, stretches himself out as if to sleep, and with a plaintive cry, is dead.
it costs me less in every sense to incur the penalty of disobedience to the state, than it would to obey.
well, i dont know, replied steerforth, coolly.
all photographs intended for reproduction by the half-tone or the rotogravure process should conform to certain requirements.
this was not the mode of thought of a period of growth but rather of one when growth had been achieved and the philosophical theory of a law of nature was called upon for a new kind of service.
but mr. jaggers brought her here, or sent her here?
graceland farm is also emphasized on letter heads.
before hume, rationalists at least had supposed that the effect could be logically deduced from the cause, if only we had sufficient knowledge.
his chinese house is by the fire; and he lies within it, on his bed of flannel, querulously trying to sleep.
his being my lawyer, and his being the lawyer of your patron is a coincidence.
it is always night there, and he is the only object in the scene.
we went to gerrard street, all three together, in a hackney-coach: and, as soon as we got there, dinner was served.
streetcar lines will no longer be a perplexity to paving authorities and anathema to other traffic; a single rail will be flush with the ground, out of the way of hoofs and tires.
he really had no breath to spare, and it was very alarming to see him laugh.
dullness is but another name for tameness.
and what thing is it to which i so glibly refer as i?
joe is a dear good fellow,in fact, i think he is the dearest fellow that ever lived,but he is rather backward in some things.
now you know all about it, syd, said mr. stryver.
there is a great cry now for woman's advancement.
which was, i suppose, as false a declaration as ever was made; for i was inwardly crying for her then, and i know what i know of the pain she cost me afterwards.
mr. micawber resumed his seat on the close of these remarks, and drank two glasses of punch in grave succession.
only one, and he a miserable creature, of a crazed aspect, is so shattered and made drunk by horror, that he sings, and tries to dance.
it would hardly be correct to say that getting born was the stimulus, and that my reply is a delayed response but in cases of memory this way of speaking would have an element of truth.
one may set to work to recall some piece of history one has been reading, and what one recalls is believed, although it probably does not cause any bodily movement whatever.
the problem which the above considerations are intended to elucidate is one whose importance and even existence has been concealed by the unfortunate separation of different studies which prevails throughout the civilised world.
hailing his softened tone and manner, his daughter fell upon her knees before him, with her appealing hands upon his breast.
sorry, he said, but the orders are every one but the servants.
this modesty of mine directed my attention to the marine-store shops, and such shops as mr. dollobys, in preference to the regular dealers.
i might have walked about the foot of the tree for threescore years and ten, and yet i certainly should never have seen them.
with this, we departed; leaving her standing by her elbow-chair, a picture of a noble presence and a handsome face.
to one who is thoroughly familiar with a method the whole process is so clear that he forgets how necessary it is to describe every step to readers unfamiliar with it.
the brooks sing carols and glees to the spring.
the purpose of government was the guarding of property-rights, the perpetuation of ancient force and modern fraud.
then he saw things in a different light, he got at the inside of them.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
this is not the place to discuss that problem.
well, said i, not desirous of more conversation, shall i go up to miss havisham?
i had previously seen the snakes in frosty mornings in my path with portions of their bodies still numb and inflexible, waiting for the sun to thaw them.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
the way to begin is to study first the rugs that have distinct or fairly constant characteristics.
the little picture was so instantaneously dissolved by our going in, that one might have doubted whether it had ever been.
i see, said the other, that's what i thought.
and now, in the evening, mr. wickfield, agnes, and i, went to have tea with him in his private capacity.
i recalled the hopeless circumstances by which she had been surrounded in the miserable little shop and the miserable little noisy evening school, with that miserable old bundle of incompetence always to be dragged and shouldered.
she did it gloomily until she came to ten, but when she got into two figures she became more hopeful, and, as the time advanced, even jocular.
she was betrothed to a good young man, too: a tenant of his.
famous clients of ours that got us a world of credit.
oh, its very well to say you wonder, edward!
one old frequenter of these woods remembers, that as he passed her house one noon he heard her muttering to herself over her gurgling pot,ye are all bones, bones!
so it was finally decided that two more of the children would have to leave school.
he brought great bundles of clothing here to his home, where he and his wife worked on them.
her utmost powers of expression (which were certainly not great in ink) were exhausted in the attempt to write what she felt on the subject of my journey.
in the fervour of this impression, i congratulated mr. micawber on the treasure he possessed.
dont let her throw it over my shoulders.
i detached the card, and i believe i have it to this day as my choicest (because quite unsolicited) testimonial.
miss mills, after some consideration, thus replied: mr. copperfield, i will be plain with you.
oh, indeed, master copperfield, said uriah.
he was near enough to the door to feel the night air, when desperation seized him.
did you ever breed any suffolk punches yourself, sir?
it was a terrible thing that she should have died as she had; but the life had been too hard for her, and she had to go.
if we would know whether or not it is desirable that a proposition should be believed, is it possible to exclude the consideration of whether or not it is true?
it missed its mark, and completely failed, as is often the way with his tribe too.
sometimes, also, the minor sections may have a different basis from the main one, a different principle of classification.
it convinces me that earth is still in her swaddling clothes, and stretches forth baby fingers on every side.
very brief is the time in which we can help them, in which their happiness or misery is decided.
o. henry's is the type of mind to which images like this four-in-hand and this palm room are presented in exhaustless abundance and unflagging continuity.
i hope mr. w. will repent, and miss w., and all of that sinful lot.
on the whole, i would recommend you to take to doctors commons kindly, david.
once when living in the cambridgeshire village mentioned earlier i had some, bottled in cambridge itself, of great age and excellence.
he cannot so readily comprehend a more general explanation unaccompanied by specific examples and graphic pictures of persons, places, and objects.
it is a vulgar error to suppose that you have tasted huckleberries who never plucked them.
aniele, marija, and the rest of the women were huddled about the stove, exactly as before; with them were several newcomers, jurgis noticed--also he noticed that the house was silent.
he made up his mind to go with me into the country, and the day arrived for our departure.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
the first caution is, do not take too much for granted on the reader's part.
furnaces and stoves will soon be lighted.
i entered and he swung it, and locked it, and took the key out.
i could not have borne to lose the smallest portion of her sisterly affection; yet, in that betrayal, i should have set a constraint between us hitherto unknown.
i had the conscience of an assassin, and was haunted by a vague sense of enormous wickedness.
and you quite a small party then, yourself.
and this goes on--it is systematic, organized, premeditated!
when he caught a man at this he fired him, but it chanced to be in a quiet corner, and the man tendered him a ten-dollar bill and a wink, and he took them.
two promises more months, to the number of twelve, had come and gone, and mr. charles darnay was established in england as a higher teacher of the french language who was conversant with french literature.
the reader, the arithmetic, the song book, that had so fascinated me until now, became suddenly sober exercise books, tools wherewith to hew a way to the source of inspiration.
they gently did away with the street, and the village, and the state in which he lived.
shall we forever resign the pleasure of construction to the carpenter?
considerations to aid his judgment, exhortations to strengthen his will, may be offered to him, even obtruded on him, by others; but he himself is the final judge.
and the visual appearance is filled out with feeling of what the object would be like to touch, and so on.
her hand passed softly before my lips while i was yet speaking, and in a moment she had met her father at the door of the room, and was hanging on his shoulder.
as he imparted this melancholy circumstance to wemmick, mr. jaggers standing magisterially before the fire and taking no share in the proceedings, mikes eye happened to twinkle with a tear.
but others were of heavier cloth, and they felt soft and new in our fingers.
he carried his problem and its possibilities to his friend, heinrich voelter, a master mechanic.
incandescent rainbows shone above it, blue, red, and golden lights played about it; but the stream itself was white, ineffable.
they both entered after me--the last springing in, after putting up the steps.
then the fire department has work to do.
when i handed her down to the door, there was a child, a pretty boy from two to three years old, in her carriage.
we can, broadly speaking, infer distant appearances from near ones, but not vice versa.
struts were pulled into position to hold her up, the motors were switched off, and the gyroscopes were left to run themselves down in forty-eight hours or so.
just as the conclusion may be dodged, so the strict laws of rhetoric may be winked at.
it remained for me to adapt myself to dora; to share with her what i could, and be happy; to bear on my own shoulders what i must, and be happy still.
do you suppose he has any money, traddles?
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
there happened to be no customer in the shop but jacques three, of the restless fingers and the croaking voice.
better not try to brew beer there now, or it would turn out sour, boy; dont you think so?
first of all there are the facts of the marching of american troops through london.
there she was gently muzzled with a piece of bandage, and the doctor examined her.
but paley appears never to have contemplated those cases to which the rule of expediency does not apply, in which a people, as well as an individual, must do justice, cost what it may.
later there was a pecuniary condemnation or, as we should say, a money judgment in all cases, enforced in the classical law by universal execution or, as we should say, by involuntary bankruptcy.
does gissing here allow his natural bias as an englishman to sway him too much?
the latter boat had been built especially for trips across the ocean and the former was taken from the cork and london line.
thus defarge of the wine-shop, still at his gun, which had long grown hot.
what i was chained to, and how heavily, became intelligible to me, as i heard his hoarse voice, and sat looking up at his furrowed bald head with its iron gray hair at the sides.
there are pen and ink and paper on this table.
late at night came elzbieta, having gotten the money for a mass, and paid for it in advance, lest she should be tempted too sorely at home.
in roman law this would have to take the form of a stipulation.
officers gallop hither and thither shouting commands.
he was terrified lest they should expect him to talk.
it is possible there was malice in this charge.
to show the influence of european travel.
it does not have the correlations with tactile sensations which it would have if it were a visual sensation and not merely a visual image.
he gasped, and made szedvilas translate question after question.
but shrewd inquiries as to the author's reputation, his opportunities for knowledge of the subject, and an ever-watchful eye for reasonableness and good judgment, will save you from many mistakes.
the news stands are each like a fair, so laden are they with magazines in bright colors.
social control secures these groups in the occupation of things which they have reduced to their possession.
it was in vain for me to say that no consideration was necessary.
if it is strong and active, on the other hand, allow it free play, only watching lest it may obscure the subject--for clearness is always first.
i pointed out the gateway, put my arm through his, and we went across.
and a wise man he must have been to think so!
thus the laws of logic supply the skeleton or framework within which the test of coherence applies, and they themselves cannot be established by this test.
it is to be a mono-rail world, soothed and assured by the drone of gyroscopes.
here she is attired in the flamboyant finery of a london flowergirl.
then it was found that other coniferous woods might be used to replace the rags, after being submitted to what is called the sulfite process.
i take her sternly from the side of captain bailey.
we spoke, with some approach to cheerfulness, of mr. peggottys growing rich in a new country, and of the wonders he would describe in his letters.
i felt some curiosity and excitement about this lady, especially as steerforth burst into a fit of laughing when i referred to her, and positively refused to answer any question of which i made her the subject.
the great mills were getting under way--one could hear a vast stirring, a rolling and rumbling and hammering.
but gawaine did not come back that night or the next.
it was a remarkable instance of want of forethought on the part of the ironmonger who had made mrs. crupps kitchen fireplace, that it was capable of cooking nothing but chops and mashed potatoes.
do it twenty or fifty times, and there is nothing special in your doing it the twenty-first or fifty-first.
yet old antanas would not quit; he saw the suffering of his family, and he remembered what it had cost him to get a job.
for what kind of reader do you judge that the following partition of the orchestra was written?
she sat sobbing and murmuring behind it, that, if i was uneasy, why had i ever been married?
you should attempt, then, to make one main thread, of however many colors it may be woven, rather than a series of parallel threads.
what was at first obedience to authority became a second nature, and the parsees to this day abstain both from beef and pork.
also the law of public utilities worked out standards of reasonable service, reasonable facilities, reasonable incidents of the service and the like.
there, monseigneur turned, and came back again, and so in due course of time got himself shut up in his sanctuary by the chocolate sprites, and was seen no more.
deep would have been the blot upon his escutcheon if his chocolate had been ignobly waited on by only three men; he must have died of two.
it was fine summer weather again, and, as i walked along, the times when i was a little helpless creature, and my sister did not spare me, vividly returned.
i am here, for the first and last time, to take him away.
every special feature writer has a great opportunity to furnish a large circle of readers with interesting and significant information.
it is not a sharp or definite conception, and in many cases it will be impossible to decide with any certainty what an image means.
hence he concluded that nothing can ever be known except what is in some mind, and that whatever is known without being in my mind must be in some other mind.
the rest of bergson's philosophy consists in reporting, through the imperfect medium of words, the knowledge gained by intuition, and the consequent complete condemnation of all the pretended knowledge derived from science and common sense.
striking results transformed into an intelligent, efficient striking statement american citizen, in this city, in two sentence to without interfering with the daily work avoid unwieldy sentence.
it was then that a sudden nameless fear seized me; it was that simple terror that comes from nothing but ourselves.
for a year or more i had endeavoured to find a satisfactory answer to her often-repeated question, what i would like to be?
you little thought, said mr. pumblechook, apostrophizing the fowl in the dish, when you was a young fledgling, what was in store for you.
while i did so, he stood at the table drinking rum and eating biscuit; and when i saw him thus engaged, i saw my convict on the marshes at his meal again.
if i betray weakness, you will know how to excuse me.
under a low shrub that has hospitably scattered its seed is a dainty, close-wrought embroidery of tiny bird feet in irregular curves woven into a circular pattern.
but i held to it, and the harder it was, the stronger i held, for i was determined, and my mind firm made up.
the tocsin rang impatiently, but other help (if that were any) there was none.
it were amost the only hammering he did, indeed, xcepting at myself.
a person like myself had better not aspire.
jip made a comfortable noise, in answer, a little like a tea-kettle when it sings.
to no inconsiderable extent this is america's own fault.
we awoke when a ray of sunlight fell across our face.
the plant itself is as well lighted and ventilated as a department store, and except in the immediate vicinity of the furnace there is no heat felt above the daily temperature.
i think it was over the kitchen, because a warm greasy smell appeared to come up through the chinks in the floor, and there was a flabby perspiration on the walls.
i kiss your hand, miss, said mr. lorry, with the manners of an earlier date, as he made his formal bow again, and took his seat.
this is a matter for the psychologist, and by no means an easy matter.
he was a man, and he would do his duty; he went and made application--but surely he was not also required to hope for success!
a historian of hearts is not a historian of emotions, yet he penetrates further, restrained as he may be, since his aim is to reach the wry fount of laughter and tears.
at last she shed tears on that subject, and said again that she was a lone lorn creetur and everythink went contrary with her.
but to be restrained in things not affecting their good, by their mere displeasure, develops nothing valuable, except such force of character as may unfold itself in resisting the restraint.
a man with a bloated face opened the strong wicket, to whom defarge presented the emigrant evremonde.
did you get nothing, traddles, after all?
they get what usually goes to feed the fire.
he was greatly fluttered by this unexpected address from a stranger, and replied, in his slow way, i thank you, sir, you are very good.
about a block away from them there lived another lithuanian family, consisting of an elderly widow and one grown son; their name was majauszkis, and our friends struck up an acquaintance with them before long.
she then smiled upon me in an absent state of mind, and asked me if i liked the taste of orange-flower water?
asked madame defarge, inquisitively raising her dark eyebrows.
i was very much surprised that mr. peggotty was not hams father, and began to wonder whether i was mistaken about his relationship to anybody else there.
then bring them here to dinner, i returned.
reform keeps many scores of newspapers in its service, but not one man.
for you cannot sarse the goose and not the gander.
then she turned out the contents of the bowl of money for the second time, and began knotting them up in her handkerchief, in a chain of separate knots, for safe keeping through the night.
the distance is thirty miles; the fare ninety cents.
my homage to miss wickfield, is a flight of arrows in my bosom.
this is the result of my experience in raising beans.
he promised to communicate with me, when anything befell him; and he slung his bag about him, took his hat and stick, and bade us both good-bye!
suppose the object in question is a friend's face.
he made the cottage smaller than it need have been, by being so very much out of proportion to it.
i wish for your sake mr. barsad was not a sheep of the prisons.
i thought i had never seen ham grin to anything like the extent to which he sat grinning at us now.
it was a stout pale pudding, heavy and flabby, and with great flat raisins in it, stuck in whole at wide distances apart.
i loved her, and i went on loving her, most absorbingly, entirely, and completely.
also he introduced jurgis to many of the other prisoners, nearly half of whom he knew by name.
mr. warner wrote a delightful series about gardening in which he makes fun--partly of himself, partly of nature.
you doent need to be so fearsome, and take on so much.
but isnt it a little--eh?--for him; i dont mean you?
leave this lad to me, maam; leave this lad to me.
it may be made the means of arousing interest in questions about which the average reader cares little.
oh, what ugly wrinkles in my bad boys forehead!
methinks i was nearly in this frame of mind; the world lay about at this angle.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
it was as soft as his own rag-made paper.
i asked him if he yet proposed to himself any time for going away.
i had gone direct to mr. jaggers at his private house, on my arrival over night, to retain his assistance, and mr. jaggers on the prisoners behalf would admit nothing.
it is interesting to note in fortescue an application of this to the rules of the common law in its stage of strict law.
she looked at him hastily, and for the first time, as if she were doubtful of what he had said.
certain ambiguities must be removed before this question can be adequately discussed.
it's not my affair, said he, with a final shrug of the shoulders.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company, boston.
cried the old man, throwing the jacket on a shelf.
gives freshmen and sophomores something to write about, and helps them in their writing.
coincident with the opening of wells of tears.
only the iron tracks glowed through it, straight and white, calling us to follow.
why, she sings ballads, sometimes, to freshen up the others a little when theyre out of spirits, said traddles.
if we have been right in our analysis of mind, the ultimate data of psychology are only sensations and images and their relations.
for it is inevitably impersonal, it looks at the thing perhaps coldly--at least without passion.
you may, from sheer perversity, utter them in a rich and sonorous baritone or bass.
such regulations would in general be no material impediment to obtaining the article, but a very considerable one to making an improper use of it without detection.
you may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
and on our answer will depend our judgment.
well, said my conductor to one of the three young women.
i really have been able, my dear copperfield, to do all that i had most at heart.
and then--it is very difficult to be wholly joyous or wholly sad on this earth.
yes, he would say, but what sort of men?
he hated kings, and he also hated the autocracy of the mob.
the dentist does not observe your ache, but he can see the cavity which causes it, and could guess that you are suffering even if you did not tell him.
our house stood at the corner of hill and main streets, and just a few doors west, on hill street, lived the clemens family.
remember your own home, in that second marriage; and never do both me and her the injury you have hinted at!
i looked in all directions, as far as i could stare over the wilderness, and away at the sea, and away at the river, but no house could i make out.
it will also be admitted that the reconstruction must take more account of change and the universal flux than is done in the older mechanics with its fundamental conception of an indestructible matter.
the prisoner turned his face partly aside.
not knowing what to do,for, in my astonishment i had lost my self-possession,i reluctantly gave him my hands.
and that there is not a chair in this house, in which a paper can be what i call, read, except one in the study.
the headmaster kept him at home when it rained, because he said the woods were damp and unhealthy at such times and that he didn't want the boy to run needless risks.
better than he thought,except the last clause.
and oh, the blessedness of toiling together for something greater and more important than either!
the closet whispered, the fireplace sighed, the little washing-stand ticked, and one guitar-string played occasionally in the chest of drawers.
more generally, however, the american variant of natural law grew out of an attempt at philosophical statement of the power of our courts with respect to unconstitutional legislation.
passing through the doorway the door smote him full, and the shriek which followed brought the dancing to a halt.
and there is many a man who avers that never elsewhere has there been such a servant as a good negro servant.
meantime the dog has taken up the struggle for social justice on his own account, not singly but in groups and packs.
will, as a directing force, consists mainly in following desires for more or less distant objects, in spite of the painfulness of the acts involved and the solicitations of incompatible but more immediate desires and impulses.
yes, yes, you understand, said mr. omer, nodding his head.
thus it appears that the sweltering inhabitants of charleston and new orleans, of madras and bombay and calcutta, drink at my well.
the harivansa says, an abode without birds is like a meat without seasoning.
in five hours, when the sun is high, we return to the home and we eat our midday meal, for which one-half hour is allowed.
it is much larger, being said to contain one hundred and ninety-seven acres, and is more fertile in fish; but it is comparatively shallow, and not remarkably pure.
christmas eve--he had forgotten it entirely!
it was christmas eve, and i had to stir the pudding for next day, with a copper-stick, from seven to eight by the dutch clock.
sordid in my grief, sordid in my love, sordid in my miserable escape from the darker side of both, oh see the ruin i am, and hate me, shun me!
in all journalistic writing, therefore, the position of greatest emphasis is the beginning.
i hope, said mr. lorry, after another pause of feeble sympathy and humility, that you accompany miss manette to france?
exactly the same present fact would not call up the same memory if our past experience had been different.
wemmick was up early in the morning, and i am afraid i heard him cleaning my boots.
i began to think there was more in the commons than i had supposed.
such writing does not have the excitement of the fighting-ring, which we find in argument, nor does it attain the lyric quality of impassioned description, or the keen wild flight of narrative.
to the first of these standards he gives his homage; to the other his real allegiance.
i think every man whose youth was spent on the farm, whatever his life since, must have moments at this season when he longs to go back to the soil.
we can see what it is that it asserts, as soon as we know what is meant by 'collection' and 'two' and 'four'.
may it love her and be dootiful to her, in her old age; helpful of her at the last; a angel to her heer, and heerafter!
it was painted the businesslike slatyblue gray of the war department.
the tom-boy in her, which was big, seemed to loathe to be put away forever in skirts.
defarge brought him the wine, and gave him good evening.
i was standing alone before the fire, when dora came stealing softly in, to give me that usual precious little kiss before i went.
but the notes of the flute came home to his ears out of a different sphere from that he worked in, and suggested work for certain faculties which slumbered in him.
there can be no doubt that the hope of finding reason to believe such theses as these has been the chief inspiration of many life-long students of philosophy.
but one day she walked home with a pale-faced little woman who worked opposite to her, jadvyga marcinkus by name, and jadvyga told her how she, marija, had chanced to get her job.
the job is far too long, once the pillow is nicely set.
we're incorporating under the membership corporation law.
to find the romantic element in a topic is to discover a perennial source of attraction for all classes of readers.
these images remain private in a sense in which sensations are not.
by this hypothetical form we are able to speak of the meaning of a proposition without knowing whether it is true or false.
in o. henry american journalism and the victorian tradition meet.
this question is not free from difficulty.
hang him, perhaps, or beat him to death--nothing would have surprised jurgis, who knew little of the laws.
he said it was like those times, to be alone with agnes and me again; and he wished to heaven they had never changed.
the fascination for the human mind of whatever baffles it is so well known that it scarcely needs elaboration.
on the contrary, i thought he seemed the fresher for it.
everyone is to render to everyone else his own; he is to respect the acquired rights of others.
i shall be there, but only as one of the crowd.
there was to be no restraint for any other purpose.
that evening the three made their report to the men--the thing was altogether as represented in the circular, or at any rate so the agent had said.
this anvil block fits into the end of the cylinder between the piston and the steel.
above every other passion of her life was her passion not to grow up, to be a child.
let your family nag at you and criticize you during each moment of the job--while somebody plays an obbligato on the electric bell and places shoes and leather grips underneath your feet.
in the early nineteenth century, if we can trust the most authoritative dictionaries, the word was regularly pronounced in england as if spelled hs-t[)i]l. so it is to-day in america.
the young man still replied: come to the pollis!
a compliment, said the marquis, to the grandeur of the family, merited by the manner in which the family has sustained its grandeur.
he conducted us to gerrard street, soho, to a house on the south side of that street.
had we been told he was there, we might have expected that sooner or later he would join in the conversation.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
but the ice itself is the object of most interest, though you must improve the earliest opportunity to study it.
a typical and recent example of philosophic theories of motion is afforded by bergson, whose views on this subject i have examined elsewhere.
he would have ugly moods, when he hated ona and the whole family, because they stood in his way.
this applies even in the apparently simple case of answering questions: if the purpose of the answers is to deceive, their falsehood, not their truth, will be evidence of knowledge.
she was escorted to the clinic by two hatless young women, in shawls, and three children.
but the evil is, that individual spontaneity is hardly recognised by the common modes of thinking, as having any intrinsic worth, or deserving any regard on its own account.
i takes em up and i put em down, and i touches of em as delicate as if they was our emly.
he sometimes wishes his understanding less, that he might itch deliciously with a prejudice.
the mice have gnawed at it, and sharper teeth than teeth of mice have gnawed at me.
and then it made me twenty times more wretched, to know how unselfishly mindful she was of me, and how selfishly mindful i was of myself.
this was understood to terminate the course for the evening, and we emerged into the air with shrieks of intellectual victory.
it was evident that he had nothing around him but the simplest necessaries, for everything that i remarked upon turned out to have been sent in on my account from the coffee-house or somewhere else.
cried my sister, with a mollified glance at mr. pumblechook.
victor says there is a battle going on: capital chap victor.
jane, you undutiful little thing, go and lie down.
before they could gather the meaning of his breathless ejaculations he had bounded away, and they saw him enter a shop, over which was a sign: j. szedvilas, delicatessen.
in the interval before dinner, accordingly, boswell reeled off the names of several divines whose prose might or might not win commendation.
it would not help to feed her and her child; she would certainly lose her place, while he--what was to happen to him god only knew.
to have struggled with him in the street, or to have exacted any lower recompense from him than his hearts best blood, would have been futile and degrading.
he had the hundred safe, and he would have to be content with that.
the door opened, and i looked, half laughing and half crying in my pleasant agitation, for my mother.
you are consigned, evremonde, to the prison of la force.
is not this as good a time as another for our knowing more?
and february needs her blue jays' unwearied and conquering faith.
if the speaker does not much transgress these limits in a given instance, we understand his meaning.
one day it flashed upon me: 'why invest in city property?
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
for i speak with the voice of the millions who are voiceless!
let him break into as many pieces as he will, the sword that he stained with my common blood; he drew to defend himself--thrust at me with all his skill for his life.'
moral reform is the effort to throw off sleep.
once every three months, with fair regularity, she was brought into the night court, found guilty, and fined.
it was very odd to me; but they all seemed to treat dora, in her degree, much as dora treated jip in his.
it is a grey house on a narrow street.
i was embarrassed and nervous, and sat anxiously awaiting the arrival of the city editor.
and we have heard of the corruption to be found in solitude.
apparently the english advocate is in a swoon?
estella, said i, do look at that fellow in the corner yonder, who is looking over here at us.
he had no appetite, and they could not afford to tempt him with delicacies.
he is without a care and his only thought, if he has one, is to obtain as high a wage as possible.
that i am sure he will, said i. littimer touched his hat in acknowledgement of my good opinion, and i felt about eight years old.
group meetings are regularly held at the homes of the bureau's community committeemen.
all this was in june; and before long the question was submitted to a referendum in the unions, and the decision was for a strike.
upon my life, said carton, smiling, i find that easier to comprehend in my own mind, than to convey to yours.
they contain both geometric linear and floral designs; the designs of the very early rugs of both groups generally are geometric, and the later ones floral.
a fancy, then, my wise pet, said mr. lorry, patting her hand.
i thought that with her i could have been happy there for life.
and why didnt i go away, now, if i couldnt bear her?
the young creature in pink had a mother in green; and i rather think the latter separated us from motives of policy.
well, pal, he said, as his glance encountered jurgis again, good morning.
if he had but his flute left, he could give that, and make the children happy in the dreary london court.
this man, a better christian in all but the dogmatic sense of the word, than almost any of the ostensibly christian sovereigns who have since reigned, persecuted christianity.
we remained there, watching him, a long time--hours.
joe and biddy were very sympathetic and pleasant when i spoke of our approaching separation; but they only referred to it when i did.
other signs of autumn there may be--the reddening leaf, the chill in the early-morning air, the misty evenings--but none of these comes home to me so truly.
thus no fact about any particular existing thing can be self-evident to more than one person.
it was originally, i think, eight thousand pounds, consols?
lunch was at twelve-fifteen, and at one o'clock the home assistant went home.
the great chapter in human history which this fact occupies and fills, cannot be too earnestly studied and meditated on.
when he said, who giveth this woman to be married to this man?
he said cheerfully, and rousing himself, theres time enough!
mrs. strong was a very pretty singer: as i knew, who often heard her singing by herself.
you were a part of the trade of your home, and were bought and sold like any other vendible thing your people dealt in.
every green leaf, every blade of grass and blade of grain, was as shrivelled and poor as the miserable people.
then a little old last year's runabout was bought and followed the coal trucks with a crew to carry the coal indoors, clearing sidewalks quickly.
and i must consult you a little more, as i used to do.
and besides--this, remember, is the place and the moment of perfectly open talk--i think that all ambitions are lawful except those which climb upward on the miseries or credulities of mankind.
waste no words on me, for my appeal is to my husband, and even you are nothing here.
this money, if you doent see objections, masr davy, i shall put up jest afore i go, in a cover directed to him; and put that up in another, directed to his mother.
these analyses aim at giving the core of the subject, the gist of the matter, with sufficient important facts or points as background.
breathing more freely in a little while, he sat down at the table, and listened again until the clock struck two.
for the first time we two were really one.
he did not begin, but, in his indecision, met her glance.
assuming that there is such a thing as direct acquaintance with oneself, bismarck himself might have used his name directly to designate the particular person with whom he was acquainted.
instead, we decide that our objective is, perhaps, a hill ten miles across the enemy's frontier.
to indicate the sweep of time consumed in the formation.
the girl hesitated, then tightened her lips once more.
i thought those were high and great emotions.
it was sad to see him struggling between his desire to represent it to me as a matter of choice on his part, and his inability to conceal that it was forced upon him.
i made out, without much difficulty, that she could not take quite kindly to my aunt yet.
instead there was one of jadvyga's little sisters, who gazed at him through a crack in the door.
i have seen our river, when, the landscape being covered with snow, both water and ice were almost as green as grass.
they early introduce us to and detain us in scenery with which otherwise, at that age, we should have little acquaintance.
you see, said mr. peggotty, knowing as you was partial to a little relish with your wittles when you was along with us, we took the liberty.
that he leaves to abler and to purer hands.
such facts, though not strictly atomic, must be supposed included if the statement in the text is to be true.
he wants to eat in a place which is quiet and not too bare and ugly.
i know it is my world also; but i cannot help that.
you hold the handle and the perfect automatic does the rest.
(jurgis had studied this word carefully.)
as a rule i begin with the forehead and work down to the chin (fig.
in this case, if he made a judgement about himself, he himself might be a constituent of the judgement.
it was a night tide; and soon after we went to bed, mr. peggotty and ham went out to fish.
we walked a little farther, and he said: masr davy, shall you see her, dye think?
there is no longer a war; it is a crusade.
he was attended at newmarket for that purpose, and he point-blank refused to do it.
it was inaugurated by the romantic scott; and at length, by the semi-romantic balzac and his more or less wholly unromantic followers, bound like a duty on the novelist.
when i took the tidings home, our father's heart burst; he never spoke one of the words that filled it.
then i would make a fact so disgraceful known, and boldly challenge society to set it right.
the flux used is old glass--bits of shattered bottles, scraps from the floor of the factory.
my sister was not in a very bad temper when we presented ourselves in the kitchen, and joe was encouraged by that unusual circumstance to tell her about the bright shilling.
as she gave it to me playfully,for her darker mood had been but momentary,i held it and put it to my lips.
in the warmest weather i usually placed a pailful in my cellar, where it became cool in the night, and remained so during the day; though i also resorted to a spring in the neighborhood.
you dont mean to say its yes i do; its lies, joe.
i was surprised into crooning this ditty as i pushed her over the floor.
as nearly all the canning establishments were shut down, and all the girls hunting work, it will be readily understood that marija did not find any.
grotius and pufendorf may be taken as types of the older natural-law theories of property.
but we were at home; and the trodden leaves were lying under-foot, and the autumn wind was blowing.
she will be home directly, and it is better she should not see us together to-night.
the words which convey it, cease to suggest ideas, or suggest only a small portion of those they were originally employed to communicate.
this apparent power of anticipating facts about things of which we have no experience is certainly surprising.
a mountain range of pumpkins rises behind a hill of cabbages.
on the very first morning after her arrival she was up and ringing her bell at cock-crow.
in newspaper offices manuscripts are usually sorted by the assistant sunday editor, or assistant magazine editor, and are finally accepted or rejected by the sunday or magazine editor.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
our administration of punitive justice is full of devices for individualizing the application of criminal law.
typically judicial treatment of a controversy is a measuring of it by a rule in order to reach a universal solution for a class of causes of which the cause in hand is but an example.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
my papa lived to bail mr. micawber several times, and then expired, regretted by a numerous circle.
your educated englishman is an infallible guide to all that relates to the table.
insert the wedge into the prerogative office, and the country would cease to be glorious.
what kind of world did they have, the men of the unmentionable times?
from his oppressed slumber, young jerry in his closet was awakened after daybreak and before sunrise, by the presence of his father in the family room.
go you there, straight, for there will probably be a greater concourse than usual, to-day.
it was with a singular jumble of sadness and pleasure that i used to linger about my native place, until the reddening winter sun admonished me that it was time to start on my returning walk.
my daughter dora having, unhappily, no mother, miss murdstone is obliging enough to become her companion and protector.
but, miss pross suddenly became afflicted with a twitching in the head and body, and retired into the house.
there i must umbly beg leave to differ from you.
it was almost an apotheosis of architectural bad taste.
as if his memory were impaired, or his faculties disordered, the prisoner made an effort to rally his attention.
from that moment on, i have thought highly of his critical faculty; for when he left us, he carried away the manuscript in his portmanteau.
i had so much time to spare, that the proposal came as a relief, notwithstanding its irreconcilability with my latent desire to keep my eye on the coach-office.
she tried to hide her writing, but she couldnt hide it from me!
one would like to know what the lawmakers expected them to do; there were families that had no possible means of support except the children, and the law provided them no other way of getting a living.
it seemed as if her spirit were quite altered, and she could not be too quiet.
faster than ever river ran towards the sea, it flashes, darkens, and rolls away.
mrs. micawber, tapping at the wall again to know if tea were ready, broke up this particular phase of our friendly conversation.
i believe this to be the only valid ground of distinction.
the possession of vast wealth entails cares and responsibilities, however, as poor marija found out.
she answered so carelessly, that i said, you speak of yourself as if you were some one else.
best system of bookkeeping for the farmer.
it is unmistakably the most vital factor to-day in america's prosperity.
one afternoon, late in the month of february, i came ashore at the wharf at dusk.
seeing how quickly he could get the support of the niagara farmers for any move which had practice and not theory to recommend it, manager peet next began to agitate for an improvement in city-marketing conditions in lockport.
i watched him as he grew--and he grew like scarlet beans--with painful apprehensions of the time when he would begin to shave; even of the days when he would be bald or grey.
it was, for nearly two years after this, rye and indian meal without yeast, potatoes, rice, a very little salt pork, molasses, and salt, and my drink water.
the progress from an absolute to a limited monarchy, from a limited monarchy to a democracy, is a progress toward a true respect for the individual.
that was as a child, or a schoolboy, said i, laughing in my turn, not without being a little shame-faced.
said stryver, squaring himself; i have less need to make myself agreeable than you have, being more independent in circumstances.
he had no better implement with which to intrench himself in the land than a clam-shell.
impulse is erratic and anarchical, not easily fitted into a well-regulated system; it may be tolerated in children and artists, but it is not thought proper to men who hope to be taken seriously.
they remain; and no admixture of the frisian pirates, or the breton, or the angevin and norman conquerors, has very much affected their cunning eyes.
this applies especially in regard to our space-perceptions.
thus what he really proves is, at most, that if the world had no beginning, it must have already existed for an infinite time.
i dream that i am in america, but i wake up and find myself in england without those intervening days on the atlantic which, alas!
if ever any one, possessed of power, had grounds for thinking himself the best and most enlightened among his cotemporaries, it was the emperor marcus aurelius.
i thought you were at plymouth, maam, i said to mrs. micawber, as he went out.
has it been your misfortune to undergo a long imprisonment, without trial, or even accusation, in your native country, doctor manette?
these were the shrines i visited both summer and winter.
my agnes is very young still; and mother and me will have to work our way upwards, and make a good many new arrangements, before it would be quite convenient.
there is a keen enjoyment in a mere animal existence.
the hour was come, when saint antoine was to execute his horrible idea of hoisting up men for lamps to show what he could be and do.
david had bought an annuity for himself with his money, i know, said she, by and by.
we shall meet again, where the weary are at rest!
but no: i find that the respectable man, so called, has immediately drifted from his position, and despairs of his country, when his country has more reasons to despair of him.
hold up your head, boy, and be forever grateful unto them which so did do.
on a later occasion, we will suppose, the child remembers the incident and relates it to someone else.
rain was falling heavily by that time, and it was a wild night; but there was a moon behind the clouds, and it was not dark.
many of them are young women, exceedingly sympathetic, handsomely gowned, and very well taken care of.
somebody broke down in a piece of knitting, and no one but sophy was able to put the defaulter in the right direction.
this is easily seen by merely noticing that the image is in the present, whereas what is remembered is known to be in the past.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
for the temple, i think, said i. dont you know?
your first duty as critic, then, is to look at your standards.
about the usual time; it may be a quarter of an hour later.
i know him, said the old soldier, fanning herself, in a sort of calm prophetic agony, and i know hell die there, sooner than hell overturn the doctors plans.
duty, my dear doctor, before every consideration in the universe!
but fewer came to see me on trivial business.
on the uneven floor it was a task for a man to start one of these trucks, unless he was a giant; and when it was once started he naturally tried his best to keep it going.
and softly patted my hand again, as i sat looking thoughtfully at the fire.
but the boss shook his head when he saw him--no, his place had been filled long ago, and there was no room for him.
but with all their best efforts, the packers were demoralized.
now the public school authorities plan, for the first time, not only to teach children whose eyes are defective, but to cure them as well.
the distinction between images and sensations might seem at first sight by no means difficult.
there has never been the least departure from the strict line of fact.
the precaution that had been taken to account for his silence, mr. lorry had previously explained to him, and he had written to lucie in accordance with it, and she had no suspicions.
to think that you should be the first to kindle the sparks of ambition in my umble breast, and that youve not forgot it!
chance leads him to the very room in which the woman ended her life the week before.
on the first occasion there is no recognition; on the second occasion there is.
through, perhaps, the narrow, crooked lane of pine street he passes, to come out at length upon a scene set for a sea tale.
the causal peculiarities of memory may, therefore, have a physiological explanation.
before an open fire stood madame and the three children--a girl of eight years, a boy of five, a boy of three.
in front of it, seated in chairs, as in a garden of public diversion, are a number of women, busily knitting.
i know what you mean, you cross thing, said my mother.
he got permission to investigate delivery outfits in many lines.
as the sparrow had its trill, sitting on the hickory before my door, so had i my chuckle or suppressed warble which he might hear out of my nest.
as compassionately, i thought, as if jip had laid hold of me.
do you remember the nights in the bedroom?
here he paid a heavy price for his escort, and hence he started with it on the wet, wet roads at three o'clock in the morning.
the last annual report of the craig colony records more than four hundred injuries within the year to patients during seizures which required a surgeon's attention, the injuries varying from severe bruises to fractures of the skull.
don't ask me why i make the stipulations i am going to make, and exact the promise i am going to exact; i have a reason--a good one.
she cried out when she saw jurgis, wild-eyed and shaking.
of what help was kindness and decency on the part of employers--when they could not keep a job for him, when there were more harvesting machines made than the world was able to buy!
i noticed that miss havisham put down the jewel exactly on the spot from which she had taken it up.
her sight was disturbed, so that she saw objects multiplied, and grasped at visionary teacups and wineglasses instead of the realities; her hearing was greatly impaired; her memory also; and her speech was unintelligible.
on the whole, i resolved to leave the avenger behind.
my dear sir, if you can ask that question you little understand the drama as it was.
not before dark night did the men and women come back to the children, wailing and breadless.
the man who does not share the impulse will form a different estimate as to what the consequences will be, and as to whether those that must ensue are desirable.
such theories usually start either from the idea of occupation or from the idea of creation through labor.
consequently a reporter may drop into the habit of being satisfied with less thorough methods of collecting and presenting his material than are demanded by the higher standards of magazine writing.
we have our choice of interpreting them as resulting from his personality or of determining his personality as revealed by the deeds.
and i got up, determined to have my share of it.
now, ill tell you a piece of information.
you was always in old orlicks way since ever you was a child.
i found him in his dressing-room surrounded by his stock of boots, already hard at it, washing his hands of us.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
here they stood, staring, breathless with wonder.
go on the street, if there is no other place--only go!
as the door was not yet shut, i thought i would leave herbert there for a moment, and run upstairs again to say a word to my guardian.
he tore his hands loose, and flung her off.
it was not so much of a gamble as one might suppose.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
that is where the art of teaching comes in and where carl excelled.
and how do you think we are looking, master copperfield,--i should say, mister?
i am the warrant and the sanction.
the workings of some institution, such as an employment office or a juvenile court, may be made clear by telling just what takes place in it on a typical occasion.
we were anxious for the time when he would go to his lodging and leave us together, but he was evidently jealous of leaving us together, and sat late.
while these things go up other things come down.
the dean has an abnormal memory for names and faces.
the seeds of instinct are preserved under the thick hides of cattle and horses, like seeds in the bowels of the earth, an indefinite period.
durham's strikebreakers were few of them leaving.
that the effort failed is not against it; much that is most splendid in military history failed, many great things and noble men have failed.
whether in caricature, short story, fable, parody, or essay, he has always been consummate in grace, tact, insouciant airy precision.
he said this, musing, in a low, frightened voice; and walked across the little room.
she will run up a slope as steep as one in six, he says.
most informal essays are full of individual instances, of anecdotes and scraps from life.
more than half the farmers in niagara county are members of the niagara bureau.
but terror struck the men of the council.
with the voice of humanity, calling for deliverance!
he zealously undertook to do so, and to intercept any newspaper through which it might, without such precautions, reach him.
can you identify him as your fellow-passenger on board the packet, or speak to his conversation with your daughter?
there is no crime punished by death in this world, save this one crime of speaking the unspeakable word.
we know that a hill is not highest at its narrowest part.
it is introduced, not because observation reveals it, but because it is linguistically convenient and apparently demanded by grammar.
we looked into each others eyes and we knew that the breath of a miracle had touched us, and fled, and left us groping vainly.
well, sir, he said, bowing and chuckling, and tucking in the ends of his neckerchief at his breast: i thankee, sir, i thankee!
fortified towns with their stockades, guard-houses, gates, trenches, and drawbridges, seemed to the mender of roads, to be so much air as against this figure.
so they went, very soon after the funeral.
after that, she covered her head up with her apron again and had another laugh about mr. barkis.
but, as i fell asleep, i could not forget that she was still there looking, is it really, though?
i am not as good a girl as i ought to be.
what has been said of the merchants, that a very large majority, even ninety-seven in a hundred, are sure to fail, is equally true of the farmers.
was thy existence then too fanciful for our lifes common light, who are so dull?
and on grounds which are independent of space and time, infinite numbers, and series in which no two terms are consecutive, must in any case be admitted.
in the same way there are magazines about egyptian coins, and catholic saints, and flying machines, and athletic records, and i know nothing about any of them.
the charges for developing films and for making prints and enlargements are now so reasonable that a writer need not master these technicalities in order to use a camera of his own.
every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
now and then he would whisper to himself: dead!
never, never, had i loved dora so deeply and truly, as i loved her that night.
frege next asks the question: when do two collections have the same number of terms?
the very next day showed me, while my mind was in the first agitation of what it had conceived, that mrs. micawber had not spoken of their going away without warrant.
i am ashamed to say it, i returned, and yet its no worse to say it than to think it.
and so jurgis marched into the hog-killing room, a place where, in the days gone by, he had come begging for a job.
almost at the same moment, the bell of the great gate rang again, and a loud noise of feet and voices came pouring into the courtyard.
as quiet as a monastery, and almost as roomy.
they were out on the waterfront, and from the east a freezing gale was blowing off the ice-bound lake.
they had nothing to eat themselves, and they were wiser than to think that apologies could supply the place of food to their guests; so they drew their belts tighter and said nothing about it.
which you meantersay, pip, how long have your illness lasted, dear old chap?
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
a battered quarter and three pennies came to view--and the fare from boston to providence is ninety cents!
this left me no course but to regret that i had been betrayed into a warmth which, and on the whole to repudiate, as untenable, the idea that i was to be found anywhere.
i couldnt care for any other dog but jip, i am afraid, aunt.
you will not think the worse of my umbleness, if i make a little confidence to you, master copperfield?
but we lived not, when we toiled for our brothers, we were only weary.
the first part investigates what propositions are and what forms they may have; this part enumerates the different kinds of atomic propositions, of molecular propositions, of general propositions, and so on.
it has banished all but the very simplest of the moldings, and all the hangings save those that are absolutely necessary to the operation of the car.
when he had filled one cart he had to grope around him until another came, and if there was none on hand he continued to grope till one arrived.
there are people enough to tread upon me in my lowly state, without my doing outrage to their feelings by possessing learning.
i am obliged to them for their interest in the matter, he answered, a little coldly as to them, though very warmly as to the doctor.
take your moments when the fates send them; that was life's best lesson.
if, in addition to being his own, his impulses are strong, and are under the government of a strong will, he has an energetic character.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
when i had recovered my breath, and had got rid of a stifling sensation in my throat, i rose up and went on.
a dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing, and leaves the sleeper where he lay down, but i wish you to know that you inspired it.
i was so unwilling to see the look again, that i made no remonstrance against this tone.
as it passed, leaving lucie frightened and bewildered in the doorway of the wood-sawyer's house, the feathery snow fell as quietly and lay as white and soft, as if it had never been.
the marquis looked that way, and listened for the retreating step of his valet.
the poor fellow looked like a homeless ghost, with his cheeks sunken in and his long black hair straggling into his eyes; he was too discouraged to cut it, or to think about his appearance.
cried dora, with a kiss, dont be a naughty blue beard!
when books were given me, i fell upon them as a glutton pounces on his meat after a period of enforced starvation.
if she tires me, sometimes, by her praises of her son, it is only natural in a mother.
it opened from a stinking little black courtyard, and was the general public entrance to a great pile of houses, inhabited by a great number of people.
ive had a firm mind and a firm will to have your life, since you was down here at your sisters burying.
any one who was considered to be dangerous by them would find that he was not a favorite with his boss; and marija had been a great hand for going after the foreign people and preaching to them.
he was unrobed, and was none the better for it in appearance.
then there was a sudden struggle and spurt from the lamp, and it went black out.
it was inexhaustible; one stared, waiting to see it stop, but still the great streams rolled out.
he stands in the honorable line of those great masters who have found their highest usefulness as kindly counselors of the young.
in short, i was not a favourite with miss murdstone.
it is worth a moment's digression to suggest that such things show how little the historical categories of delict and contract represent any essential or inherent need of legal thinking.
joes blue eyes turned a little watery; he rubbed first one of them, and then the other, in a most uncongenial and uncomfortable manner, with the round knob on the top of the poker.
why hasnt she come out to the gate, and what have we come in here for?
then a crowd would gather and listen, muttering threats.
in two or three days more, i was informed by the authorities of his having led to the discovery of sirloins of beef among the kitchen-stuff, and sheets in the rag-bag.
as the clock strikes, the lady who is to perform the ceremony, a royal duchess, arrives upon the scene and takes her place on the elevated platform close to the bow of the ship.
the odor is totally different from that of roast beef, and yet it is beef incontestable.
i heard the clocks strike twelve, and was still reading, without knowing what i read, when agnes touched me.
and the dear old home-voice answered, which it air, old chap.
yes, my precious; and i think i should be more independent altogether, you see; let alone my working with a better heart in my own house, than i could in anybody elses now.
it apparently comes from no predisposing uneasiness of indigestion, no rashness in the matter of too much tea or tobacco, no excitation of unusual incident or stimulating conversation.
'lemme call a cab now, like a good dear'--but i can call my own cabs, dontcha fool yourself--and i know what i'm a-doin', you bet!
it was from peggotty; something less legible than usual, and brief.
it did not appear to me that he took much notice of it, but before he went he asked my mother to give him a bit of the blossom.
what he calls a thought (gedanke) cannot be reduced, according to him, to other psychic occurrences.
it was in vain for annie to protest that she was weary of such things.
and so he had soup and bread, and boiled beef and potatoes and beans, and pie and coffee, and came out with his skin stuffed tight as a football.
also to ceylon, specially for elephants tusks.
i observed, at the same time, that a lowering ill-dressed man who had stopped and stared at us in passing, a little before, was coming so close after us as to brush against her.
there is, in this theory, a tendency to a confusion from which it derives some of its plausibility, namely, the confusion between a sensation as a psychical occurrence and its object.
they sat me down in a chair, untied my neck-cloth, and brought me some water.
it would overcrowd his department and spoil the record he was trying to make--but he said not a word except all right.
when i go a looking and looking about that theer pritty house of our emlys, im--im gormed, said mr. peggotty, with sudden emphasis--theer!
all sorts of people who are not in the least degree worthy of the pet, are always turning up, said miss pross.
do you know, said i, as we walked along the passage, what felony was number twenty sevens last folly?
by copyrighting each issue, as most magazines and some newspapers do, the publishers establish fully their rights to an author's work.
slang, again, is most pardonable in the man with whom its use is least exclusive and least necessary.
darkness closed around, and then came the ringing of church bells and the distant beating of the military drums in the palace courtyard, as the women sat knitting, knitting.
i have an impending engagement, said i, glancing at wemmick, who was putting fish into the post-office, that renders me rather uncertain of my time.
of this, he says, every man shall judge for himself.
nothing should be done in a hurry that can be done slowly.
of course similar things happen in dreams, where we are mistaken as to the existence of other people.
the door slowly opened inward under his hand, and he looked into the room and said something.
he rejoined ecstatically, drawing up one leg.
they made an offer to submit the whole question at issue to arbitration; and at the end of ten days the unions accepted it, and the strike was called off.
i thought, between sleeping and waking, that it was still red hot, and i had snatched it out of the fire, and run him through the body.
he therefore made arrangements to absent himself from tellson's for the first time in his life, and took his post by the window in the same room.
a man does right, as a rule, to have his thoughts more occupied with the interests of his own nation than with those of others, because his actions are more likely to affect his own nation.
now that the state of doubt was over, i felt, for many days, like one in a dream.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
my reply was so unexpected, that mr. jaggers put the handkerchief back into his pocket without completing the usual performance, folded his arms, and looked with stern attention at me, though with an immovable face.
to answer these questions he must review the basic sources of pleasure and satisfaction.
make another outline to show wherein the character and quality of the man are shown.
you mustnt tell them anything of the sort.
there was no other merit in this, than my having sense enough to feel my deficiencies.
after having taken medicine, and fasted for three days, all the fire in the town is extinguished.
the temptation undoubtedly is great both for editors and writers to supply articles that are no better than the average reader demands, especially in such ephemeral publications as newspapers and popular magazines.
the first year's interest and payment on the principal are taken as the amount to be paid annually.
if you can lay it out for him, i shall do my work with a better art.
since it was thrown open to settlers no cherokee holds sovereign rights as before, when it was his nation.
provis, who had been asleep too, staggered up at the noise i made, and in an instant i saw his jackknife shining in his hand.
the people had all poured out to the show in the streets.
i told him of my success in the college town and then invited him to bring his family the following afternoon to try my tea.
the best and the worst are known to you, now.
peggotty began to be less with us, of an evening, than she had always been.
it does not prove that there are no causal laws in psychology, as bergson suggests; but it does prove that the causal laws of psychology are prima facie very different from those of physics.
i had answered in a kind of breathless whisper, but i felt, in my silence, that my breath was shorter now.
mr. wickfield was the doctors old friend, and the doctor wished to talk with him, and do him good.
he runs to it and tries to reach it and says 'box.'...
the spirit fluttered for a moment on the threshold of its little prison, and, unconscious of captivity, took wing.
not along of my being heer, maam, i hope?
dont you expose it to a good deal of excitement, sir?
from somewhere within the house had come a sudden cry, a wild, horrible scream of anguish.
as the sun got higher, their sleep became lighter, and so they gradually one by one awoke.
but she did not; on the contrary, she seemed to prefer my being ignorant.
her drawings were accepted, and her pride--always repressed by a lively sense of the ridiculousness of the figure she was cutting--was a really gorgeous thing to see.
i have been bent and broken, buti hopeinto a better shape.
said mr. lorry; what is this despondency in the brave little breast?
you was saying, said the strange man, turning to joe, that you was a blacksmith.
from a room across the landing a clock ticked menacingly.
i felt my own attracted, no less steadily, to his.
but the big tent stood grey and silent against the sky.
and now, said the suppressed voice with another oath, call out again, and ill make short work of you!
go to him, biddy say, without loss of time.
the crimson has not yet faded from that young face yonder, and slowly down either cheek falls a glistening tear.
for these reasons i was sorry to go; but for other reasons, unsubstantial enough, i was glad.
there are the saints of labor, and the saints of the councils, and the saints of the great rebirth.
i had never, at that time, seen such a metallic lady altogether as miss murdstone was.
but, it was half-past one before we saw her smoke, and soon afterwards we saw behind it the smoke of another steamer.
the completion of the preparations for my breakfast, by relieving the fire, gave her such extreme joy that she laughed aloud--and a very unmelodious laugh she had, i must say.
as long as her poor dear pretty was above the ground, she said, she would never desert her.
but the strongest of all the arguments against the interference of the public with purely personal conduct, is that when it does interfere, the odds are that it interferes wrongly, and in the wrong place.
this is not refuted by the fact that what we declare to be probable does not always happen, for an event may be probable on the data and yet not occur.
a quarter is not only average but fairly standard.
in the deepest part there are several acres more level than almost any field which is exposed to the sun wind and plough.
you have addressed mr. copperfield, twenty seven.
he was tall and sturdy, but his instructors soon discovered that he lacked spirit.
and if it was a toasting-fork, youd go into brass and do yourself no credit.
i have worked for sister and brother these many years--hard, mr. copperfield--all day.
that's a fair young lady to be pitied by and wept for by!
we were a little like undertakers, in the commons, as regarded probate transactions; generally making it a rule to look more or less cut up, when we had to deal with clients in mourning.
unquestionably this news story lead, when skillfully worked out, has distinct advantages alike for the news report and for the special article.
a few years before i lived in the woods there was what was called a winged cat in one of the farm-houses in lincoln nearest the pond, mr. gilian bakers.
who knows what the human body would expand and flow out to under a more genial heaven?
this spread of naked rock and peaks and moonlight is like a world ready to be born, a world that waits.
if any one wanted to work or paint or pray, and could find no one to maintain him, he could support himself by working part of the time.
thus there is a continual gradation in the degree of self-evidence of what i remember, and a corresponding gradation in the trustworthiness of my memory.
we could proceed to display manuscripts to our historical sceptic, in which it was said that caesar had behaved in this way.
but such an argument really begs the very question at issue.
but our stomachs remained--and that they yearned was evident to us.
we have therefore still to seek for some principle which shall enable us to know that the future will follow the same laws as the past.
the man obeyed, and defarge followed the light closely with his eyes.
finally he gave a faint single rap, and peppersuch was the compromising name of the avenging boyannounced mr. gargery!
i knew what court influence was, and what the immunities of the nobles were, and i expected that the matter would never be heard of; but, i wished to relieve my own mind.
it was a hurried breakfast with no taste in it.
and you have observed, my wife, said defarge, in a deprecatory manner, the anguish of his daughter, which must be a dreadful anguish to him!
we have schools and colleges, newspapers and books; we have searched the heavens and the earth, we have weighed and probed and reasoned--and all to equip men to destroy each other!
said the waiter, with an insinuating smile, and his head on one side.
his eyes were so often turned towards it, that he used his tools mechanically, and, one would have said, to very poor account.
mr. dolloby rolled it up again, and gave it me back.
when we went downstairs again, wemmick led me into my guardians room, and said, this youve seen already.
yet i am afraid the dreadful truth is, herbert, that he is attached to me, strongly attached to me.
the only account he could give of it was, that my aunt had said to him, the day before yesterday, now, dick, are you really and truly the philosopher i take you for?
the car went back to her garage, or engine-shed, or stable, or whatever the railway man of the future shall decide to call it.
you may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of the project gutenberg license included with this ebook or online at www.gutenberg.org.
my aunt presented herself on being sent for, and welcomed mr. micawber with gracious cordiality.
i know you do, said the stranger; i knew you would.
i am sure i managed very well before we were married.
perhaps it will be found, that just in proportion as some have been placed in outward circumstances above the savage, others have been degraded below him.
i told her that i believed she had given me a faithful account of herself, and that we had both been hapless instruments in designing hands.
striking himself again, may do what wonderful people may not do.
again, i listen to miss murdstone mumbling the responses, and emphasizing all the dread words with a cruel relish.
first, he put his hand in his coat, and took another paper from it, that is the certificate which enables me to pass out of this city.
but for your face i should think you were a little despondent, said i.
he stops at the image, because he stops to enjoy.
dark and dirty and thundering greenwich street is to-day's translation of the garden of eden.
the resistance and pressure of the tappet tends to throw increased and unequal wear on the opposite side of the cylinder.
in roman law and at one time in our law attempts were made to develop this postulate contractually.
that which has the wave-motion is either aether or 'gross matter', but in either case is what the philosopher would call matter.
the impulse itself remains without a purpose, and the purpose of escaping from pain only arises when the impulse has been momentarily restrained.
in the second place, it may be admitted that the definition, like all definitions, is to a certain extent arbitrary.
in literature it is only the wild that attracts us.
he now said: and so, mr. copperfield, you think of entering into our profession?
an unclean person is universally a slothful one, one who sits by a stove, whom the sun shines on prostrate, who reposes without being fatigued.
everything was gone, down to the little mirror with the oyster-shell frame.
it was the only good thing i had done, and the only completed thing i had done, since i was first apprised of my great expectations.
and for a last word: in all narration there is only one way to be clever, and that is to be exact.
in this state, the waiters dismal intelligence about the ships immediately connected itself, without any effort of my volition, with my uneasiness about ham.
but i sat wondering and waiting in mr. jaggerss close room, until i really could not bear the two casts on the shelf above mr. jaggerss chair, and got up and went out.
he was sitting reading by a window in which he kept a few plants.
rather wishing his modest adjective away, mr. lorry replied, no, no, no.
i answered the solicitude which his face expressed, by conveying the same expression into my own, and shaking my head.
i aint made pip a gentleman, and pip aint a going to make you a gentleman, not fur me not to know whats due to ye both.
he and tiffey were closeted together for some few moments, and then tiffey looked out at the door and beckoned me in.
and as she said it i had to rush round and work the boat to make it go up and down properly.
we had our pea-coats with us, and i took a bag.
the best good that you can possibly achieve is not good enough if you have to strain yourself all the time to reach it.
he gave him a good cursing, but as jurgis did not understand a word of it he did not object.
mr. peggotty, he said, you are a thoroughly good fellow, and deserve to be as happy as you are tonight.
muttered joe, shaking his head at me in very serious remonstrance.
my tea room offers a recreation, without being a dissipation.
but, at last i began, in a purblind groping way, to read, write, and cipher, on the very smallest scale.
it is connected by a flexible tube to a cylinder of compressed oxygen, and by another tube to a supply of coal-gas.
youd be surprised at the number of people that looks in of a day to have a chat.
he preferred to go and sit upon the stairs, in the dark and a strong draught, until he was again sent for.
when it was given him, he drank his majestys health and compliments of the season, and took it all at a mouthful and smacked his lips.
like the reporter, also, he must know how much it will interest him.
when it came to midnight jurgis was lying upon the floor with his head in his arms, listening.
you never do anything else, except your work.
attempts to foreclose this process by minute, detailed legislation have failed signally, as, for example, in the overgrown code of civil procedure in new york.
only--hic--don't less have it here--come up to my place, ole sport--nice an' cosy.
and when the remembering of an incident has become a habit, it may be purely verbal, and the memory-belief may consist of words alone.
one of the great historic controversies in philosophy is the controversy between the two schools called respectively 'empiricists' and 'rationalists'.
now different pieces of writing, just like different subjects, call for different degrees of emotional reaction.
he was stopped in his running on and in his shaking hands with me, by seeing provis.
for a prominent, public-spirited architect.
and so jurgis fell to work, and toiled like a trojan till night.
now, mr. pip, said mr. jaggers, attend, if you please.
and every hour his soul grew blacker, every hour he dreamed new dreams of vengeance, of defiance, of raging, frenzied hate.
thereupon he shook his head and tapped it, expressing his sense of deficiency in joseph.
the city chemist spoke the one significant word as he set down the test tube into which he had been gazing intently.
* * just the same account of language is given in professor watson's more recent book (reference above).
o yes, said wemmick, i have got hold of it, a bit at a time.
one of the splendid things about this new system is its great flexibility and the fact that it can be adapted to any household.
the light is clear but hesitant, a delicate wine, by no means the mighty vintage of april.
if theres slaves in them parts where youre a-going, ill be bound to you for one, and happy, but doent ye leave me behind, danl, thats a deary dear!
at noon i feed them again only what they will clean up in half an hour.
the peculiar bitterness of all this was that jurgis saw so plainly the meaning of it.
at length, much to my relief, my aunt and mr. wickfield came back, after a pretty long absence.
it is a mistake to suppose that, in a country where the usual evidences of civilization exist, the condition of a very large body of the inhabitants may not be as degraded as that of savages.
this will be, by definition, the place where the original penny was in perspective space.
and with a smile of forgiving pity on her walnut-shell countenance for the weaknesses of the rest.
if i had seen an ape taking command of a man, i should hardly have thought it a more degrading spectacle.
the trees parted before us, calling us forward.
the best thing a man can do for his culture when he is rich is to endeavor to carry out those schemes which he entertained when he was poor.
let this be righted, let the spring come to him, the morning rise over his couch, and he will forsake his generous companions without apology.
i have watered the red huckleberry, the sand cherry and the nettle tree, the red pine and the black ash, the white grape and the yellow violet, which might have withered else in dry seasons.
he culled forty-five per cent of his crop.
i want to found an opinion on what you tell me.
they were tied to the great packing machine, and tied to it for life.
miss pross had laid the child down on his own bed, and her head had gradually fallen on the pillow beside her pretty charge.
what an insubstantial, happy, foolish time it was!
then hark back to the accident that put the wasp's nest under the toe of gottfried keller!
agnes has had her father to take care of for these many years, you should remember.
but morning brought with it my parting from the old house, which agnes had filled with her influence; and that occupied my mind sufficiently.
monsieur manette; mr. lorry laid his hand upon defarge's arm; do you remember nothing of this man?
she says yez can all take off your shoes and dry your socks by the fire.
why, being gone, i am a man again, like macbeth.
you are like all the rest, she said; they trick you and eat you alive.
a sight you know the old bailey well, no doubt?
so jurgis slunk in among the rest of the men, who kept dodging behind each other like sheep that have smelled a wolf.
but, i had already considered that such a course, by detaining us there, or binding us to come back, might be fatal to provis.
what a fortune for the son of my mother!
when we infer a man's thoughts from his words, the law states that the two are (at least approximately) simultaneous.
the narrative called up the most revengeful passions of the time, and there was not a head in the nation but must have dropped before it.
interior of the tunnel through which the water is pumped.
when i take a gentleman to my house, no matter whether he is nineteen, twenty-nine, or ninety, i take him there in a spirit of confidence.
then you shall know her, said steerforth, for she is one of the seven wonders of the world.
in exposition the normal order is to proceed from the known to the unknown, to dovetail the new facts into those already familiar to the reader.
she said, shaking her curls at me; it was all praise.
in like manner all cases where the content of a belief seems simple at first sight will be found, on examination, to confirm the view that the content is always complex.
see that the cabbie--hic--is paid, was the other's response; and he linked his arm in jurgis'.
of the two, i would have much preferred to be the object of the latter.
solange came to our rescue with two little pamphlets containing the song, so we looked over each other's shoulders and got to work in earnest.
but whether true or false, idealism is not to be dismissed as obviously absurd.
my shoes were by this time in a woeful condition.
i was always looking out, as may be supposed, for another invitation to mr. spenlows house.
mrs. frazer's own story formed the next chapter of her narrative.
the element of haphazard is generally combined with a series of coincidences.
no,in this case i would rather suffer evil the natural way.
the stabler of the iron horse was up early this winter morning by the light of the stars amid the mountains, to fodder and harness his steed.
mix as much as you possibly can with the outside world, and learn its ways.
it was the first occasion of every unhappy moment i have known.
said the master, looking at another old woman in a large chair by the fire, who was such a bundle of clothes that i feel grateful to this hour for not having sat upon her by mistake.
the two questions, as i shall try to show, are entirely distinct, and we may answer the first in the affirmative without therefore being forced to give an affirmative answer to the second.
you silly boy, said estella, quite composedly, how can you talk such nonsense?
i felt ashamed to let him take my hand, but i did not know yet what else to do.
it may equally well be earlier or at the same time.
i said i was sure it must be delightful to her, and all that was delightful to her was delightful to me.
at times, however, a move may well be wasted to the end that all may happen decently and in order.
advancing his hand by little and little, he took it up and looked at it.
how much more interesting an event is that mans supper who has just been forth in the snow to hunt, nay, you might say, steal, the fuel to cook it with!
such lack of fairness may occur if the example covers too little ground of the definition or if it too highly accentuates one phase of the subject of definition.
and yet all these things were as nothing to what came a little later.
we are all pretty gay here, thank heaven!
all that he had ever felt in his whole life seemed to come back to him at once, and with one new emotion, hardly to be described.
the only consideration that appeared to affect the mind of either of them was the consideration that this was highly degrading to the family, and was ridiculous.
and then we saw the fold of a white tunic among the trees, and a gleam of gold.
judiciously show a dog his natural prey, if you wish him to bring it down one day.
no wisdom on earth could have given me the comfort that i should have derived from their simplicity and fidelity; but i could never, never, undo what i had done.
but, imbued from her childhood with a brooding sense of wrong, and an inveterate hatred of a class, opportunity had developed her into a tigress.
men have become the tools of their tools.
jurgis asked, after he had had this explained more in detail.
she had told me that she knew agnes was too clever.
for i thought he wanted something else to eat, and had pointedly alluded to that description of refreshment.
he diligently prepared manuscripts for posthumous publication and accumulated and arranged great masses of materials for a biographer.
convicted of misuse of bank funds on insufficient evidence (which he supplemented by the insanity of flight), he passed three years and three months in the ohio state penitentiary at columbus.
and in like manner an image may have certain associations which its prototype will not have, e.g.
to act collectively is according to the spirit of our institutions; and i am confident that, as our circumstances are more flourishing, our means are greater than the noblemans.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
how fortunate we are, too, i returned, to have arrived to witness their happiness in that intended marriage!
defarge and the three glanced darkly at one another.
and even (it will be added) if the consequences of misconduct could be confined to the vicious or thoughtless individual, ought society to abandon to their own guidance those who are manifestly unfit for it?
for practical purposes it would therefore, of course, be untrue.
let the reports of all the learned societies come to us, and we will see if they know any thing.
one morning ona stayed home, and jurgis had the man-doctor, according to his whim, and she was safely delivered of a fine baby.
when he came, my aunt performed the ceremony of introduction.
but in other directions, even from this point, i could not see over or beyond the woods which surrounded me.
how he husbands himself,--what prudence, what economy, always spending up, as he says, and not down!
even the old flowers are here, said i, looking round; or the old kinds.
jurgis drew a deep breath; but then he noticed that she was sobbing and trembling--as if in one of those nervous crises that he dreaded so.
i have come into such good fortune since i saw you last, miss havisham, i murmured.
there ought to have been a tranquil bark in such an anchorage, and there was.
this time, however, jurgis did not have the same fine confidence, nor the same reason for it.
i was very much surprised by the inquiry; but could give no information on this point.
the brass is placed under the wood because its members are so often combined with some of the wood instruments in sounding chords.
if those eyes of yours were bed-winches, returned miss pross, and i was an english four-poster, they shouldn't loose a splinter of me.
this, however, we can now see to have been an error.
i thought i could have kept it in my bosom all our lives, till we were old.
thus having known himself for the master of things, a man could go back to his toil and live upon the memory all his days.
it is far removed from the ideal that no letter should exist in a word which is not sounded.
he never said who was the real offender, though he smarted for it next day, and was imprisoned so many hours that he came forth with a whole churchyard-full of skeletons swarming all over his latin dictionary.
it is quite another to have to examine a whole book, make an inventory of all the allusions contained in it, and with a pair of compasses, painfully design a map to suit the data.
it is perhaps worth while to observe that mnemic causation is what led bergson to deny that there is causation at all in the psychical sphere.
i ask because i always want to be informed, when i am ignorant.
i did not quite perceive the application of this fact to myself, but i smiled on mrs. crupp, as benignly as was in my power.
it is not my purpose, in this record, though in all other essentials it is my written memory, to pursue the history of my own fictions.
it was for me to guard this sisterly affection with religious care.
mr. omers face and manner went for so much, that i could conscientiously nod my head, as divining his meaning.
i bet she'll go cold for a week now, and hungry, too.
the subject still held them when joe came in from his work to have a cup of tea.
as the familiar, concrete objects introduced in figures frequently have associated emotions, figurative expressions often make an emotional appeal.
it may be profitable to you to reflect, in future, that there never were greed and cunning in the world yet, that did not do too much, and overreach themselves.
if it does not please you i'll give your money back.
my opening moves, in general, are characterized by no mean regard for consequences.
to accomplish its purpose an introduction must be both a unit in itself and an integral part of the article.
yes, she replied; but it meant more than it said.
it appeared to me that she never said anything she wanted to say, outright; but hinted it, and made a great deal more of it by this practice.
the one called lucas was a mild and meek-looking little gentleman of clerical aspect; he had been an itinerant evangelist, it transpired, and had seen the light and become a prophet of the new dispensation.
the notion of order, which is here introduced, is one which is not required in the theory of cardinal number.
large tract of marshes about here, i believe?
it was to this building that jurgis came daily, as if dragged by an unseen hand.
defarge raised his head thoughtfully, as if there were something in that too.
the one is commonly transitory, a sound, a tongue, a dialect merely, almost brutish, and we learn it unconsciously, like the brutes, of our mothers.
the tale seems to have given much pleasure, and it brought (or, was the means of bringing) fire and food and wine to a deserving family in which i took an interest.
if mr. micawbers creditors will not give him time, said mrs. micawber, they must take the consequences; and the sooner they bring it to an issue the better.
and scornfully walked away, andwhat was worsetook the candle with her.
you'll have to clean floors and wash spittoons and fill lamps and handle trunks-- i'm willing, sir.
i'm afraid her mind's been wandering, jurgis.
the stimulating effect of a paragraph abounding in figurative expressions is well illustrated by the following passage taken from a newspaper personality sketch of a popular pulpit orator: his mind is all daylight.
in better days he bloomed out in plum-color, in blue silk, and in new velvet.
it follows that physical things are not the subjects of which number is properly predicated; for when we have discovered the proper subjects, the number to be ascribed must be unambiguous.
as they had spoken in a subdued tone, while speaking of emly, i had no doubt that she was near.
why is it not more apt to anticipate and provide for reform?
however, i am not going, said charles darnay, with a smile.
so, felons were not lodged and fed better than soldiers (to say nothing of paupers), and seldom set fire to their prisons with the excusable object of improving the flavor of their soup.
i dont, indeed, my dear boy, he returned; but i mean to say that they are managed and decided by the same set of people, down in that same doctors commons.
take notice, guard,he tried to murder me, were his first words.
then i learned to take down his lectures, to look up data in the library, to verify quotations, and even lent a hand in the book reviewing.
he dragged szedvilas out from his supper, and together they rushed to consult another lawyer.
if i rent the dear old house, and keep a school, i shall be useful and happy.
the fundamental objection to this view is logical, and consists in a criticism of its doctrine as to relations.
those conveniences which the student requires at cambridge or elsewhere cost him or somebody else ten times as great a sacrifice of life as they would with proper management on both sides.
how expert we grew at swinging up and swinging down!
i could not disguise from myself, or from the waiter, that this was an uncomfortable coincidence, and inquired how it was done.
the aeroplane motor--its concentrated energy.
if they had waited a little it could have been mr. gladstone officially.
i answered yes, and told him that mr. spenlow had introduced his name.
among particulars, we have acquaintance with sense-data and (probably) with ourselves.
would any man in his senses have trapped a wild thing in its lair, and left its young behind to die?
as i followed the chief waiter with my eyes, i could not help thinking that the garden in which he had gradually blown to be the flower he was, was an arduous place to rise in.
but he lies yonder, under a little heap of poor grass.
it seemed to me original as sin; it seemed to belong to me like my right eye.
this was market-day, and mrs. joe was out on one of these expeditions.
other people, no doubt, will find it disgustingly maudlin.
he fixed his eyes ahead of him, with painful intensity, staring at the platform as if nothing else ever had interested him, or ever could interest him, all his life.
also election day came round again, and jurgis made half a week's wages out of that, all net profit.
why should i seek to change, said i, what has been so precious to me for so long!
and even then, dear boy, said he, pulling a greasy little clasped black testament out of his pocket, well have him on his oath.
reduced to a minimum statement, the identification of the six oriental rug families amounts to this: persian rugs--floral designs drawn free hand.
she had apparently forgotten all about him, and was looking toward the platform.
he gloated over every abhorrent adjective in the description, and identified himself with every witness at the inquest.
the night had fallen on the kentish hills when we were rowed ashore--and fallen darkly upon me.
we said no more as we approached the light, but made softly for the door.
in fact, no writer should prepare an article before deciding to just what periodical he wishes to submit it.
harold chase woodward, the inventor of the explosive.
in didactic writing the call to emotion is less strong, though such a writer as jonathan edwards could explain the writhing of man like a spider before the almighty in a profoundly moving way.
after some rest and change, i fell to work, in my old ardent way, on a new fancy, which took strong possession of me.
this reaction, like that of the horse, is merely closely similar on different occasions where the environment affords instances of the same universal.
essentials, set down in athletic leanness--that is the ideal.
but this morning, in these old chambers in an ancient inn buried in the heart of london city, i have agreed to get up and go out.
many courts today are suspected of ascertaining what the equities of a controversy require, and then raking up adjudicated cases to justify the result desired.
for this reason, i suppose, they were now inflexible with one another; mr. jaggers being highly dictatorial, and wemmick obstinately justifying himself whenever there was the smallest point in abeyance for a moment.
she was the happiest thing in the world.
the porter must gently shake the curtains or the bedding from without.
if this outer kettle does not leak, it may be filled with water, which not only aids in the cooking process but also prevents burning.
there was one other boy to make up the quartet.
and such devotion and awe as welled up in his soul--now that it could never be spoken, now that it was too late, too late!
the first of these propositions is capable of an easy arithmetical proof so long as finite numbers are concerned; but with infinite numbers, after the first, it ceases to be true.
we'll talk well enough if we do that, and people won't know we haven't been.
as i saw no manure, i judged that they meant to skim the land, as i had done, thinking the soil was deep and had lain fallow long enough.
i too had fallen into the old ways, only happy and thankful that he let me.
there are, it seems to me, prima facie different kinds of causal laws, one belonging to physics and the other to psychology.
while i thought you could not help yourself, as it were, i refrained from saying it.
even ice begins with delicate crystal leaves, as if it had flowed into moulds which the fronds of water plants have impressed on the watery mirror.
they ask themselves, what is suitable to my position?
the forest has no end, and we seek no end.
and now in a flash the chance presents itself.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
and so, said agnes, quietly, i feel obliged to bear her company, when i might prefer to be alone.
the sky was blue, the larks were soaring high over the green corn, i thought all that countryside more beautiful and peaceful by far than i had ever known it to be yet.
the hospitality was as cold as the ices.
it matters little to me her not being at home, said rosa dartle haughtily, i know nothing of her.
but she was so affectionate and sweet-natured, and had such a pleasant manner of being both sly and shy at once, that she captivated me more than ever.
some points may be taken as fixed, and such as any theory of memory must arrive at.
we meet at very short intervals, not having had time to acquire any new value for each other.
the surrogate knows me, when i go down to be sworn; and disposes of me easily, as if there were a masonic understanding between us.
a word, like an image, has the same associations as its meaning has.
from the time of its purchase to the moment of its consignment to the barrel in the cellar or the rapacious wagon of the rag-and-bone man the bottle plays a vital part in our lives.
i shall say no more on this topic at present, since it is desirable first to complete the psychological answer.
there was no one he could go to for help--he had to manage it all alone.
better there than here, said a third voice aloud--marthas, though she did not move.
yet, there was an air about him that was not all of pity--that had a flush of pride in it.
let me suggest a few comparisons, that some one may convey an idea of my situation.
to the jurists of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries no distinction between natural obligations and civil obligations was maintainable since all natural rights or obligations must for the very reason that they were natural be legal also.
she read it, in the same stately and impassive way,--untouched by its contents, as far as i could see,--and returned it to him.
he hoped that with intelligent assistance i should meet with little to discourage me, and should soon be able to dispense with any aid but his.
if theres death hid inside of it, there is, and let him come out, and ill face him, and then ill believe in him and not afore.
old barley might be as old as the hills, and might swear like a whole field of troopers, but there were redeeming youth and trust and hope enough in chinkss basin to fill it to overflowing.
then, o great heaven, i saw it, close in upon us!
from that time until now, trot, you have ever been a credit to me and a pride and a pleasure.
jane murdstone, leave it to me, if you please.
the first of these theories, namely, that which regards discomfort and pleasure as actual contents in those who experience them, has, i think, nothing conclusive to be said in its favour.
no, masr davy, he returned, drawing his hand thoughtfully down his face.
she began to scream aloud, her voice like the voice of some wild beast: ah!
doady, dear, i am afraid i was too young.
come and fight, said the pale young gentleman.
he said, putting his arm on my shoulder, as he took his seat.
my mother, who was then a widow, brought her here to be company to her.
said the marquis, but smoothly, and with an unchanged front, except as to the spots on his nose: i would ride over any of you very willingly, and exterminate you from the earth.
it is obvious, for instance--and so obvious that it is not often enough stated--that america has and will continue to have a fundamentally english civilization.
to make the matter clear, we will take the simplest possible illustration.
this difference of opinion will seem to be ethical or intellectual, whereas its real basis is a difference of impulse.
so, the sunrise came, and the shadows of the leaves of the plane-tree moved upon his face, as softly as her lips had moved in praying for him.
i must refer to one other topic before i close this chapter.
a cat which is put into a cage of which it has had experience behaves differently from the way in which it behaved at first.
he would not stay to breakfast), it appeared to me as if the night was going away in his person.
i talked to her on the subjects which occupied my thoughts; and i read shakespeare to her--and fatigued her to the last degree.
de la grasserie, les principes sociologiques du droit civil, ch.
but as the day declined, the life seemed to go down too.
it seemed to be so; for, when i stopped speaking, many moments passed before she showed that she was conscious of the fact.
and then jurgis would drop his work, whatever it was, and come, and the other would say, comrade jurgis, just tell these gentlemen what you saw on the killing-beds.
the words took effect quite independently of the thought behind them.
it appeared more beautiful to live low and fare hard in many respects; and though i never did so, i went far enough to please my imagination.
he was in no uneasiness concerning his getting into the house again, for it was full of lodgers, and the door stood ajar all night.
shortly after noon a linotype operator came to me with his hands full of copy.
in another moment she suppressed this emotion; and said with an aspect more triumphant than dejected: we must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear.
neither were they connected with fear: he was conscious of no fear.
i am told by biddy, that air the writing, said joe, repeating the legal turn as if it did him infinite good, account of him the said matthew.
and let me have none of your tricks here, said mr. trabb, or you shall repent it, you young scoundrel, the longest day you have to live.
if we can be made to see what forces went to the making of anything, or what has resulted from it, we shall have a fairly clear idea of the nature of the thing.
the wound was a sword-thrust, received from twenty to twenty-four hours before, but no skill could have saved him if it had been looked to without delay.
and we were frightened that we had lived for twenty-one years and had never known what joy is possible to men.
my aunt dismissed the matter with a heavy sigh, and smoothed her dress.
all in a moment, with nothing to lead up to it, my sister would stop herself in a yawn, and catching sight of me as it were incidentally, would swoop upon me with, come!
how old were you when you came upon him in the little churchyard?
i do not know whether i heard the sounds of a suppressed hilarity or not.
but in fact 'knowledge' is not a precise conception: it merges into 'probable opinion', as we shall see more fully in the course of the present chapter.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
so very emphatically and unexpectedly, that we were all three discomposed; until tiffey came in with the bill.
when i saw him going downstairs early in the morning (for, thank heaven!
if the coal could have been dumped on the sidewalk and carried in later, releasing the truck, that would have saved expense and made more deliveries possible.
the word which can never die on this earth, for it is the heart of it and the meaning and the glory.
the effect that the writer desires in the reader's mind may be of different natures.
imperiously stopping me as i opened my lips.
what does africa,what does the west stand for?
theres good sport there if the water be not too high.
then miss mills benignantly dismissed me, saying, go back to dora!
there is another question to which an answer must be found, consistent with the principles which have been laid down.
my aunt was walking up and down the room when i returned, crimping the borders of her nightcap with her fingers.
creating the works from print editions not protected by u.s. copyright law means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
the same thing is exemplified in geometry.
to tell when the scythe is sharp enough this is the rule.
in the first fright and horror of her situation, miss pross passed the body as far from it as she could, and ran down the stairs to call for fruitless help.
their application to particular types of articles is shown in the following pages.
when i returned, mr. wickfield had come home, from a garden he had, a couple of miles or so out of town, where he now employed himself almost every day.
i shouldn't even dare to get bail for you--why, i might ruin myself for life!
then martha arose, and gathering her shawl about her, covering her face with it, and weeping aloud, went slowly to the door.
you might have gone farther off, i said, brightening a little, and been as bad as lost.
i did, at least; but i had my doubts of peggotty, who was thoughtfully sticking her needle into various parts of her face and arms, all the time.
these were their natural rights and the law existed simply to protect and give effect to these rights.
i should like you to see it when its snug, its such a curious place.
he drank the very last drop of it, and then he gave vent to a long-drawn ah!
have the goodness, if you please, to set him right before the assembled school.
and as we look upon the uncharted forest far in the night, we think of the secrets of the unmentionable times.
he had said it again in new york, when the smooth-spoken agent had taken them in hand and made them pay such high prices, and almost prevented their leaving his place, in spite of their paying.
the allusion served as a timely reminder to darnay that this disagreeable companion had, of his own free will, assisted him in the strait of the day.
the cabinet in which his mother had kept his letters was there.
and from gentlefolks!that ill swear werent wrote in print, said joe.
he must discriminate between what the public is entitled to know and what an individual has a right to keep private.
carl's book had already been discovered over there--that is perhaps the only reason it was discovered later over here--and every one was so kind about it.
by dint of straining that term out of myself several times and tapping the old gentleman on the chest to associate it with him, i at last succeeded in making my meaning understood.
but, when she suffered it to break loose, it was only for a moment.
for this reason, i retained my modesty in very self-respect; and the more praise i got, the more i tried to deserve.
when mr. and miss murdstone were at home, i took my meals with them; in their absence, i ate and drank by myself.
but a door of communication between that and the doctors study, where there was a light, being open, i passed on there, to say what i wanted, and to get a candle.
marija was working for one of the independent packers, and was quite beside herself and outrageous with triumph over the sums of money she was making as a painter of cans.
the candles are lit, and the councils of the different homes stand in a pulpit, and they speak to us of our duties and of our brother men.
what was the author's controlling purpose?
let us spend one day as deliberately as nature, and not be thrown off the track by every nutshell and mosquitos wing that falls on the rails.
[ transcriber's note: the following is a list of corrections made to the original.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
nothing but the production of the afflicted gabelle's letter from his prison of the abbaye would have got him on so far.
it was a monster devouring with a thousand mouths, trampling with a thousand hoofs; it was the great butcher--it was the spirit of capitalism made flesh.
the two properties of reflexiveness and non-inductiveness, which we have considered as characteristics of infinite numbers, have not so far been proved to be always found together.
said mr. dick, feebly, scratching his head.
it is the physical person of the one in natural possession which is secured, not his relation to the thing held.
above these, were range upon range of craggy steeps, grey rock, bright ice, and smooth verdure-specks of pasture, all gradually blending with the crowning snow.
therefore i checked myself, and made my meaning plainer.
this is drawn off into a second tank with a greater admixture of water and thence passes into the third and fourth.
compeyson took it easy as a good riddance for both sides.
why, someun even made offer fur to marry her!
but as for gondibert, i would except that passage in the preface about wit being the souls powder,but most of mankind are strangers to wit, as indians are to powder.
as the dragon charged it released huge clouds of hissing steam through its nostrils.
revived philosophical jurisprudence has its first and perhaps its greatest opportunity in the anglo-american law of contracts.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
we can form visual images of sunshine and moonshine, and it may happen that our image of the sunshine is the brighter of the two, but this is by no means either necessary or sufficient.
just so the writer should constantly scan the horizon of the reader's mind for signs of interest and for shafts of intelligence.
my accounts, which i can swear to have kept faithfully, i have, indeed, never got audited, still less accepted, still less paid and settled.
it was easy to bring them, for wages were really much higher, and it was only when it was too late that the poor people found out that everything else was higher too.
hammocks were swung out in the yards--and a hammock hung outside of the screens is the barometer of the mosquito condition.
it transplants easily, and under cultivation reaches a large size and holds its bloom a long time.
i know the house of old, you recollect, said i, and will find my way upstairs.
we have not talked much, but dora has been perfectly contented and cheerful.
they divided up the spoils, and jurgis got as his share fifty-five dollars and some change.
will you promise me one thing, peggotty?
if he can stake his all upon the lightest object, i can stake my all upon a greater purpose.
we may imagine a time when, in the infancy of the human race, some enterprising mortal crept into a hollow in a rock for shelter.
the life which men praise and regard as successful is but one kind.
ona's eyes closed and when she spoke again she did not open them.
it makes a broad separation between those who can be permitted to receive its doctrines on conviction, and those who must accept them on trust.
the human faculties of perception, judgment, discriminative feeling, mental activity, and even moral preference, are exercised only in making a choice.
well, i dont know how it is, my dear, he replied, considering about it.
yet even these are hardly to be scorned--when one is sixty.
he had a large watch-chain, and strong black dots where his beard and whiskers would have been if he had let them.
i have known what it is to be a street-waif, a bootblack, living upon a crust of bread and sleeping in cellar stairways and under empty wagons.
so, the close of every week was a delicious time for me; and i got through the rest of the week by looking forward to it.
and were they not checks of a denomination far larger than those we selfishly cashed for ourselves?
in addition, the plant boasts a complete machine shop where all the molds are made and the machines repaired.
why hadn't boswell told us there was a clergyman present?
i watched him into the heart of mr. micawbers letter, and returned the elevation of eyebrows with which he said wielding the thunderbolt, or directing the devouring and avenging flame!
her father and their old friend got into it, and he took his seat beside the driver.
and yet change has gone on rapidly, if subconsciously, until the present confused mass of unsystematized and unsystematizable rules has resulted.
and then again--a monthly rental of twelve dollars, for a period of eight years and four months!
but, since slovenly, ill-assorted, illegible notes require extraordinary time for deciphering and arranging, it is of the greatest importance that you conserve your future minutes by making your notes neat, ordered, legible.
i'm a going--as your mother knows--a fishing.
the best of the contributions are submitted to the editor for a final decision.
she stretched out her hand, and i went down on my knee and put it to my lips.
but in psychology we are hardly yet at the stage of boyle's law.
each morning the manager of this gallery substituted some new picture, distinguished by more brilliant or harmonious coloring, for the old upon the walls.
it is a development of the equivalent theory.
this is guaranteed by the legal order in civil society and gives us the regime of external mine and thine.
if, for example, a person interviewed objects to having his name used, it is possible to present the material obtained by the interview in the form of a personal experience story.
in two years and a half he had learned to speak english for practical purposes, but these had never included the statement that some one had intimidated and seduced his wife.
but the bee carries the antidote to its own poison.
rome will be a ugly customer to you, if you don't.
in reply, it may be admitted at once that there is, as a rule, a certain amount of truth in the objection.
is there no old banker, no old business, no old servant, no old time, rising in your mind, monsieur manette?
i didnt know, and now i do know, and that shows the advantage of asking--dont it?
they may be of the same blood, but, believe me, they are not of the same nature.
that first unlucky obligation, i have paid.
i have also a small wood-shed adjoining, made chiefly of the stuff which was left after building the house.
the prospect of the change and separation, and all that, is, as one may say, close to her and far away from her, both at once.
hereupon, mr. pocket went out of the room, and we made the best of ourselves until he came back.
youre thankful to her, and you love her.
in both respects, it is the fulfilment of a hope which leibniz cherished throughout his life, and pursued with all the ardour of his amazing intellectual energy.
we finally retreated without doing any mischief,returned to sleep and gondibert.
old barley was growling and swearing when we repassed his door, with no appearance of having ceased or of meaning to cease.
she had shrunk all up with her rheumatism since jurgis had seen her last, and her yellow parchment face stared up at him from a little above the level of the doorknob.
whereupon i made him the extreme reply that i believed he knew where i was to be found.
but, unfortunately, there has been, he paused and took a deep breath--a slight relapse.
when i came here today, i thought that nothing could have wrested this confession from me.
you would enter into sleep with your eyes shut.
glacial action in the mississippi valley.
this is a typical incident in the extremely busy, richly human daily routine of the man who created the office of dean of men in american universities.
the reporter is relayed into the innermost sanctum by a succession of richly clothed attendants.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
he paused in his breakfast, and crossing his arms, and pinching his shirt-sleeves (his notion of in-door comfort was to sit without any coat), he nodded to me once, to put my question.
once or twice she was surprised by the clerk who called her name.
all the sordid suggestions of the place were gone--in the twilight it was a vision of power.
i was very much impressed, and not for the first time, by my guardians subtlety.
with nursery trees the larger they are the better it is, for they have a lot of small roots that do not have to be cut off.
mr. murdstone comes out of his chair, takes the book, throws it at me or boxes my ears with it, and turns me out of the room by the shoulders.
we passed the finger-post, and held straight on to the churchyard.
its so stupid at home, she replied, and miss murdstone is so absurd!
there were twelve in all in the party, five adults and six children--and ona, who was a little of both.
so also the traditional rule was not a magic formula discovered by our fathers.
and without this delight in life his essays will not be read, for they will not present a pleasing personality, and the life of the essay is its personal note.
but the owner of this tree lives in london, reading books.
also they were borrowing money from marija, and eating up her bank account, and spoiling once again her hopes of marriage and happiness.
goldsmith's father was no doubt the good doctor primrose, whom we all of us know.
there was a woman in the shop--elderly female--quite a griffin--who had never even heard of it by name.
then the buyer says, as though moved by a great desire, that he is ready to give so much for the pig, naming half the proper price, or a little less.
and the premium, stamp included, is a thousand pounds, said mr. spenlow.
it may have grown up out of almost nothing.
and now tell us, said i, everything relating to your fortunes.
and then again, when they went to pay their january's installment on the house, the agent terrified them by asking them if they had had the insurance attended to yet.
only within the scaffolding of these truths, only on the firm foundation of unyielding despair, can the soul's habitation henceforth be safely built.
he now asked what mr. jack maldon had actually written in reference to himself, and to whom he had written?
laws embodied in differential equations may possibly be exact, but cannot be known to be so.
the mass of men serve the state thus, not as men mainly, but as machines, with their bodies.
i believe, with all my soul, that we shall see the triumph.
i saw reawakening appetite in the roman nostrils of mr. wopsle.
i am myself inclined, as a working hypothesis, to adopt the belief in question, and to hold that past experience only affects present behaviour through modifications of physiological structure.
there has been no change at home, said agnes, after a few moments.
said stryver the portly, with his hands in his waistband, glancing round from the sofa where he lay on his back.
if self-evidence is alleged as a ground of belief, that implies that doubt has crept in, and that our self-evident proposition has not wholly resisted the assaults of scepticism.
it took me such a long time to write an answer at all to my satisfaction, that i dont know what the ticket-porter can have thought, unless he thought i was learning to write.
i hardly seem yet, returned charles darnay, to belong to this world again.
he had not the most tractable pupils, however.
and, if you are a hard-headed, practical person, you must nevertheless admit that a college education is broadening, chastening, in its influence.
in the common notion of causation, the cause is a single event--we say the lightning causes the thunder, and so on.
the drum's was the only voice in saint antoine that blood and hurry had not changed.
every christmas day, mrs. joe replied, as she now replied, o, uncle pum-blechook!
every minute, as the train sped on, the colors of things became dingier; the fields were grown parched and yellow, the landscape hideous and bare.
when jurgis started slowly across the street toward him, he gave a quick glance about, meditating retreat, but then he concluded to stand his ground.
we brought water from the stream which runs among the trees under our windows.
i assured him of my keeping the secret, and begged to be favored with further particulars.
and do you remember, retorted mr. jaggers, that but for me you wouldnt be here and couldnt be here?
the stryver clerk, who never assisted at these conferences, had gone home, and the stryver principal opened the door.
it is much easier to say what does not please us then than what is exactly right.
if it hadnt been for me, his own brother would have shut him up for life.
but i think, again, this is no reason why i should do as they do, or permit others to suffer much greater pain of a different kind.
betsey trotwood dont look a likely subject for the tender passion, said my aunt, composedly, but the time was, trot, when she believed in that man most entirely.
no one would assert that people ought not to put into their mode of life, and into the conduct of their concerns, any impress whatever of their own judgment, or of their own individual character.
it seemed a very world that i must search through in a moment.
but men in society came to a division of things by agreement.
she looked at me more attentively, and i noticed a quick movement of her hands towards each other.
other people's bodies behave as ours do when we have certain thoughts and feelings; hence, by analogy, it is natural to suppose that such behaviour is connected with thoughts and feelings like our own.
on which can you more surely depend for making a just estimate?
these are said to be accurate when they give different results for very slightly different stimuli.
his strong loose hands clench themselves, in his earnestness; and he emphasizes what he says with a right arm that shows, in my pigmy view, like a sledge-hammer.
as pleasantly as i could anywhere, away from you.
the penny-post is, commonly, an institution through which you seriously offer a man that penny for his thoughts which is so often safely offered in jest.
then ostrinski in turn explained his circumstances.
youre much too pretty and thoughtless--my mother blushed but laughed, and seemed not to dislike this character--to have any duties imposed upon you that can be undertaken by me.
she looked up at me suddenly, only moving her eyes, and repeated in a grimly playful manner, well?
what is to become of us, if those shoes are not done to-night?
but it is necessary first to complete our preliminary requisites, and then to examine the content of a belief.
she was a little, sharp-eyed woman, who used to wear, when she was dressed, one unchangeable cap, ornamented with some artificial flowers, and two artificial butterflies supposed to be hovering above the flowers.
i spoke to her, and she started, and cried out.
made so, i am sure, by mrs. micawber, said i. i hope she is well?
i don't know where your family is, she said.
my aunt was deeply interested in them, and walked up and down the room with her arms folded, for more than two hours afterwards.
but symonds (to be sure) was scarce the confidant to go to for sympathy on a boys story.
when i looked round, i could see the other lights coming in after us.
and george, of the pullmans, is going to watch over you this night as a mother hen might watch over her solitary chick.
is your brother an agreeable man, peggotty?
the unity which philosophers rightly feel to be necessary for the assertion of a number is the unity of the general term, and it is the general term which is the proper subject of number.
i tingle again from head to foot as my recollection turns that corner, and my pen shakes in my hand.
for the understanding of memory, and of knowledge generally, the recognizable resemblance of images and sensations is of fundamental importance.
these are two yarmouth boatmen--very kind, good people--who are relations of my nurse, and have come from gravesend to see me.
round this hypothesis a very voluminous literature has grown up.
everyone who knows me, spoils me, i believe, she answered, smiling.
is the belief in a god one of the opinions, to feel sure of which, you hold to be assuming infallibility?
it was impossible to say to that sweet little surprised face, otherwise than lightly and playfully, that we must work to live.
but desire governs no more than a part of human activity, and that not the most important but only the more conscious, explicit, and civilized part.
when these associations are active, an image means an image, instead of meaning its prototype.
moreover, this being one of those worn-out and exhausted lay fields which enjoy their sabbath, had perchance, as sir kenelm digby thinks likely, attracted vital spirits from the air.
it was no relief to turn round and find nobody; for wherever my back was, there i imagined somebody always to be.
third, immediately after leaving the person whom he has interviewed, the writer should jot down facts, figures, striking statements, and anything else that he might forget.
the assistant was off duty every other sunday, and on alternate weeks was given all day tuesday off instead of sunday.
now, handel, herbert replied, in his gay, hopeful way, it seems to me that in the despondency of the tender passion, we are looking into our gift-horses mouth with a magnifying-glass.
returns outweigh is the opinion of the employer, for the cost school work increases the efficiency in the factory sufficiently to make up for the time taken out of working hours.
from the crannies frail hair bells dangle forth.
his experience with different editors, as recorded in his manuscript record, often assists him materially in placing his work to the best advantage.
i'm an honest man, and i'm strong and willing-- the other was eying him narrowly.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
i have known such energy as yours do great things before now--though never, he added, with a smile and a sigh together, such great things as this.
your original judgment, that cooper's indians are not accurate portraits of their kind, would not be modified; for the whole work, however, you would have a new attitude.
they do not pin the reader to a dogma, which he must afterwards discover to be inexact; they do not teach him a lesson, which he must afterwards unlearn.
witness the present mexican war, the work of comparatively a few individuals using the standing government as their tool; for, in the outset, the people would not have consented to this measure.
the attempt in the nineteenth century to romanize our theories of liability involved a romanized will-theory of contract.
both teachers and learners go to sleep at their post, as soon as there is no enemy in the field.
some of our northern indians eat raw the marrow of the arctic reindeer, as well as various other parts, including the summits of the antlers, as long as they are soft.
no glimpse of daylight was to be seen in it.
adolescence is certainly far from a uniformly pleasant period.
but this operation is really a very complicated one, and those who imagine that it is the logical source of number show themselves remarkably incapable of analysis.
towers and temples are the luxury of princes.
i had never seen her shed a tear before, and, in the hope that the relief might do her good, i bent over her without speaking.
and the lark was never gayer than that excellent woman.
allowing five to a family, there are fifteen million families in this country; and at least ten million of these live separately, the domestic drudge being either the wife or a wage slave.
it may rise this year higher than man has ever known it, and flood the parched uplands; even this may be the eventful year, which will drown out all our muskrats.
i could readily believe that, looking at the face beside him.
of unjust treatment in detention and hardship, and in cruel separation from his wife and child, he foreshadowed the likelihood, or the certainty; but, beyond this, he dreaded nothing distinctly.
only the night before a dragon had come close to the school grounds and had eaten some of the lettuce from the garden.
the clocks are on the stroke of three, and the furrow ploughed among the populace is turning round, to come on into the place of execution, and end.
of course every newspaper and agency developed a virtuous anxiety to track the culprit, and all resources were directed to that end.
it was a startling likeness, and necessarily had a startling look.
when i had entered he was sweeping the shop, and he had sweetened his labors by sweeping over me.
the number of points is the same in a long line and in a short one, being in fact the same as the number of points in all space.
dear mr. traddles and dear trotwood, papa once free with honour, what could i wish for!
cried mr. micawber, stopping him on his way to the bell; appetite and myself, mr. dixon, have long been strangers.
this brings us back to our original problem, as to the grounds for believing in the existence of anything outside my private world.
in pursuance of my aunts kind scheme, i was shortly afterwards fitted out with a handsome purse of money, and a portmanteau, and tenderly dismissed upon my expedition.
although data can only be criticised by other data, not by an outside standard, yet we may distinguish different grades of certainty in the different kinds of common knowledge which we enumerated just now.
it was not a matter of conscious human endeavor.
but it is not necessary, said miss murdstone, that these opinions should come into collision here.
then comes the locomotive, followed by a long train of trucks laden with sleepers.
to write constantly under guidance and criticism, such as it is impossible to secure in newspaper and magazine offices, will develop whatever ability a student possesses.
for each book will usually have the three cards of subject, author, and title.
i then went up to mr. jorkinss room, and evidently astonished mr. jorkins very much by making my appearance there.
to ape a sentiment, even a good one, is to travesty a sentiment; that will not be helpful.
some hopeful notion of seeing her, busily engaged in her daily duties, before she saw me, had been in my mind and was defeated.
steerforth laughed to that degree, that it was impossible for me to help laughing too; though i am not sure i should have done so, but for this inducement.
whether this is the case or not, is an empirical question; but if it is not, there is no reason to expect the time-series to be compact.
there comes out of the cloud, our house--not new to me, but quite familiar, in its earliest remembrance.
one day in midsummer, when i was hoeing, a man who was carrying a load of pottery to market stopped his horse against my field and inquired concerning wyman the younger.
certainly, dora first, i hope, said agnes, laughing.
the picture produced an immense sensation in the little crowd; but all eyes, without comparing notes with other eyes, looked at monsieur the marquis.
perhaps this is the great mother's compensation in a harsh mode of life.
this principle has not received the attention which its great importance deserves.
i have now concluded, sir, said joe, rising from his chair, and, pip, i wish you ever well and ever prospering to a greater and a greater height.
there has always been an estella, since i have heard of a miss havisham.
a smiling strawberry student, who is passing, readily tells all that going to a garden school means.
repeated the doctor, bending his head with reverence.
it is a similar certificate, enabling him and his daughter and her child, at any time, to pass the barrier and the frontier!
it was a large long room with some large maps in it.
but it is equally true that there could be no jones unless there were something like walking for him to do.
from the forest and wilderness come the tonics and barks which brace mankind.
they went away by one of the london night coaches, and i know no more about him; except that his malevolence to me at parting was audacious.
are you foolish enough to believe that it's done for the public?
i am afraid that must be admitted, said herbert; and then i shall come back for the dear little thing, and the dear little thing and i will walk quietly into the nearest church.
we must break up the character and see its manifestations and the results of the influences that molded it.
nothings truer than them, repeated mr. barkis; a man as poor as i am, finds that out in his mind when hes laid up.
so, with a quiet sigh for me, biddy rose from the bank, and said, with a fresh and pleasant change of voice, shall we walk a little farther, or go home?
give me a hammer, and let me feel for the furring.
since, however, they sell the same material to many papers, they can afford to do so at a comparatively low price and still make a fair profit.
judging from myself, i should say he certainly had a turn afterwards, if he had had none before.
said madame defarge, raising her eyebrows with a cool business air.
i had but a broken sleep the night before, in anticipation of the pleasure of a whole day with emly.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
for answer, let us look at this challenging figure on the white charger.
he first laughed at my words, and then frowned at them.
indeed, taking possession of what one discovers is so in accord with a fundamental human instinct that discovery and occupation have stood in the books ever since substantially as the romans stated them.
i am afraid that wont improve their brightness, dora.
let every man make known what kind of government would command his respect, and that will be one step toward obtaining it.
the fact that her gory reminiscences are welcomed by an editor with the popular taste in view is perhaps more significant than appears either to editor or public.
when thirty or forty sleepers have been deposited in this manner, a pair of steel rails are picked up by the booms from the trucks behind the track-layer, are swung through the air, and lowered.
i endeavoured to hit a happy medium between these two extremes; my aunt approved the result; and mr. dick threw one of his shoes after traddles and me, for luck, as we went downstairs.
but, i think you would find, copperfield, if you had an opportunity of observing his course, that money would never keep that man out of mischief.
this, and the resumption of my ring, as well as of the bears grease in moderation, are the last marks i can discern, now, in my progress to seventeen.
methods of irrigation in the united states.
scarcely had they gone a block, however, before jonas was heard to give a cry, and began pointing excitedly across the street.
a political situation may be explained by relating the events that led up to it.
that condition was, that he should make a solemn resolution to grant no more loans of his name, or anything else, to mr. micawber.
mr. pumblechook winked assent; from which i at once inferred that he had never seen miss havisham, for she was nothing of the kind.
what, then, are the difficulties which, until the last thirty years, led philosophers to the belief that infinite numbers are impossible?
this position i continued to occupy during the whole interview, and from it i now saw mr. and miss murdstone enter the room.
each is the proper guardian of his own health, whether bodily, or mental and spiritual.
it was mr. jack maldon; and mr. jack maldon was not at all improved by india, i thought.
* but the weight of opinion among physiologists appears to be against him on this point; and we ought certainly to require very strong evidence before admitting any such breach of continuity as between living and dead matter.
your mother's a nice woman, young jerry, going a praying agin your father's prosperity.
agnes and hospitality prevailed, however, and i conducted him to my fireside.
many years since i used to go there to collect the sand by cart-loads, to make sand-paper with, and i have continued to visit it ever since.
we had counted on a proportion of the troops being on the deck, a steadying number to balance the sudden rush from below that we foresaw in emergency.
she asked me where she was, and i told her; who i was, and i told her.
now, there was no reasonable evidence to implicate any person but this woman, and on the improbabilities of her having been able to do it mr. jaggers principally rested his case.
however, the government does not concern me much, and i shall bestow the fewest possible thoughts on it.
we are the subjects of an experiment which is not a little interesting to me.
we may identify propositions in general with the contents of actual and possible beliefs, and we may say that it is propositions that are true or false.
from dawn until darkness falls, hour after hour, along hudson street slowly, steadily moves a mighty procession of great trucks.
the literature of instinct is vast, and illustrations might be multiplied indefinitely.
the physiological process of stimulation.
mr. quinion then formally engaged me to be as useful as i could in the warehouse of murdstone and grinby, at a salary, i think, of six shillings a week.
both are faithful; but the years in which their relation has slept in mutual silence and ignorance have turned the one into a dashing criminal, the other into a sober officer of the law.
the daisy of the field, at sunrise, is not fresher than you are.
yes, he said, he would try, for the sake of antanas.
how you sang to me of sedums, and whispered of peonies and irises--yea, even of german irises!
when we remember, the knowing is now, while what is known is in the past.
---- is a charming fellow with the face of a baluchi kashgai and a voice like a circular saw.
mindful of the secret, darnay with great difficulty checked himself, and said: you may not understand the gentleman.
mr. peggotty touched me, and whispered with much awe and reverence.
this is a fellow, she said, to champion and bring here, is he not?
you want to keep the keys yourself, and give out all the things, i suppose?
but when he did find spoken words for it, they came to him coherently, though slowly.
his face was always full of expression, but i never saw it express such a dark kind of earnestness as when he said these words, with his glance bent on the fire.
perhaps, returned my friend, but theres no knowing.
the reaper and binder--the coperation of parts.
but the facts i am speaking of have no facts among their constituents, but only things and relations.
my picture was in her room, and i was in her prayers.
he was sick and disgusted, but after the new plan of his life, he crushed his feelings down.
suddenly your adversarys checker disappears beneath the board, and the problem is to place yours nearest to where his will appear again.
certainly not, if it referred to any ceremony.
the process starts, really, with fitting the job to the child, and that is as it should be.
there was nothing in this action to attract my particular attention, for i had seen common people struck more commonly than dogs.
all i desire, mr. copperfield, is, that it should be forgotten.
he who knows only his own side of the case, knows little of that.
i began to reflect whether i had done anything to offend her; and my conscience whispered me that i had not yet told her about dora.
but we must not falsify observation to avoid theoretical difficulties.
now nothing is farther from le saint indiffrent than cheap indifferentism, so-called: the sickness of sophomores.
from his white cabin at the top of a venerable structure comes the dean of the saltfish business.
the forces hover on the edge of action, unheeding the little noises.
they were discussing this question, and were almost building up some weak structure of hope on his prolonged absence, when they heard him on the stairs.
ive been done everything to, pretty wellexcept hanged.
with the principle of induction, all that is wanted for such inferences can be proved; without it, all such inferences are invalid.
to them i wish to add the money as she come away with.
we melt strange metals, and we mix acids, and we cut open the bodies of the animals which we find in the city cesspool.
never mind, said jurgis; i've got it, and i want it changed.
he, anything but a guide, a support, and a friend to me!
in point of fact, we were playing at puss in the corner.
on this second day, mr. lorry saluted him cheerfully by his name, and spoke to him on topics that had been of late familiar to them.
you aint looked slowly forward to this as i have; you wosnt prepared for this as i wos.
that is his power over you as long as he remains in england, and that would be his reckless course if you forsook him.
they exchanged looks, but bent their heads to me as i bent mine to them, and we parted without another word on either side.
it may have been a signal for loosening the general tongue.
the clean, sanitary appearance of the chicken when it is unpacked in the kitchen of your customer goes a long way toward prejudicing that customer in your favor.
he worked, and worked, and worked, in silence, and words fell on him as they would have fallen on an echoless wall, or on the air.
we must measure the law with reference to the interest.
high vaulted rooms with cool uncarpeted floors, great dogs upon the hearths for the burning of wood in winter time, and all luxuries befitting the state of a marquis in a luxurious age and country.
you are well on your way to the poor wronged gentleman, and, with a fair sea voyage, and a fair land journey, you will be soon at his dear side.
which i meantersay, if the ghost of a mans own father cannot be allowed to claim his attention, what can, sir?
you'd best begin, or you'll be sorry--it's raining outside.
my hurried inquiry if i might peep in, was answered with a free permission; and, looking through the glass, i saw her sitting at her work.
the theory to be advocated in what follows is largely plato's, with merely such modifications as time has shown to be necessary.
a very agreeable change, indeed, returned my mother.
heres a genlmn behind me, ill pound it, said william, as has bred em by wholesale.
i have not the honour to be acquainted with the emperor of china, but i truly judge that he exists.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
you have chosen freely for yourself; a cloud passed over her face for a moment, i thought; and you have chosen a very pretty and a very affectionate creature.
we got into the chaise again soon after dark, and drove cosily back, looking up at the stars, and talking about them.
style is not to be regarded as mere ornament added to ordinary forms of expression.
he points out that, on this view, no movement can be made voluntarily unless it has previously occurred involuntarily.
so tis with her little bonnets and that.
a year ago may he caught and brought me, not doing the least injury, an oriole that probably had flown against a wire and was struggling disabled in the grass.
the footsteps die out for ever along the paris streets, the death-carts rumble, hollow and harsh.
when we are viewing a man from the outside, it is not his beliefs, but his bodily movements, that we can observe.
apparently there always has been a conspiracy of natural forces to compel men of thought and resourcefulness to add another asset to progress.
to make clear, to explain,--that is the task of exposition.
you dont mind admitting that, i suppose?
if a man should walk through this town and see only the reality, where, think you, would the mill-dam go to?
frequently several different impressions are combined.
there was a gold watch, for one thing, with a chain and locket; there was a silver pencil, and a matchbox, and a handful of small change, and finally a card-case.
after all, here is the full measure of the job.
i was very anxious to know what was going to be done with me, and so was peggotty; but neither she nor i could pick up any information on the subject.
a silence succeeding, i was undecided whether to go or stay.
she replied, my brother is robust, i am obliged to you.
man wanted a home, a place of warmth, or comfort, first of physical warmth, then the warmth of the affections.
consequently, the mortgage is paid off in ten to forty years according to the rate of payment on the loan that the debtor himself elects to pay when the contract is made.
that is the man, said mr. jaggers, in new south wales.
but although the experience in question is common, it is not wholly easy to give a theoretical account of it.
it may be questioned, however, whether this assumption is actually unavoidable, though it is unquestionably the most natural one to make.
you scarcely noticed it at first--it sunk into your consciousness, a vague disturbance, a trouble.
deep ditch, single drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers, cannon, muskets, fire and smoke.
on the monday morning at a quarter before nine, herbert went to the counting-house to report himself,to look about him, too, i suppose,and i bore him company.
no!--i thought peggotty would have thrown the candlestick away, she was so emphatic with it.
when he returned, the train was backing into the buffalo station.
the difficulties that might be felt are those of infinity, for in a compact series the number of terms between any two given terms must be infinite.
if he injures his property, he does harm to those who directly or indirectly derived support from it, and usually diminishes, by a greater or less amount, the general resources of the community.
j. steerforth, esquire, debtor, to the willing mind; thats not it.
i was unwilling to damp my good friends confidence, and therefore assented.
to have told little johnny in the beginning that he must keep his chemicals away from flame would have avoided explosion and death; to declaim loudly after the explosion is of no value.
he was only half able to realize the words.
statistics sometimes appear less formidable if they are incorporated in an interview or in a conversation.
that was english, and no mistake, and all the history of civilization could show nothing on the tables of mankind to equal it.
so he put on his hat, and went out with his cane under his arm: very upright, and humming a tune when he was clear of the counting-house.
but the pain only exists because of the impulse, and the impulse itself is directed to an act, not to escaping from the pain of restraining the impulse.
the golden rule is the best guide for a writer in such cases.
the basin fell to the ground broken, and the water flowed to the feet of madame defarge.
before him i have step by step abandoned name and reputation, peace and quiet, house and home.
they--they sent me to tell you-- he said, with a gulp.
never had i breathed, and never would i breatheor so i resolveda word of estella to provis.
these questions may deal with different phases of the subject or may repeat the first question in other words.
in the last act, the girl herself, young and beautiful, advances toward the altar on which fagots have been piled high.
instead of being transfixed, herbert replied in an easy matter-of-course way, exactly.
where he lives no fugitive slave laws are passed.
i remember it as a kind of half chaise-cart, half pianoforte-van, painted of a sombre colour, and drawn by a black horse with a long tail.
one night i was sitting in the chimney corner with my slate, expending great efforts on the production of a letter to joe.
why should he go to india, except to harass me?
happy they would have been, i dare say, if they could have dismissed me at a months warning too.
i've had a broken arm, and i can't work, and i've not a cent in my pocket.
in this way mind asserts its subtle mastery over the thoughtless forces of nature.
i said; and herbert came bursting in, with the airy freshness of six hundred miles of france upon him.
this definition, as frege (expressing it in slightly different terms) showed, yields the usual arithmetical properties of numbers.
it might not be a perfect system; nothing was perfect; but what he objected to, was, the insertion of the wedge.
there are in this argument a good many fallacies which have been important in the history of philosophy, and which it will be as well to bring to light.
the particularly important thing about this offer was that only a small part of the money need be had at once--the rest one might pay a few dollars every month.
i was too attentive to the doctor and his wife, to give any heed to this request; and it made no impression on anybody else; so mrs. markleham panted, stared, and fanned herself.
these are all the animals of consequence which frequent it now.
she raised her eyes, and clasped her hands, and looked as beautiful and true, i thought, as any spirit.
a sense of security is difficult of definition.
his expression was, a round score o year ago, and amost directly after i took up wi compeyson.
lawyers begin to generalize and to frame conscious theories in the later part of the stage of the strict law.
is a believer in unitarianism a christian?
miss pross, with a terrified face, was at his ear.
by stimulating interest and curiosity, it leads the average person to read on until he is satisfied.
everything that belongs to her, or is connected with her, is precious to me.
but then he gave up all he had won, and fell lower than his savage beginning.
but when the alarm was given this spring by the city chemist there was no time to excavate and build an extensive filtering plant.
moving pictures, theaters, music, baseball, golf, automobiles, amateur photography, and a host of hobbies and recreations have enough enthusiastic devotees to insure wide reading for special feature stories about them.
v. the wood-sawyer one year and three months.
that was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me.
as he must certainly be helpless for a couple of months, and had boarded there only six weeks, she decided very quickly that it would not be worth the risk to keep him on trust.
what do you mean by flopping yourself down and praying agin me?
i shall buy up some good life assurance shares, and cut into the direction.
i was equally at a loss to express my emotions.
that night he got chop bones and she got a sensible homily on the unwisdom of feeding strays, and he was left outdoors.
there need, however, be no discrepancy between the two qualities.
these private spaces will each count as one point, or at any rate as one element, in perspective space.
mr. dicks renown was not long confined to us.
and here, said mr. peggotty, giving ham a backhanded knock in the chest, is another of em, though he dont look much like it.
(it may be asked) is the absence of unanimity an indispensable condition of true knowledge?
the accused explained that the citizen was his first witness.
so i've got to go downtown and sell papers with the rest of the boys and kotrina-- kotrina!
i was a slender bride and had a fresh, becoming trousseau.
but he merely asked me what i thought of her.
feigned to be in a paroxysm of terror and contrition, occasioned by the dignity of my appearance.
meshed--soft rose and blue with silver cast.
hope and the future for me are not in lawns and cultivated fields, not in towns and cities, but in the impervious and quaking swamps.
the radical differences in bottle manufacturing appear in the methods used in drawing off the glass and blowing it into shape.
they could only go on and make the fight and win--for defeat was a thing that could not even be thought of.
you know, my love, it is not exactly comfortable to have to go out without ones dinner.
a couple of hours' work a day and three solid months' vacation!
it is not so important that many should be as good as you, as that there be some absolute goodness somewhere; for that will leaven the whole lump.
accepting the indubitable momentary reality of objects of sense, the next thing to notice is the confusion underlying objections derived from their changeableness.
have we any reason to believe this universal law?
now, pip, said mr. jaggers, put this case.
the elder gentleman took the cry so ill, that he watched his opportunity, and smote the young gentleman on the ear.
it gives no clue to where she is; but she is not with him.
most gracious monsieur heretofore the marquis, where is that emigrant?
at this remark the family looked puzzled, and grandmother majauszkiene again had to make an explanation--that it was against the law for children to work before they were sixteen.
i saw, directly, in his mothers face, that she knew from himself what he had done.
so we went into the home of the street sweepers.
common sense, experience and intuition are relied upon, not technical rule and scrupulously mechanical application.
he dropped into a chair, and weakly sobbed.
never, not in the memory of the ancient ones ancients, never have men done that which we are doing.
having finished this, we saw the need of doing something for the ceiling.
traddles said exactly so, and became pretty red in the face.
something, evidently, had already happened.
my eldest daughter attends at five every morning in a neighbouring establishment, to acquire the process--if process it may be called--of milking cows.
i repeated the words, more to myself than her, being so amazed.
criticize any of the following by accounting for their rise and their characteristics: the athletic coach in american colleges.
i was not quite sure, sir, but i thought so.
and jurgis turned red with embarrassment.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
hello, jack, said the saloon-keeper, when he entered--they call all foreigners and unskilled men jack in packingtown.
they will follow me and i shall lead them to my fortress.
i was so curious to know, that i made up my mind to have it out with mr. peggotty.
better come home wiz me--yes, by harry, thass the trick, you'll come home an' hassome supper--hic--wiz me!
now that, my child, continued miss mowcher, rubbing all the time as busily as ever, is another instance of the refreshing humbug i was speaking of.
as the keeper of the wine-shop entered at the door, the spy saluted him by touching his hat, and saying, with an engaging smile, good day, jacques!
it was torturing to me to hear them talk of occurrences in which i had had no share.
jurgis was so grateful that he paid the half dollar the lawyer asked without winking an eyelash, and then rushed home to tell the news to the family.
the limitations on human activity, of which the spanish jurist-theologians had written, got their warrant from the inherent moral qualities of men which made it right for them to have certain things and do certain things.
nothing had come of her zealous intervention; nor could i infer, from what he told me, that any clue had been obtained, for a moment, to emilys fate.
it is said that the british empire is very large and respectable, and that the united states are a first-rate power.
what was my astonishment when i beheld my aunt, who had been profoundly quiet and attentive, make a dart at uriah heep, and seize him by the collar with both hands!
calls me proud and inflexible in this breath!
my mother, who had been looking at its eyes as it lay upon her lap, said: davy!
i still consider them the loveliest women in the world.
experts or successful men in various occupations might be called in to address the pupils and furnish authoritative information.
i had been in many countries, and i hope i had improved my store of knowledge.
we were thinking that these were thoughts without sense, but before we knew it our body had risen in one leap.
when what we believe is true, it might be supposed that we had achieved a knowledge of what we believe.
the feudal system--its picturesque injustice.
howsever, at last i have made up my mind to speak plain; and i have mentioned to doctor strong that--did you speak, sir?
general cautions for the sake of clearness and general effectiveness a few cautions need to be made.
don't be alarmed; i am not going to preach.
the reviewer through whose mind a constant stream of subjects passes, is forced to fall into this cant unless he be a genius, but you have no business to do so.
you may kiss your hand towards that highest shelving roof.
jurgis spent his christmas in this hospital, and it was the pleasantest christmas he had had in america.
can there not be a government in which the majorities do not virtually decide right and wrong, but conscience?in which majorities decide only those questions to which the rule of expediency is applicable?
by the light of the torches, we saw the black hulk lying out a little way from the mud of the shore, like a wicked noahs ark.
he comes to the office downstairs, every day, returned agnes.
but there is no one that i know of, who deserves to love you, agnes.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
there is a great crowd bearing down upon us, miss manette, and i see them--by the lightning.
should you like to go to school at canterbury?
i wept in deliverance and in pity for all mankind.
after another moments listening, joe (who was a good judge) agreed, and mr. wopsle (who was a bad judge) agreed.
the something that i had noticed before, clicked in the mans throat again, and he turned his back.
the world of being is unchangeable, rigid, exact, delightful to the mathematician, the logician, the builder of metaphysical systems, and all who love perfection more than life.
think how that encourages american teachers!
thus in the course of the campaign he handled many hundreds of dollars of the hebrew brewer's money, administering it with naive and touching fidelity.
i will not have this room shunned as if it were infected, at the pleasure of a child.
but with this boy, instead of asking him different questions, you make a practice of asking him the same question every day at breakfast.
but mrs. crupp said, dont say that; oysters was in, why not them?
nor did i ever regard him as having anything ludicrous about himor anything but what was serious, honest, and goodin his tutor communication with me.
if the girls didn't booze they couldn't stand it any time at all.
he was at that time very eager i should write on the characters of theophrastus: so far out may be the judgments of the wisest men.
special lectures are given frequently by experts in various subjects.
above was a huge court, with domed roof, the various apartments opening into it.
it's for women like that and their kids.
juozapas had only one leg, having been run over by a wagon when a little child, but he had got himself a broomstick, which he put under his arm for a crutch.
to improve it, we all distinctly heard jip give two short barks, and receive another choke.
if they allowed me to remain there until my seven shillings were spent, i couldnt hope to remain there when i began to starve.
so she gave him a number on clark street, adding, there's no need to give you my address, because marija knows it.
this seems to be the true analysis of berkeley's argument, and the ultimate fallacy upon which it rests.
he went with a new set, now, young unmarried fellows who were sporty.
jurgis shivered in his thin clothing, and put his hands into his pockets and started away.
this belief was, no doubt, fostered and nourished by its practical successes, culminating in the conservation of mass; but it was not produced by these successes.
the mass of water, striking some ever-hidden base of rock, leaps up the whole two hundred feet again in pinnacles and domes of spray.
there is one cock who gets upon a post to crow, and seems to take particular notice of me as i look at him through the kitchen window, who makes me shiver, he is so fierce.
it is well to grow up and be ordained, but not if you are delicate and very sensitive, and shall happen to annoy the greatest, the most stentorian and roughest of contemporary personages.
no; the confidential friend, miss murdstone!
i knew all along that it would not last.
if tears are shed they are shed in secret, lest the other fellows find it out.
several pretty large logs may still be seen lying on the bottom, where, owing to the undulation of the surface, they look like huge water snakes in motion.
criticize the following analysis of the indispensability of law.
i am very umble to the present moment, master copperfield, but ive got a little power!
like the lady she always was, she has added no fearsome list to the sum of our distress.
yes, and many others,all of them but you.
you must leave your father and me alone for two minutes, and as there are life and death in the world you must not delay.
how the cruel lady knowd of her being theer, i cant say.
the construction of a single time offers less difficulty so long as we confine ourselves to one person's private world, but the correlation of one private time with another is a matter of great difficulty.
relieved of the incubus that had fastened upon him for so long a time, and of the dreadful apprehensions under which he had lived, he is hardly the same person.
she entreated that there might be no more searching; but it was still sought for, in a desultory way, until she was quite well, and the company took their departure.
he handed me, apologetically for his scholarship, a piece of paper, and observed me while i looked it over.
there was a seat for mr. peggotty too, but he preferred to stand, leaning his hand on the small rustic table.
half-a-crown, i answered, recovering myself.
katarina had settled, i forget how, on the sofa, and was reclining very comfortably with her head on my shoulder and both arms about me.
separate sections of even a small notebook may conveniently be set aside for all of these various points.
in negotiable tender the money came in all to eight francs.
there the poet sustains himself merely by his own superfluous fat, and the philosopher comes down on his marrow bones.
but far more often there is not even a fence, or if there is, it has heavy woods or a swamp or a wild pasture beyond it.
janet had gone away to get the bath ready, when my aunt, to my great alarm, became in one moment rigid with indignation, and had hardly voice to cry out, janet!
i demand no more than the opportunity to do so without delay.
beside the shores of lake michigan they croon the love affairs of an arab in the desert and his noble steed.
the dreadful condition to which he was brought, was so appalling to both of us, that we could not refer to it in plainer words.
i held on tight, while mrs. joe and joe ran to him.
she was the principal theme of our conversation during the evening: and when we parted for the night steerforth called after me over the banisters, bob swore!
she is in a state of frenzy, i whispered to him.
lookee here, pip, said he, laying his hand on my arm in a suddenly altered and subdued manner; first of all, lookee here.
origin of school class of the new york public note method of schools has held its sessions all winter, introducing head of firm stood smiling in the background.
that affair of the first bond for four thousand five hundred pounds has not taken the course that was expected, spiker, said mr. gulpidge.
natural rights were deductions from a fundamental metaphysically demonstrable datum of individual free will, and natural law was an ideal critique of positive law whereby to secure these rights in their integrity.
for many months i travelled with this ever-darkening cloud upon my mind.
we shall therefore use the word 'universal' instead of the word 'idea', to describe what plato meant.
the latter were a thousand to one in numbers, but they were ignorant and helpless, and they would remain at the mercy of their exploiters until they were organized--until they had become class-conscious.
it was the night afore the great race, when i found him on the heath, in a booth that i knowd on.
in a corner was a heap of coats and boat-cloaks, and a flag, all bundled up together.
i took it out of the paper, and it proved to be a good one.
in order to present a number of comparative prices, he used the concrete case, given below, of an investigator making a series of purchases at the store.
this is the end of the first stage of pips expectations.
this is the view of the world which is appropriate to traditional physics.
then she looked at me, and said: is that your boy, sister-in-law?
oh, my eyes and limbs--goroo!--dont ask for money; make it an exchange.
it was another and a stronger woman who was the victim, and there had been a strugglein a barn.
hitherto the georgians have been more eloquent in their disillusions than in their visions, and have inclined to welcome butler as a dissolving agent without much inspecting his solution.
mr. more, in the essay already mentioned, says little about tennyson's verse form, about his zeal for the tale of arthur, about the influence upon him of the classics of greece and rome.
theyll do it, if theres anything to be got by it.
i know what youre a going to say, pip; stay a bit!
not only is it they who introduce good things which did not before exist; it is they who keep the life in those which already existed.
you know how ignorant i am, and that i only ask for information, but isnt it always so?
and in any case, in view of the multiplicity of relations that we wish to express, no language could advance far without words for relations.
i could hear peggotty crying softly on her side of the keyhole, as i was doing on mine, before she answered.
he traveled all over the country, living like the apostles of old, upon hospitality, and preaching upon street-corners when there was no hall.
but this feeling may be carried too far.
do not, for example, except in a report, give a dry list of the qualities which the subject should possess, and then one by one apply them to see if it will pass muster.
did butler, like his hero, have children and farm them out?
from that room, too, the daylight was completely excluded, and it had an airless smell that was oppressive.
the allegation that the knowing is observed is that which may be denied.
to beg of her, you mean, retorted the damsel.
a township where one primitive forest waves above while another primitive forest rots belowsuch a town is fitted to raise not only corn and potatoes, but poets and philosophers for the coming ages.
how vast and profound is the influence of the subtile powers of heaven and of earth!
i shall soon be out of the way of harming you, and the rest will soon be far from here, please god!
in the case of the photographic plate, the first group is the plate as dealt with by physics, the second the aspect of the heavens which it photographs.
in each of these subjects discover the root principle which will serve as your controlling object, and state it in a sentence.
no one would think of trying to carry water in pipes from the source of a stream a thousand miles to its mouth for the sake of running some water-wheels.
the women were seated at a long table, reading and writing, knitting, sewing, and embroidering; the men were for the most part standing behind their chairs, or lingering up and down the room.
having settled that i must go to the blue boar, my mind was much disturbed by indecision whether or not to take the avenger.
i tried, on her injunction, to fix it, and to hear something of what was going on there, but quite in vain.
but it would seem that writing nowhere began as an attempt to represent speech it began as a direct pictorial representation of what was to be expressed.
happiness, as the goal that we hope to reach by our success, and health, as a prime requisite for its attainment, are also of great importance to every one of us.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
mr. lorry was expected back presently from the banking house.
and then we saw iron rings as steps leading down a shaft into a darkness without bottom.
he is the master yankee, the centennial flower of that thrifty and peculiar stock.
images, as contrasted with sensations, are the response expected during a narrative; it is understood that present action is not called for.
the true harvest of my daily life is somewhat as intangible and indescribable as the tints of morning or evening.
overalls on, sleeves rolled up, face streaming with perspiration?
i burned several things before i learned that even a few red coals in the fire-pot will be sufficient for practically everything.
here the food will be prepared and distributed to the smaller kitchens where, by means of steam tables, it can be kept hot and dispensed.
they all came back together within five minutes afterwards, and doras unusual thoughtfulness was quite gone then.
this content does not contain in itself any time-determination.
she looks after the poultry, works in garden and apiary, and milks the cow herself.
you know that your parents had no great possession, and that what they had was secured to your mother and to you.
proceeding into the castle again, we found the aged heating the poker, with expectant eyes, as a preliminary to the performance of this great nightly ceremony.
sometimes they can't come home at all--i'm going to try to find them tonight and sleep where they do, it's so late and it's such a long ways home.
it is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
snipes and woodcocks also may afford rare sport; but i trust it would be nobler game to shoot ones self.
i will not conceal from you, my dear mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, that i have long felt the brewing business to be particularly adapted to mr. micawber.
the people gather and wait patiently on the line of route.
what man but a philosopher would not be ashamed to see his furniture packed in a cart and going up country exposed to the light of heaven and the eyes of men, a beggarly account of empty boxes?
it is remarkable how easily and insensibly we fall into a particular route, and make a beaten track for ourselves.
he was a fool to have married; he had tied himself down, had made himself a slave.
a horse will behave in a certain manner whenever he smells a bear, even if the smell is derived from a bearskin.
i could make nothing of this, except that it was meant that i should make nothing of it, and i went home again in complete discomfiture.
and when he lifted his eyes from it to the horizon and looked around, he saw in his small fancy similar figures, stopped by no obstacle, tending to centres all over france.
a bad business this, madame, of gaspard's execution.
she was an orphan like myself; like me, too, had been brought up by hand.
in this the diver can be closed and the air pressure increased until it is high enough to keep out the water.
they left her at the corner of the street, and carton led the way to mr. lorry's, which was within a few minutes' walk.
i happened to turn my eyes towards this place, as i was thinking of many things; and i saw a figure beyond, dressed in a plain cloak.
i suppose theres nothing to be done, exclaimed camilla, but comply and depart.
said i, putting question number two of the catechism to mr. peggotty.
nephew, i believe--but in any case degenerate successor--of the polished marquis who was murdered, said one.
when the distorting influence of the medium is sufficiently great, the resulting particular can no longer be regarded as an appearance of an object, but must be treated on its own account.
he seemed to pursue her figure through the narrative, and to let every other shape go by him, as if it were nothing.
this follows generally from the general argument, and follows for each particular case by a sufficient number of applications of the argument.
i wavered again, and began to think here were greater expectations than my own.
this may be accounted for by the physical effect of the past event on the brain, making it a different instrument from that which would have resulted from a different experience.
up comes the cotton, down goes the woven cloth; up comes the silk, down goes the woollen; up come the books, but down goes the wit that writes them.
and it is certainly well, though far from necessary, to avoid such croppers.
or, in order to show other men and women similarly situated just how to keep bees, the writer might explain exactly what any person would need to know to attain success in such a venture.
this steadfast ultimate basis may be thought of as the divine pleasure or will or reason, revealed immediately or mediately through a divinely ordained immutable moral code.
meantime, teta elzbieta would go and beg, over in the hyde park district, and the children would bring home enough to pacify aniele, and keep them all alive.
but the questions raised are so large and so difficult that it is impossible to pursue them further on this occasion.
i shall not rest satisfied with merely employing my capital in insuring ships.
i walked home all the way, and i've not a cent, and had nothing to eat since this morning.
the former was a sort of cyclopdia to him, which he supposed to contain an abstract of human knowledge, as indeed it does to a considerable extent.
one attraction in coming to the woods to live was that i should have leisure and opportunity to see the spring come in.
the wine-shop keeper accordingly rolled his eyes about, until they rested upon an elderly gentleman and a young lady, who were seated in a corner.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
when we see what looks like our best friend approaching us, we shall have no reason to suppose that his body is not inhabited by the mind of our worst enemy or of some total stranger.
the same thing, it seems to me, applies to ourselves.
if his attention is arrested and held by the first group of words, he is likely to read on.
i have shown you often enough, said i, that i despise you.
it is equally true that if the effects had not occurred, his desires would have been different, since being what they were the effects did occur.
the silvery mist was touched with the first rays of the moonlight, and the same rays touched the tears that dropped from her eyes.
such intimacy, such personal contact is to be found only in the informal essay.
there is an instinctive, and usually unconscious, sense of a common purpose animating the members of a nation.
it is against rule, answered the first; but you can ask him of saint antoine here.
who was crucified--think of it--for an incendiary and a disturber of the social order!
the branch snapped under us and we fell upon the moss that was soft as a cushion.
lying hidden at her waist, was a sharpened dagger.
but all we can do just now, mr. dick, is to keep a cheerful countenance, and not let my aunt see that we are thinking about it.
the nature of the work he does all day will more affect his happiness than the quality of his dinner at night.
we eyed one another narrowly in passing, and with no favour.
mrs. a. lives in a small city in the middle west.
i do not wish to assert that this is the whole truth about mathematical propositions, for the question is complicated, and i do not know what the whole truth is.
a trip round any busy seaport will show the reader, if he has not noticed it already, that there are many different types of the ordinary cargo steamer.
does everybody here recall old foulon, who told the famished people that they might eat grass, and who died, and went to hell?
let us preserve our respect for truth, for beauty, for the ideal of perfection which life does not permit us to attain, though none of these things meet with the approval of the unconscious universe.
agnes leaned upon his shoulder, and stole her arm about his neck.
in johnson's massive and magnetic presence only some very remarkable man, such as mr. burke, was sharply distinguishable from the rest.
perhaps that will be considered an acceptable course of proceeding.
the beating of the heart, on the other hand, is involuntary: we can neither cause it nor prevent it by any decision of our own, except indirectly, as e.g.
privacy, therefore does not by itself make a datum unamenable to scientific treatment.
mr. wickfield held it for a little while in his, with his head bowed down.
and, if you have to admit that you do not know, in all conscience suppress it.
they did it--how often no one could say, but certainly more than half of the time.
in arcadia, when i was there, i did not see any hammering stone.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
that it will be by the power of your naked bosoms, opposed to the rage of oppression!
now, i told you so, said the spy, casting a reproachful look at his sister; if any trouble comes of this, it's your doing.
while i was yet in the full enjoyment of it, the old woman of the house said to the master: have you got your flute with you?
it may be put in the form of some ultimate metaphysical datum which is so given us that we may rest in it forever.
to the best of my understanding, and bad's the best, you'll tell me, said miss pross, softened by the tone of the apology, he is afraid of the whole subject.
how was he affected, what influence did he exert, what offices or positions of trust did he hold?
she gave me to understand on the stairs, that it was a blow to dear mrs. pocket that dear mr. pocket should be under the necessity of receiving gentlemen to read with him.
tell him that i never loved him half so dear.
the day may come when shell be glad to lay her poor head.
david copperfield, said mrs. creakle, leading me to a sofa, and sitting down beside me.
when i took the road again next morning, i found that it lay through a succession of hop-grounds and orchards.
said the marquis again, in a well-satisfied manner.
he has a remarkable head-voice, and will commence as a chorister.
good evening, citizen, filling his glass.
however that might be, the known facts were that a few weeks before the factory closed, marija had been cheated out of her pay for three hundred cans.
english history, in short, is her history.
the executive was to use a wise discretion in adjusting the machinery of government to actual situations as they arose.
the second point is illustrated by the old discussion as to whether it can be said that day causes night, on the ground that day is always followed by night.
i took peggotty to the coach office and saw her off.
clean, wholesome special feature stories that present interesting phases of life accurately, and that show due consideration for the rights of the persons portrayed, are quite as entertaining as are any others.
i thanked him and said, no; but would he take no dinner himself?
o prince, our eyes contemplate with admiration and transmit to the soul the wonderful and varied spectacle of this universe.
his name is abel magwitch, otherwise provis.
later, this topic can safely be tucked in.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
thus a proposition is the same as what may be significantly asserted or denied.
to be held to rigid rules of justice for the sake of others, develops the feelings and capacities which have the good of others for their object.
later it fitted well into the byzantine theory of lawmaking which french publicists adopted and made current in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
the third question i should answer adversely to introspection i think that observation shows us nothing that is not composed of sensations and images, and that images differ from sensations in their causal laws, not intrinsically.
i may have mentioned to you on a former occasion that i was in expectation of such an event.
later came midsummer, with the stifling heat, when the dingy killing beds of durham's became a very purgatory; one time, in a single day, three men fell dead from sunstroke.
later that summer i found that a maid was one of the things i could do without, making the discovery in an interregnum not of my original choosing.
youll excuse my saying, sir, returned my aunt, that i think it would have been a much better and happier thing if you had left that poor child alone.
as soon as i and my box were in the cart, and the carrier seated, the lazy horse walked away with us all at his accustomed pace.
you must have been under lock and key, dear boy, to know it equal to me,but i aint a going to be low.
i love my native air, but it does not love me; and the end of this delightful period was a cold, a fly-blister, and a migration by strathairdle and glenshee to the castleton of braemar.
he was engaged in the manufacture of calendered paper, and, therefore, had no occasion to use wood-pulp; so he was willing to surrender the patents in exchange for a small interest.
pips rap, i heard her say, immediately; come in, pip.
printers prefer to have each page end with a complete sentence.
blackberries hanging thick upon the hedge bring to my memory something of long ago.
these occupations brought her round to the december month, wherein her father walked among the terrors with a steady head.
this people must cease to hold slaves, and to make war on mexico, though it cost them their existence as a people.
i suppose the opening prospect confused me.
i thought of the little baby, who, mrs. creakle said, had been pining away for some time, and who, they believed, would die too.
adjoining my farm is an abandoned marble quarry.
its much against the grain with me, i assure you, copperfield, to be concerned in anything so unpleasant; but really, as it is, were all mixing ourselves up with what oughtnt to be.
thus the empirical verification of mechanical laws may be admitted, although we must also admit that it is less complete and triumphant than is sometimes supposed.
we must hold up our heads and fight low, as my brother solomon used to say.
i said good-bye, miss pocket; but she merely stared, and did not seem collected enough to know that i had spoken.
he was very generous and noble to me in those days, i assure you, maam, said i, and i stood in need of such a friend.
i am not sure that i ever heard the sound of cock-crowing from my clearing, and i thought that it might be worth the while to keep a cockerel for his music merely, as a singing bird.
though the result were bodily weakness, yet perhaps no one can say that the consequences were to be regretted, for these were a life in conformity to higher principles.
it is too late to be studying hebrew; it is more important to understand even the slang of today.
somebody wanted to recall the name of a place in devonshire, and only sophy knew it.
i came softly away from my place of observation, and avoiding that part of the neighbourhood, and wishing i had not gone near it, strolled about until it was ten oclock.
agnes was in the drawing-room, waiting for her father, who was detained by someone in his office.
and the cabbie subsided, and jurgis climbed in.
in spite of mild deprecation, this feast, with its two toasts to his majesty and to the memory of samuel butler, assumed from the outset the aspect of a solemn sacrament of believers.
this is as important as that it keeps butter cool.
janet has dressed her, and is there to look at me.
he has to be prompt--for these two-o'clock-in-the-morning fights, if they once get out of hand, are like a forest fire, and may mean the whole reserves at the station.
public opinion, as it is said, rules; and public opinion is the opinion of the average man.
wemmick sent him the particulars, i understand, by return of post.
dear, alluring, immoral catalogues, sweet sirens for a man's undoing!
while he thus spoke, the growling noise became a prolonged roar, and then died away.
it was late in the afternoon when they got back, and they dressed out the remainder of the steer, and a couple of others that had been killed, and then knocked off for the day.
there is something about a lighthouse--the way you see it in the earlier scenes--with the lantern shining out over the black waters that suggests security, fidelity, faithfulness, to a trust.
the book had an alphabet in it, some figures and tables, and a little spelling,that is to say, it had had once.
yet there are certain classes of fact eternally more necessary than others, and it is with these that literature must first bestir itself.
this was addressed to the waiter, who had been very attentive to our recognition, at a distance, and now came forward deferentially.
it was enough to make ona's father rise up out of his grave to rebuke her!
i am sure i am not like myself when i am away, said i. i seem to want my right hand, when i miss you.
selecting shrubbery for continuous bloom with both red and blue berries in winter.
i replied that i was certain he was; but that i had not known him long myself, though he was a friend of my aunts.
the reason so much reading matter is unpopular and never attracts a wide reading public lies in the fact that the reader sees nothing in it for himself.
put my meaning into any words you like, said i.
the laws that we actually know empirically have the form of the traditional causal laws, except that they are not to be regarded as universal or necessary.
swift knew all about our contemporary troubles.
hard green wood just cut, though i used but little of that, answered my purpose better than any other.
it is not an incidental element, but rather the fundamental part of all literary composition, the means by which a writer transfers what is in his own mind to the minds of his readers.
local news will give the writer clues that he can follow up by visiting the places mentioned, interviewing the persons concerned, and gathering other relevant material.
the fruits eaten temperately need not make us ashamed of our appetites, nor interrupt the worthiest pursuits.
by looking over tables giving dates of significant events, writers will find what anniversaries are approaching; or they may glean such information from news stories describing preparations made for celebrating these anniversaries.
jurgis shrank back appalled, for he thought it was an accident; there fell a pillar of white flame, dazzling as the sun, swishing like a huge tree falling in the forest.
i believe the answer to be affirmative, for reasons which i suggested in the third and fourth lectures; but the answer cannot be either short or easy.
determining the distance of the tree requires skill.
to be helpful to milk-dealers, as distributors, it would concern itself with methods of lowering the cost of selling and delivering milk in the city.
the illustration that chiefly concerns us is the system of appearances of a physical object.
i gave him minute directions for finding the residence of mr. barkis, carrier to blunderstone and elsewhere; and, on this understanding, went out alone.
or who can blame people for desiring to suppress what they regard as a scandal in the sight of god and man?
i really couldnt help thinking, as i sat taking in all this, that the misfortune extended to some other members of that family besides mrs. gummidge.
i have not proposed to the young lady, and, between ourselves, i am by no means certain, on reflection, that i ever should have committed myself to that extent.
if this is a vice, then we wish no virtue.
he might pay them to change it, if it could not be done otherwise.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
the low shrub-oak plateau to which the opposite shore arose, stretched away toward the prairies of the west and the steppes of tartary, affording ample room for all the roving families of men.
is it not a pity that he should keep it by him?
howbeit, there was a general breaking up of the party, while the remnants of the dinner were being put away; and i strolled off by myself among the trees, in a raging and remorseful state.
there is nothing that is so much ones beau-ideal of--of all that sort of thing, speaking generally.
its dear, he said, on account of the duty.
i never dreamed of any enormity greater than i have committed.
theres evidence, said my mother, sobbing; ask peggotty if i didnt do very well when i wasnt interfered with!
not but what it might have been for something else; but it warnt.)
he has not relinquished her patient hand in getting out, but still holds it as he promised.
i went to his room, and he was not there.
mrs. strong opened the window, and went out into the verandah, where she stood leaning against a pillar.
she had been walking in the churchyard, too, very early; and she got into the cart, and sat in it with her handkerchief at her eyes.
there never was, nor will be, but one man worthy of ladybird, said miss pross; and that was my brother solomon, if he hadn't made a mistake in life.
they do water their honey, especially in a dry time.
for the fourth he selected the work of a woman of forty whose struggles to get into the school and to learn to write the teacher had described to him.
such understanding as this may belong to lexicographers and students, but not to ordinary mortals in ordinary life.
i thank you, sir, said mr. littimer, it has been better made.
if anyone else had been in my place during the last few years, by this time he would have had mr. wickfield (oh, what a worthy man he is, master copperfield, too!)
then durham's bosses picked out twenty of the biggest; the two hundred proved to have been a printer's error.
how, then, could i have a furnished house?
a moment afterwards, and a throng of people came pouring round the corner by the prison wall, in the midst of whom was the wood-sawyer hand in hand with the vengeance.
many of the shops were shut, and the town was dull.
as plainly as i behold what happened, i will try to write it down.
if a gentleman was the victim of spies, intruders, and informers (but still naming no names), that was his own pleasure.
it is a piece of idle sentimentality that truth, merely as truth, has any inherent power denied to error, of prevailing against the dungeon and the stake.
if the condition of things which we were made for is not yet, what were any reality which we can substitute?
there was something in the tone of this reply, which made uriah look at the speaker again, with a very sinister and suspicious expression.
now, joe kept a journeyman at weekly wages whose name was orlick.
the cabell cult has been almost too active in zeal, but there can be no doubt of his very real and refreshing imaginative talent.
they seemed to be waiting for something with a dogged determination, and they looked at the jury, but at nothing else.
the tide ran strong, i took care to lose none of it, and our steady stroke carried us on thoroughly well.
let harlequin be taken with a fit of the colic and his trappings will have to serve that mood too.
i picture myself going up to bed, among the unused rooms, and sitting on my bed-side crying for a comfortable word from peggotty.
it would satisfy me, i dare say, to know that i had it.
a flash of lightning, brief as it is to our sight, is briefer still as a physical phenomenon: we continue to see it for a few moments after the light-waves have ceased to strike the eye.
so our friend got a pair of slaughter pen boots and jeans, and flung himself at his task.
peggotty had hastened to the chair before the fire.
pockets two nurse-maids were looking about them while the children played.
or we may divide all dredges on the basis of whether they are self-propelling or non-propelling.
there had been rain all day, and there was a damp feeling in the air.
she did not tell half of her story at home, because she saw it was a torment to jurgis, and she was afraid of what he might do.
it is a mere accident that we have no memory of the future.
good verse is best written on good paper with an easy pen, not with a lump of coal on a whitewashed wall.
i had thought about that, while we had been there side by side.
neither manifested the least disposition to retreat.
the bench was turned towards the light, as it had been when he had seen the shoemaker at his work before, and his head was bent down, and he was very busy.
one would not have been surprised if this argument had been used by the friends of the proposition, as an answer to its principal difficulty.
the drunken patriot had them in his cap, and produced them.
yes, she said, finally, here it is, of course: 'with interest thereon monthly, at the rate of seven per cent per annum.'
the second circumstance operating to keep alive the requirement of consideration is a more legitimate factor.
but she hasn't come home--and i thought she would be here the same as before.
that incommunicable product of the human mind, a perfected design.
the lady wont ride to-day; the weather wont do.
why then ill as good as bet a guinea, said peggotty, intent upon my face, that shell let us go.
articles of practical guidance often need diagrams.
of course any one of these ten subjects can be defined with a changeless genus, but such a genus is likely to be in the realm of the abstract, pretty thoroughly divorced from practical life.
before i can advise you properly, said mr. wickfield--the old question, you know.
i doubt, sir, returned the nephew, whether, if it had carried me to the utmost brink of death, you would have cared to stop me there.
down in virginia, thomas was admitted to the bar.
in all this long pursuit, i never heard him repine; i never heard him say he was fatigued, or out of heart.
indeed, why should they, being rational creatures?
be sure that this sentence is sufficiently inclusive, has much meat.
defarge looked gloomily at his wife, and gave no other answer than a gruff sound of acquiescence.
in her glory, she almost forgot her horse--but never her car.
i would say to the society for the diffusion of useful knowledge, sometimes,go to grass.
i shall certainly write to her, i rejoined.
it was nearly a year afterward that he finally learned the meaning of this whole affair.
she made out a time-card which showed that twenty-two hours of work a day was needed for her home.
in proportion as the mouth of the cove was wider compared with its length, the water over the bar was deeper compared with that in the basin.
the banker merely grunted approval, lighted a big black cigar and went into the smoker, while warren gave some passing attention to the other patrons of his car.
there must be no dim feeling in the mind of the reader that, after all, the subject is not yet clearly limned, not yet set off from other things.
william james's theory of introspection, which dunlap next examines, does not assume a single observer.
is, i assure you, said the spy; though it's not important.
public opinion is a permeating influence, and it exacts obedience to itself; it requires us to think other men's thoughts, to speak other men's words, to follow other men's habits.
with an axe we cut away one side of the tree and laid bare its curiously wrought heart of honey.
dont suppose that i mean to be unkind, biddy, when i say i consider that you ought to have thought that.
commence, was monsieur defarge's not unreasonable reply, at the commencement.
then the latter went and got it, and hurried to the court, and explained to the magistrate that jurgis was a decent fellow and a friend of scully's, who had been attacked by a strike-breaker.
for no better reason, truly, than because i was thinking, he said, after a pause, of something like it, when it came by.
they see that this notion is not the same as the mathematical infinite, but they choose to believe that it is the notion which the mathematicians are vainly trying to reach.
i saw the door move, and instinctively tried to hold the latch on the outside, to gain a moments time.
so he hurtles into these very various roads from reality, precisely as a goaded sheep flees without notice of what lies ahead.... and romance tricks him, but not to his harm.
i thought the first time that i simply could not part with him.
likewise law had been codifying on the continent.
thus have we lived each day of four years, until two springs ago when our crime happened.
i am restless, and shall be better in motion.
nor was law for a long time the chief of these nor the one which covered the widest field.
the demand that all other people shall resemble ourselves, grows by what it feeds on.
if with fancy unfurled you leave your abode, you may go round the world by the old marlborough road.
they always had the policeman squared, and so there was no use in expecting protection.
between two perceived perspectives which are similar, we can imagine a whole series of other perspectives, some at least unperceived, and such that between any two, however similar, there are others still more similar.
or now and then half a dozen of them would get together and march out openly, staring at you, and making fun of you to your face.
these, it seemed, were calculations of compound interest on what he called the principal amount of forty-one, ten, eleven and a half, for various periods.
but they must excuse me if i saw everybody out first, and turned the lamp off--in case of fire.
this happened to him every time, for jurgis was still a creature of impulse, and his pleasures had not yet become business.
a bee will usually make three or four trips from the hunter's box before it brings back a companion.
my young heart had no room in its homage for any such poor reference.
there is no difficulty in supposing this to be the case.
louis brennan himself was by no means the least interesting feature of the demonstration.
and this man they have made into the high priest of property and smug respectability, a divine sanction of all the horrors and abominations of modern commercial civilization!
the herd of men in those days scented fresh pastures from afar.
perhaps it was just as well; for when first engaged i did not know how to cook, though i was a good dancer and could play liszt's polonaise in e flat with but few mistakes.
he drove in a patrol wagon with half a dozen of them watching him; keeping as far away as possible, however, on account of the fertilizer.
if, for example, the units just before and after the one under consideration are to be in direct quotation, he should avoid any form that involves quoted matter.
this honest briton had gone too far in frankness.
like and order to dogs,again saw the wicked noahs ark lying out on the black water.
it took him two days to get over this heart-sickening disappointment.
i am not here to make any promise, or give any pledge to anybody.
you know she does, peggotty--you know it well.
he determined, therefore, to use a striking statement as the feature of a summary lead.
the old man, following my eyes, cried with great triumph, my sons come home!
if my family are at length sensible of the deprivation to which their own conduct has, in the past, exposed them, and now desire to extend the hand of fellowship, let it not be repulsed.
upon being discharged he returned to his job and his customers, and to-day the concern with which he is connected is taking steps to put all its motor-truck salesmen on this advisory basis.
here's a quarter for you now, and go along, and they'll be so glad to have you back, you won't have time to feel ashamed.
therefore, when sunday came, the mender of roads was not enchanted (though he said he was) to find that madame was to accompany monsieur and himself to versailles.
indeed the lucid statement of williston but emphasizes the inadequacy of analysis even when eked out by choice from among competing views and analytical restatements of judicial dogma in the light of results.
you aint afeerd of emly not being took good care on, i know.
i see the blots i threw upon it, faded away.
in his absence i felt strongly the need of filling up my idle hours in some interesting, useful way.
heavy working gloves and boots are provided, and a large apron with pockets goes with the outfit.
would you rather work for a man or for a machine?
i shall always remember that sum, because it is certainly the biggest i have ever seen.
yet he adds, they are not hardier than other people.
completeness, on the other hand, is a more relative matter.
the sound was curiously flawed by the wind; and i was listening, and thinking how the wind assailed and tore it, when i heard a footstep on the stair.
when i have executed this little commission, i shall, perhaps, accept tellson's proposal to retire and live at my ease.
a body of individually probable opinions, if they are mutually coherent, become more probable than any one of them would be individually.
(i threw it at him, really, but the effect was wonderful.)
she needs no banking of the track to keep her on the rail.
he knows best, meaning uriah heep, for he has always been at my elbow, whispering me.
i suspect, my dear, said my aunt quietly working by her side, he has a worse disorder than that.
the whole case of the georgians against the victorians might be fought out over his life and works; and indeed there has already been many a skirmish in that quarter.
time spent in thus planning an article is time well spent.
in the rear of the saloon were the cellar stairs.
next day you repeat the experiment, and you find that the cat gets out much more quickly than the first time, although it still makes some random movements.
would you tell him, then, said she, that which estella has come home and would be glad to see him.
you know, mama, how young and inexperienced i was, when you presented him before me, of a sudden, as a lover.
i rather think you may, if you begin early in life.
the case is one of those which lie on the exact boundary line between two principles, and it is not at once apparent to which of the two it properly belongs.
it brushes the newgate cobwebs away, and pleases the aged.
sister lavinia, said miss clarissa, take my smelling-bottle.
i regarded myself as a refuge, for her, from the dangers and vicissitudes of life.
so a boy passes his leisure in contriving mischief.
we men of business, who serve a house, are not our own masters.
young women have committed similar follies often before, and have repented them in poverty and obscurity often before.
perhaps it is a grammar, perhaps a history, or geography.
because, continued agnes, doctor strong has acted on his intention of retiring, and has come to live in london; and he asked papa, i know, if he could recommend him one.
i am extremely sorry; but i knew there was a coach from your part of the country at midday, and i thought you would come by that one.
it is not progress that we object to; on the contrary, we flatter ourselves that we are the most progressive people who ever lived.
jurgis was silent; he had never thought of that aspect of it.
furthermore, by getting his aim clearly in mind, he will have the means of determining, when the story is completed, whether or not he has accomplished what he set out to do.
their attics were in the tops of the trees.
his bedstead, covered with a tumbled and ragged piece of patchwork, was in the den he had come from, where another little window showed a prospect of more stinging-nettles, and a lame donkey.
also the duty to perform an intentional undertaking seemed to rest on the inherent moral quality of a promise that made it intrinsically binding on an upright man.
there have been many stories told about the bottom, or rather no bottom, of this pond, which certainly had no foundation for themselves.
if they really consider to be fat the chickens which they have assured me were fat, then they do not know fat chickens.
they are not very high, but they are overpowering.
we plan to deduct five per cent every month from these milk checks to pay off the certificates.
in like manner the evil which one does in the interval of a day prevents the germs of virtues which began to spring up again from developing themselves and destroys them.
one evening when the time was close at hand, i was alone with peggotty and her brother.
this is the reason he is poor; and for a similar reason we are all poor in respect to a thousand savage comforts, though surrounded by luxuries.
and when i come away from him, you know that my thoughts are with him.
in the following examples you will not be aware of dramatic quality in the first but you will find picturesque qualities in both.
honor is not necessarily old-fashioned and antiquated; it will adapt itself to the present and to the future.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
i brought over some whiter and cleaner sand for this purpose from the opposite shore of the pond in a boat, a sort of conveyance which would have tempted me to go much farther if necessary.
looking back at the history of this conception, which has governed theories of the end of law for more than two hundred years, we may note that it has been put to three uses.
it is sometimes suggested, by those who favour behaviourist views, that recognition consists in behaving in the same way when a stimulus is repeated as we behaved on the first occasion when it occurred.
he was well acquainted, more-over, with the circumstances of his country, and those were of ever-growing interest.
he knows that his own will is, above all, what he calls the will for power.
to prevent monotony, variety of sentence length is desirable.
but the series of events up to the present has an end, since it ends with the present.
the few observations i propose to make on questions of detail, are designed to illustrate the principles, rather than to follow them out to their consequences.
the lurid news headline on the front page of sensational papers has its counterpart in the equally sensational title in the sunday magazine section.
nevertheless, there is some sense--easier to feel than to state--in which time is an unimportant and superficial characteristic of reality.
when i got back to my breakfast in the boars coffee-room, i found mr. pumblechook conversing with the landlord.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
the rapid reader can grasp a concrete story or a word picture.
i think that this is the correct view, and that the distinction between images and sensations can only be made by taking account of their causation.
and it seemed as if these eyes were trying to tell us something through the flames, to send into our eyes some word without sound.
unless specific stipulations are made to the contrary by the author, an article on being accepted by a periodical becomes its property and cannot be republished without its consent.
and in the case of an infinite class, enumeration is impossible, so that description by a general characteristic common and peculiar to the members of the class is the only possible description.
any way, i could scarcely be withheld from going out to gerrard street that night.
so far as his advent is concerned there is no telling when or where he may arise.
if you will do her that favour, copperfield, replied mr. micawber, rising.
what an extraordinary fellow you are, steerforth!
i could not reply at the moment, for my voice failed me.
it is a little star-dust caught, a segment of the rainbow which i have clutched.
thus it is a mistake to say that if we were perfectly acquainted with an object we should know all about it.
instead of poultry we had pork, for this was before pork also rose.
then jokubas pointed out the place where the cattle were driven to be weighed, upon a great scale that would weigh a hundred thousand pounds at once and record it automatically.
i saw the same ill-favoured smile upon his face again, and saw how he watched me.
frege begins by noting the increased desire for logical strictness in mathematical demonstrations which distinguishes modern mathematicians from their predecessors, and points out that this must lead to a critical investigation of the definition of number.
you shall show money with lords for wagers, and beat em!
barley was less audible than below, i found provis comfortably settled.
m. de tocqueville, in his last important work, remarks how much more the frenchmen of the present day resemble one another, than did those even of the last generation.
he returned no reply, but it was evident that he heard what was said, and that he thought about it, however confusedly.
the college literary society--its opportunities.
and the smart porter is going to take good care that he gives such service.
if this were the case, it might be possible to define the biography of one spectator as a series of successive aspects of the actor related according to the laws of dynamics.
the ocean is properly defined by the shore; a continent or island is defined by its coastline: shores set limits to the ocean; coastlines bound the island or continent.
thus a complete system of natural rights of property was made to rest mediately or immediately upon a postulated original division by agreement or a subsequent discovery and occupation.
but it is evident that many of these are juristic rationalizings of what had been done for a long time through formal transactions.
he spoke of him, in short, not bitterly or meaning to bear hard upon him, but as anybody might who saw him as he showed himself.
every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and i may say innocence, with nature herself.
she is the most wonderful woman in the world, sir!
in this respect it is more like the short story.
and that it was a highly agreeable boast to both of us, and that we must both be very proud of it, was a conclusion quite established in his own mind.
but, morning once more brightened my view, and i extended my clemency to biddy, and we dropped the subject.
wages, it appeared, are twenty-seven dollars and a half a month for the first fifteen years of the porter's service, increasing thereafter to thirty dollars a month, slightly augmented by bonuses for good records.
not many people had talked with him at the reception; he had stood in a little space apart, and monseigneur might have been warmer in his manner.
do you see nothing that he might do, under the disappointment?
the last two days they had all but starved themselves--it made them quite sick to pay the prices that the railroad people asked them for food.
it comes of accommodo: very good; a good phrase.
thus did all thought, all science, all wisdom perish on earth.
that abject hypocrite, pumblechook, nodded again, and said, with a patronizing laugh, its more than that, mum.
his boast that he had made me a gentleman, and that he had come to see me support the character on his ample resources, was made for me quite as much as for himself.
instead of singing like the birds, i silently smiled at my incessant good fortune.
never did apiary have a finer outlook or more rugged surroundings.
but then he laughed at himself for a fool.
thass what i wired him, by harry, an' i mean it--i'll run away from school, b'god, if he don't sen' me some.
now, what shall we give him, that sum included?
the classics and the american student in the twentieth century.
and conversely desire may cause images*: a hungry man will have images of food, and so on.
presently the tune left off, and a good-looking young fellow came across the yard into the room.
logic itself would be concerned rather with such questions as what self-consistency is, which hegel, so far as i know, does not discuss.
to which the farmer responded promptly, we don't feed tramps here.
this may be made plain by the attempt to imagine two different worlds, in one of which there are men who are not mortal, while in the other two and two make five.
whether it was by beer, or by shouting, or by music, or by motion, she meant that it should not go.
the driver recognized my aunt, and, in obedience to a motion of her hand at the window, drove slowly off; we following.
i had a pal that always did it, duane remarked, laughing--until one day he read that he had left three thousand dollars in a lower inside pocket of his party's vest!
having shaken it with great cordiality, she pulled me towards her and said to mr. murdstone: you can go when you like; ill take my chance with the boy.
similarly we may be aware of our feeling pleasure or pain, and generally of the events which happen in our minds.
thus chicago now led the country; it had set a new standard for the party, it had shown the workingmen the way!
the falser he, the truer joe; the meaner he, the nobler joe.
he touched the younger woman i have mentioned on the shoulder, and martha stood before me.
that i retired to bed in a most maudlin state of mind, and got up in a crisis of feeble infatuation.
next day i had the meanness to feign that i was under a binding promise to go down to joe; but i was capable of almost any meanness towards joe or his name.
kirby and spence tell us that the battles of ants have long been celebrated and the date of them recorded, though they say that huber is the only modern author who appears to have witnessed them.
but this question has not the fundamental importance which belongs to the arithmetical theory of infinity.
but audible, even so, is something shrill, followed by something thunderous.
when we remembered it, the sand had run out.
she informed me, in return, that he had said the same to her that morning.
here we are dealing with a relation, namely 'greater than', between two relations.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
her eyes wandered restlessly over the distant prospect, and she bit her nether lip to stop that busy mouth.
the object of formal classification and partition is to give information, to array facts completely.
here, mr. lorry became aware, from where he sat, of a most remarkable goblin shadow on the wall.
and their story is worth while, because from every point of view they have been successful.
said mr. lorry, who had left her in exactly the same attitude some seventeen years ago.
so far, we have merely repeated hume, who carried the discussion of cause up to this point, but did not, apparently, perceive how much remained to be said.
if you try to evade me, ill stop you, if its by the hair, and raise the very stones against you!
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
what is it that makes it so hard sometimes to determine whither we will walk?
but as soon as we have words for relations, word-propositions have necessarily more terms than the facts to which they refer, and cannot therefore correspond so simply with their objectives as some image-propositions can.
said i, when i had done my stirring, and was taking a final warm in the chimney corner before being sent up to bed; was that great guns, joe?
as it is, the test of coherence condemns the dreams and confirms the waking life.
happily it was so quick that i had not put my head out.
and that was all that there was to it--her job was gone!
a multitude of people, and yet a solitude!
it was quite marvelous to see what a difference twelve months had made in packingtown--the eyes of the people were getting opened!
the address jurgis had was a garret room in the ghetto district, the home of a pretty little french girl, duane's mistress, who sewed all day, and eked out her living by prostitution.
so we shall use two regiments of veteran troops who are accustomed to rough country, and follow these with some fresh youngsters who are endowed with sense and a desire to outdo the veterans.
suppose we are seeing two buttercups, and we perceive that their colours are similar.
but he sat and looked at her, notwithstanding, for nearly two hours, as she sat looking at the fire, until he was again called out.
the responsibility of giving the lady away devolved upon the aged, which led to the clergymans being unintentionally scandalized, and it happened thus.
but i interrupt you in what you said to biddy.
its service in making the original choice is not so immediately apparent.
would you describe this as appreciative criticism or criticism by standards?
now, there you are hasty, sir, said barsad, with a smile that gave his aquiline nose an extra inclination to one side; there you really give me an advantage over you.
only we do not know why such thought came to us, for these ugly matters bear no relation to us and the golden one.
my greatest reassurance was that he was coming to barnards inn, not to hammersmith, and consequently would not fall in bentley drummles way.
with character, trot--with strength of character that is not to be influenced, except on good reason, by anybody, or by anything.
in this, therefore, which was the most important point of the controversy, the rationalists were in the right.
growled mr. barkis, sliding nearer to her on the seat, and nudging her with his elbow.
he also referred with confidence to the citizen's letter, which had been taken from him at the barrier, but which he did not doubt would be found among the papers then before the president.
but perhaps you can never believe, now, that there is anything human in my heart?
we watch the leaf which has fallen upon their shoulder, and it lies at the curve of their neck, and a drop of dew glistens upon it like a jewel.
as we were left to look about us while mr. spenlow was fetched, i availed myself of the opportunity.
the keel of the boat was laid with the idea of building a sailing ship, and the craft was practically completed before capt.
this conclusion is important, since it applies to all the subject-matter of mathematics and logic.
the process of remembering will consist of calling up images of my breakfast, which will come to me with a feeling of belief such as distinguishes memory-images from mere imagination-images.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
we did not speak--i was busy with my celery.
this time, however, he had money in his pocket, and when he came to his senses he could get something to drink, and also a messenger to take word of his plight to bush harper.
before we consider the sable-skinned george of to-day, give a passing thought to the pullman itself.
well, pip, said joe, taking up the poker, and settling himself to his usual occupation when he was thoughtful, of slowly raking the fire between the lower bars; ill tell you.
it will be much the same to your knowledge, miss, i should think, retorted jerry, whether they drink your health or the old un's.
gentlemen in long alpaca coats and carrying formidable marbled note-books walk about with an important air.
men of business may speak to mr. darnay now?
now, i thought very well of it, for three reasons ill give you.
this may sound strange, but that is merely because the truth is so seldom told about anything that concerns the most important relationship in life.
they walked to the pyre, and their step did not falter.
also rosensteg, the pawnbroker, would buy anything he had for a third of its value, and guarantee to keep it hidden for a year.
it is partly his taste, and not merely his misfortune.
while i enjoy the friendship of the seasons i trust that nothing can make life a burden to me.
i saw a passing shadow on her face when i made this mention of him, but she returned my smile, and we were again as unreserved in our mutual confidence as of old.
one day it may be some interesting thing on thibetan amulets, or on tapestries or on some picture, stuart's washington or turner's slave ship, or a colorful canvas of claude monet.
but identity is a precise conception, and no word, in ordinary speech, stands for anything precise.
remembering then, that the staircase-lights were blown out, i took up my reading-lamp and went out to the stair-head.
the resolute and unrelenting hatred of her tone, its cold stern sharpness, and its mastered rage, presented her before me, as if i had seen her standing in the light.
it is clear that, if our analysis of physical objects has been valid, this way of defining sensations needs reinterpretation.
suggested the young seeker of employment.
in the following magazine article such a double purpose obviously exists.
i leaned my head upon my hand; and felt more sorry and downcast, as i sat looking at the fire, than i could have supposed possible so soon after the fulfilment of my brightest hopes.
in a political campaign the little red ticket is lost on that kind of man.
after i had pondered a little over this encouraging sentiment, i asked mr. jaggers if i could send for a coach?
i suppose it is, copperfield, because there is no help for it?
turkish rugs--floral designs, angular, ruled; and geometrical designs, bright contrasting colors.
how could i, he returned, forced to the admission, when i never see her in my life?
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
mr. dick, who had told off every sentence with a thoughtful nod, paused when i had done, and sat considering, with his eyes upon my face, and his hand upon my knee.
take him past that window, and let me see him.
i believe that this is an entire mistake.
come, said marija, and took jurgis into her room, which was a tiny place about eight by six, with a cot and a chair and a dressing stand and some dresses hanging behind the door.
i beg your pardon, mr. traddles, said mr. micawber, with the old roll in his voice, as he checked himself in humming a soft tune.
her life was active, cheerful, useful; but my poor history pervaded it all.
the day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, and lo, now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.
said uriah, with a threatening shake of the head.
no tyro basks and takes his ease in his presence, but is instantly put on trial and must answer or be disgraced.
the pullman company, by moving its extra cars backward and forward over the face of the land in regiments and in battalions, keeps them all earning money.
it may be grave or even sad, it is never really boisterous, it is best subtle and quiet, but of whatever kind it should be present.
are you not aware, sir, returned mr. chillip, with his placidest smile, that your father-in-law is again a neighbour of mine?
the carrier put my box down at the garden-gate, and left me.
one, writing very diligently, and only concerned about the meaning of his words and the rhythm of his phrases, was struck into amazement by the eager triumph with which he cancelled one expression to substitute another.
i said he was my dearest friend, the protector of my boyhood, and the companion of my prime.
is there variety in the methods of presentation?
he narrates two special experiences of his own for added attractiveness.
it dont matter how much; enough to live on.
ona was scarcely able to stand with exhaustion; but if she were to lose her place they would be ruined, and she would surely lose it if she were not on time that day.
because i know i shant understand, for a length of time, if theres any business in it.
when we say 'the so-and-so exists', we mean that there is just one object which is the so-and-so.
jurgis looked twice, bewildered; then he glanced at the house next door and at the one beyond--then at the saloon on the corner.
a low crying, on the part of emily, interrupted her here.
some crumbled to dust as we touched them.
there is probably no point of view possible to a sane man but contains some truth and, in the true connection, might be profitable to the race.
if that should happen soon, he kept another course in reserve; which was, to have a certain opinion that he thought the best, on the doctor's case.
an advertisement that tells no reason why the reader should buy from the advertiser is, in my opinion, a poor advertisement.
the same subject and the same material may sometimes be so treated as to accomplish any one of these three purposes.
oh, martha, can it be you?--for they had sat at work together, many a day, at mr. omers.
the young woman was very improvable, and spoke the languages; and wouldnt have been known for the same country-person.
he must lie still and meditate, or suffer the ignominy of being asked when he is going away again.
miss mills was very glad to see me, and very sorry her papa was not at home: though i thought we all bore that with fortitude.
mr. dixon was so well pleased with his new name, and appeared to think it so obliging in mr. micawber to confer it upon him, that he shook hands with him again, and laughed rather childishly.
there was a serenity, a tranquillity, a calm sunset air about him, which quite affected me.
to a writer keenly alive to everything that is going on in the world, most subjects will be found to have some bearing on what is uppermost in men's minds.
whatever i had within me that was romantic and dreamy, was encouraged by so much story-telling in the dark; and in that respect the pursuit may not have been very profitable to me.
i salute you, citizeness, from the doctor.
you have a visitor, you see, said monsieur defarge.
on sundays, she went to church elaborated.
told would seem to imply verbal communication.
and your sister, shes no worse than she were.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
our sympathies in massachusetts are not confined to new england; though we may be estranged from the south, we sympathize with the west.
replied my aunt, and corked herself again, at one blow.
then he went and told elzbieta, and also, late as it was, he paid a visit to ostrinski to let him know of his good fortune.
it is astonishing to me now, how i found time, in the midst of my porings and blunderings over heavier themes, to read those books as i did.
are you mixing that other bowl of punch?
has that fellow--to the man with the wooden leg--been here again?
max bought a ready-made tuxedo, and i ripped out the label and sewed in one from a good tailor.
lets see; theres london, one; southwark, two; blackfriars, three; waterloo, four; westminster, five; vauxhall, six.
the easiest method for him is to narrate his own experiences.
they waited in silence while he skinned the fox, then followed the brush a while, and at length turned off into the woods again.
half an hour later he had been violently attacked, knocked down, and almost choked to death.
fashions change, and in the transplanting of other social ideas the black man has been shoved aside.
when the thirty centuries begin to look down on it, mankind begin to look up at it.
this is because their names and their pictures have greeted us again and again in print.
of her once more stopping, and looking back, and hurrying to agnes, and giving agnes, above all the others, her last kisses and farewells.
so close was her hold upon his arm, that he feared to detach himself lest he should hurt her; therefore he called out loudly for assistance without moving.
his nerve almost failed him now, but he clenched his hands.
this, besides the interest and the monthly installments, would be all--unless by chance the city should happen to decide to put in a sewer or to lay a sidewalk.
and such philosophy, such insight, does not come without being eagerly sought or without much thinking.
his speech and his movements fairly crackle with energy; his enthusiasm is as communicable as a jump spark.
they, or their contemporaries the atomists, believed, apparently, that space is composed of indivisible points, while time is composed of indivisible instants.
or (worse still) what is usually done by persons of a station and circumstances superior to mine?
it was an aggravating circumstance in the case that he had no idea of this, but conceived that he was making me amends in every new discovery: not to say, heaping obligations on my head.
mr. lorry, the passenger, shaking himself out of it in chains of straw, a tangle of shaggy wrapper, flapping hat, and muddy legs, was rather like a larger sort of dog.
well, that was the first and last time i was ever so employed.
then he pushed miss havisham in her chair before him, with one of his large hands, and put the other in his trousers-pocket as if the pocket were full of secrets.
all the fair structure of their hopes came crashing about their ears.--and all the time the old woman was going on talking.
the snow had covered our late footprints; my new track was the only one to be seen; and even that began to die away (it snowed so fast) as i looked back over my shoulder.
that he had his reasons for this, he knew full well.
compressing her lips, in sympathy with the snap, miss murdstone opened it--opening her mouth a little at the same time--and produced my last letter to dora, teeming with expressions of devoted affection.
in the corridors and caverns where it was done you might lose yourself as in the great caves of kentucky.
he brought the bottle to his lips, and took a fiery drink from it; and i smelt the strong spirits that i saw flash into his face.
on the contrary, i believe that it is because the table exists continuously that all these sense-data will reappear when i open my eyes, replace my arm, and begin again to rap with my knuckles.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
sometimes they would be obstinate and refuse to see it, and jurgis, alas, was not always patient!
but therell be someone else, soon,--someone else, soon, emly!
they thought of law as a device to keep each man in his appointed groove in society and thus prevent friction with his fellows.
is not our own interior white on the chart?
to the law-of-nature school, lawmaking was but an absolute development of absolute principles.
but say youll let me stop, and see you write.
mr. waldengarver, said the man, would be glad to have the honor.
the existence of a book, for example, is logically dependent upon that of its pages: without the pages there would be no book.
and i am so grateful to you for it, agnes, so bound to you, that there is no name for the affection of my heart.
i believe you make yourselves, and each other, two of the happiest people in the world.
others has done it safe afore, and what others has done afore, others can do agen.
of course, this really means the glorification of brute force.
the inevitable adjustments and extendings and limitations, which an attempt to administer justice in this way must involve, are covered up by a fiction of interpretation in order to maintain the general security.
as long as you are glad to be here, you shall stay here.
inquired madame defarge, letting her eyes turn to him with a gloomy smile.
as a terrier he held them up smartly and carried a plumy fishhook of a tail; as a spaniel the ears drooped and the tail swung meekly as if in apology for never having been clipped.
i reminded him of the false hopes into which i had lapsed, the length of time they had lasted, and the discovery i had made: and i hinted at the danger that weighed upon my spirits.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
i was not considered as being formally received into the school, however, until j. steerforth arrived.
if roman law could no longer claim to be embodied authority, they assumed that, corrected in its details by a juristic-philosophical critique, it was embodied reason.
rather a stately house of its kind, but dolefully in want of painting, and with dirty windows.
at all events miss havisham has that impression, and i write in obedience to it.
in the end he seized the paper and rushed out of the house, and all the way across the yards to halsted street.
if you can ever write under my name, i forgive her, though ever so long after my broken heart is dust pray do it!
i inquired was it a large household she was going to be a member of?
i should think not, though, because he told me, only the other day, that it was provided for.
very often the resulting statement is more complicated and difficult than one which, like common sense and most philosophy, assumes hypothetical entities whose existence there is no good reason to believe in.
all right, said marija, reaching for her hat, which was big enough to be a drum major's, and full of ostrich feathers.
back to thy loathd cell; and when thou seest the new enlightened sphere, study to know but what those worthies were.
since it was jurgis's first experience, these details naturally caused him some worriment; but the other laughed coolly--it was the way of the game, and there was no helping it.
when they passed on, after we had exchanged a few words, she did not like to replace that hand, but, still appearing timid and constrained, walked by herself.
in this plight, and with a strong consciousness of it, i waited to introduce myself to, and make my first impression on, my formidable aunt.
the space interposed between myself and them partook of that expansion, and our marshes were any distance off.
this doctrine, which is very widely held among philosophers, has several forms, and is advocated on several different grounds.
at the end of that day of horror, he could scarcely stand.
it is this supposed method of acquiring knowledge of our mental processes that i wish to analyse and examine in this lecture.
the successful author will always regard his writing as a problem of manipulation of material wisely chosen to accomplish an objective against the enemy.
no genuine agreement will be reached, in such a case, so long as the difference of impulse persists.
its only to be hoped, said my sister, that he wont be pompeyed.
a more powerful agency than even all these, in bringing about a general similarity among mankind, is the complete establishment, in this and other free countries, of the ascendency of public opinion in the state.
meanwhile he took the mutton off the gridiron, and gravely handed it round.
i don't feel that i know them so very well.
for being quite alone and dependent on myself in this rough world again, yes, i fear he did indeed, sobbed my mother.
everybody knowed magwitch, and magwitch could come, and magwitch could go, and nobodys head would be troubled about him.
i want to have something to do with all those many hours when you are so industrious.
madame defarge slightly waved her hand, to imply that she heard, and might be relied upon to arrive in good time, and so went through the mud, and round the corner of the prison wall.
i dare say you wonder at me, mr. pip; indeed, i see you do.
great was the labour; priceless the reward.
it resembles a huge metal tray or shovel hauled by a team of horses.
other people have been similarly buried in worse prisons, before now.
jadvyga did not know what had become of the poor creature; she would have gone to see her, but had been sick herself.
but the philosopher saw that the law did not go so far and was trying to frame a rational explanation of why it fell short.
he helplessly exclaimed to the elements.
is he thinking of his last and narrow house?
in his later years, after the death of miss savage, in periods of loneliness, depression and ill-health, butler made notes on his correspondence reproaching himself for his ill-treatment of her.
i would fain be assured that i am growing apace and rankly, though my very growth disturb this dull equanimitythough it be with struggle through long, dark, muggy nights or seasons of gloom.
food that has a certain appearance generally has a certain taste, and it is a severe shock to our expectations when the familiar appearance is found to be associated with an unusual taste.
if a writer knows an editor personally or has had correspondence with him in regard to a particular article, it may be desirable to send the manuscript to him personally.
i would sooner send him away, though i know i am the only person who appreciates him, than have him, and not spend his money on himself.
still in that attitude he said, with a hollow voice, good night, mr. pip, when i deemed it advisable to go to bed and leave him.
shams and delusions are esteemed for soundest truths, while reality is fabulous.
many a night and many a day had its inmates listened to the echoes in the corner, with hearts that failed them when they heard the thronging feet.
not being bound to her, can you not detach yourself from her?i told you i should be disagreeable.
there were hurried words of farewell and kindness, but the parting was soon over.
yet i passed some cheerful evenings in that cool and airy apartment, surrounded by the rough brown boards full of knots, and rafters with the bark on high overhead.
it is in this way that a sentence conveys information, since it tells us that certain known objects are related according to a certain known form.
yes, said jurgis, i'll take a glass of beer.
i didn't want to sleep last night, said jurgis.
and her agitated hand waved to them from a chaise window, and she was gone.
scully had gone into semi-retirement, and looked nervous and worried.
amos, systematic view of the science of jurisprudence, ch.
what a change in mrs. gummidge in a little time!
this is not a theory of the law as it is or as it ever has been.
here was a great hole, perhaps two city blocks square, and with long files of garbage wagons creeping into it.
in short, his house--or rather his boat, for he lives in one, on dry land--is full of people who are objects of his generosity and kindness.
of course i said i would do him the favour; and he was to drive me down in his phaeton, and to bring me back.
a sermon was delivered--about dora, of course--and i am afraid that is all i know of the service.
we sleep together in the midst of the ring, the arms of the golden one around us, their head upon our breast.
events of which we are conscious do not last merely for a mathematical instant, but always for some finite time, however short.
it is at once apparent, then, that the controlling purpose which has been discussed at length in an earlier chapter is in informal analysis of the utmost importance.
morality is the custom of one's country and the current feeling of one's peers.
the most telling effects are produced, not by stating his own conclusions as strongly as possible, but rather by skillfully inducing his readers to reach those conclusions by what they regard as their own mental processes.
all memorable events, i should say, transpire in morning time and in a morning atmosphere.
natural resources had been discovered and exploited and the need was for conservation of what remained available.
i denounced myself as a remorseless brute and a ruthless beast.
men will be doing amazing things under your very eyes--and you won't even know it.
mr. micawber, with a perfect miracle of dexterity or luck, caught his advancing knuckles with the ruler, and disabled his right hand.
but the moral obligation of pacts, binding the conscience of a christian, might also be cognizable by a zealous corrector of the conduct of the faithful for their soul's welfare.
they also brought with them several german mechanics.
the first arbor day was observed in nebraska, which has fewer natural trees than any other state.
one proposes that it be called gods drop.
also it means that cases of legal application of wealth to collective uses are becoming continually more numerous.
the letter was lying before me just completed, when i was told that a lady waited, who wished to see me.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
the orfling was likewise accommodated with an inexpensive lodging in the same neighbourhood.
i saw her innocently kiss her chosen husband on the cheek, and creep close to his bluff form as if it were her best support.
the night in prison was novel and interesting enough.
we know, too, the period of political reform.
the energies of jurists were turned for a time to analysis, classification and system as their sole task.
at the end of half an hour or so the cab stopped.
the boy applicants were a hundred or two hundred daily.
nothing escapes from the besom of his allusiveness, and the style is streaked and pied, almost to monotony, by the accumulation of lively details.
the great bell of saint paul's was striking one in the cleared air, when mr. lorry, escorted by jerry, high-booted and bearing a lantern, set forth on his return-passage to clerkenwell.
an hour or two hence, and the low companions and low habits that i scorn but yield to, will render me less worth such tears as those, than any wretch who creeps along the streets.
there remains, however, an important question, namely: are mental events causally dependent upon physical events in a sense in which the converse dependence does not hold?
and now what are you going to do about it?
don't let me hear no more of you, or you shall feel some more of me.
she was a settlement worker, she explained to elzbieta--she lived around on ashland avenue.
the united states supreme court--its deliberateness.
or at least--for i saw a faint blush in her face, you would have let me find it out for myself.
i saw uriah watch her while she greeted us; and he reminded me of an ugly and rebellious genie watching a good spirit.
in the limehouse series his colorings seem just a little too consciously vivid, his roguishness a little too studied, to be quite satisfying.
of the men, the greater part were armed in various ways; of the women, some wore knives, some daggers, some ate and drank as they looked on, many knitted.
the technique was one of legal reason; but it was a legal reason identified with natural reason and worked out and applied under the influence of a philosophical ideal.
pears and figs, grown under glass for wealthy patrons, repose in soft tissue-lined boxes.
farewell, farewell, my own true love--farewell, farewehell, my--own true--love!'
his next concern is to explain away the air of paradox, for james was never wilfully paradoxical.
on no other hypothesis can we account for the ferocity with which johnson turned and rended him.
im often cross to you, and changeable with you, when i ought to be far different.
i shall do it justice, for i have come from yarmouth.
if you would like to hear, joe i was beginning, when joe got up and came to my sofa.
if that will be a consolation to you, yes.
let us take the case of coming into a familiar room where something has been changed--say a new picture hung on the wall.
this occasioned its terrors to be received derisively.
our conference was held in the state parlor, which was feebly lighted by one candle.
then, i saw that his head was furrowed and bald, and that the long iron-gray hair grew only on its sides.
in the meantime, it is always preparing, though it is not seen or heard.
but he is denounced--and gravely--by the citizen and citizeness defarge.
his daughter had one of her hands drawn through his arm, as she sat by him, and the other pressed upon it.
so, if you are close behind the endless clamor, the sight cannot recognize liquid in the masses that hurl past.
i have already some acquaintance with the law--as a defendant on civil process--and i shall immediately apply myself to the commentaries of one of the most eminent and remarkable of our english jurists.
in the church and at the cross, a kneeling figure or two; attendant on the latter prayers, the led cow, trying for a breakfast among the weeds at its foot.
as d'aguesseau put it, rome was ruling by her reason, having ceased to rule by her authority.
he was a sort of town traveller for a number of miscellaneous houses, now; but made little or nothing of it, i am afraid.
such writing may be true, but it is awkward.
i sulked and sobbed as he fondled and soothed, till i began to brighten.
and then do not be afraid that you will be understood; the fire is always presumably somewhat more uncomfortable than the frying-pan.
i could never tell from inspecting such a load whether it belonged to a so called rich man or a poor one; the owner always seemed poverty-stricken.
in his tumbling around he had hurt his arm again, and so could not work, but had to be attended by the physician.
shall i not have intelligence with the earth?
eurus ad auroram nabathaque regna recessit, persidaque, et radiis juga subdita matutinis.
physics, with its principle of relativity and its revolutionary investigations into the nature of matter, is feeling the need for that kind of novelty in fundamental hypotheses which scientific philosophy aims at facilitating.
this has never been done before, but neither has a gift such as ours ever been offered to men.
although i was looking at biddy as i spoke, and although she opened her eyes very wide when i had spoken, she did not look at me.
the method really consists in arriving at an easily comprehended statement of the significance of the subject through the medium of a more immediately workable or attractive or simple synonymous statement.
he was only a little more weather-beaten than when i saw him last.
and that is what in fact happened, i'm sure of it.
a moment afterwards, he was as fawning and as humble as ever.
the trees have ample room to expand on the water side, and each sends forth its most vigorous branch in that direction.
hard patrons they were, and hard work he did; but he did not complain much.
exactly what he had been in my eyes then, he was in my eyes still; just as simply faithful, and as simply right.
then suddenly aniele came to him and took him by the arm.
that is, it doesnt pay me anything, and i have tokeep myself.
he met some neighbors with whom elzbieta had made friends in her neighborhood, and he set out to make socialists of them by wholesale, and several times he all but got into a fight.
the families had all been of different nationalities--there had been a representative of several races that had displaced each other in the stockyards.
daily he permitted us to see his order book.
and we came to a stream which lay as a streak of glass among the trees.
the description and explanation of a track-layer, which follows, is so made as to be both clear and interesting.
when i desire food, i may be aware of my desire for food; thus 'my desiring food' is an object with which i am acquainted.
through it all jurgis sat still, motionless and rigid, his eyes fixed upon the speaker; he was trembling, smitten with wonder.
i am glad to think i have been the instrument of good to mr. wickfield, and that i may be more so.
we stretched the material taut and then tacked it fast with sharp-pointed, large-headed brass tacks, and while inserting these we measured carefully the distances between the tacks in order to keep this trimming uniform.
i was one of the princes of the starry universe; in me also there was something that was not insignificant and mean and of no account.
now, davy, try once more, and dont be stupid.
at any rate, they are all reconciled to it now, i hope?
he was no longer the finest-looking man in the throng, and the bosses no longer made for him; he was thin and haggard, and his clothes were seedy, and he looked miserable.
stand up and lay your carpet with the perfect automatic.
we have been in a variety of places, and seen a deal of foreign country.
it is the work of art nearest to life itself.
the second tumbril empties and moves on; the third comes up.
i would have no honeymoon trip; i wanted the money instead.
her mistress was up, she said, and miss dartle was with her.
theories by which men have sought to give a rational account of private property as a social and legal institution may be arranged conveniently in six principal groups, each including many forms.
some hold their hands out stiffly, some drop them loosely at their sides.
so jurgis went out to the stockyards again, and was introduced to the political lord of the district, the boss of chicago's mayor.
cried mrs. gummidge, with a pitiable whimper, and now im told so!
of sociological theories, some are positivist, some psychological and some social-utilitarian.
i am a little tired, her husband acknowledged.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
your friend mr. matthew, i believe, is superior to the rest of his family?
the other objects in the room are associated, through the former occasion, with a blank space of wall where now there is a picture.
i have been thinking, trotwood, said agnes, diffidently, that if you had time-- i have a good deal of time, agnes.
sometimes i have been quite uneasy for that sort of people; but now i shall just dismiss the idea of them, altogether.
to both, he wrote that he would despatch letters in proof of his safety, immediately after his arrival.
aye, emily, beautiful and drooping, cling to him with the utmost trust of thy bruised heart; for he has clung to thee, with all the might of his great love!
then go into that opposite room, said she, pointing at the door behind me with her withered hand, and wait there till i come.
she was confident that the job lady would help her--and her confidence was not misplaced.
she took her, faint and trembling, on her arm.
now they sat round, scarcely breathing, while the old lady, who could read english, ran over it.
it really broke his heart to do this, at half-past twelve o'clock, after he had wasted the night at the meeting and on the street.
there had been shrieks from among the women convicts; but they had been stilled, and a hush had succeeded.
miss havishams gray hair was all adrift upon the ground, among the other bridal wrecks, and was a miserable sight to see.
mr. copperfield, im sure you know that he was always very umble, sir!
she stood up mechanically and faced the magistrate as officer smith, in civilian clothes, mounted the witness stand.
you was to honour and obey; why the devil don't you?
courage, my dear lucie, said mr. lorry, as he raised her.
on the night of the day on which he left the house, mr. lorry went into his room with a chopper, saw, chisel, and hammer, attended by miss pross carrying a light.
it is not in vain that the farmer remembers and repeats the few latin words which he has heard.
he said, walking aside with me when he had disposed of my affair in these terms.
her childish way was the most delicious way in the world to me, but it was necessary to be explicit, and i solemnly repeated: dora, my own life, i am your ruined david!
english lager i must say i have never liked; perhaps i have been unlucky in my specimens.
just as often an odor will wake all a vanished memory, so these voices, by the force of a large impressionism, suggest whole scenes.
i could have loved him, and asked no return.
just so, maam--and relating what i knew.
there is but one question, my dear maam, i could wish to ask, said mrs. micawber.
anything that i had seen in miss havisham?
bees discover their home to the hunter better when they are caught at some distance from the tree.
then another idea occurred to him and he went on, without waiting: maybe you never saw anythin--hic--like this 'fore?
then, issuing from the obscure corner from which he had never moved, sydney carton came and took her up.
finally there came jurgis, urged by some one, and the story was retold to him.
the last engagement she tried to make was to take the guests at the county home out for a car ride.
after a sufficient time the tube is inspected.
as in the case of like reversions in the past it is the forerunner of growth.
in this sense american literature is too globe-trotting, it has too little savor of the soil.
i found mr. waterbrook to be a middle-aged gentleman, with a short throat, and a good deal of shirt-collar, who only wanted a black nose to be the portrait of a pug-dog.
retorted mr. jaggers, lying in wait for me, with his hands in his pockets, his head on one side, and his eyes on the wall behind me; how much more?
it had such a prescriptive, stiff-necked, long-established, solemn, elderly air.
i dont know what he would have said in answer.
and as madame defarge moved on from group to group, all three went quicker and fiercer among every little knot of women that she had spoken with, and left behind.
we had a temporary lodging in covent garden.
the family, as emigrants, being objects of some interest in and about hungerford, attracted so many beholders, that we were glad to take refuge in their room.
the kite has been glad to receive it, sir, and the sky has been brighter with it.
i had my arms round mr. wickfield, imploring him by everything that i could think of, oftenest of all by his love for agnes, to calm himself a little.
meantime the packers had set themselves definitely to the task of making a new labor force.
if my career were of that better kind that there was any opportunity or capacity of sacrifice in it, i would embrace any sacrifice for you and for those dear to you.
i recalled, too, that the one-eyed gentleman had shuffled forth against the wall when i was the innocent cause of his being turned out.
legislation and the edict, so far as they had any more than a positive foundation of political authority, were but imperfect and ephemeral copies of this jural reality.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
becoming reconciled to a great loss of money or friends.
have some respect for them, as you are a lady, if you have no mercy for me.
i think that it is enough if they have god on their side, without waiting for that other one.
i was a poor boy then, as you know, and to a poor boy they were a little fortune.
that, his position and attitude were, on the whole, sublime.
she took me in both her arms, and squeezed me to her stays until the pressure on my nose was extremely painful, though i never thought of that till afterwards when i found it very tender.
if some afternoon you take a stroll through gladwin park your attention may be attracted to a little white building at the lower end of the settling basin.
we would accept our life mandate, and we would work for our brothers, gladly and willingly, and we would erase our sin against them, which they did not know, but we knew.
but what we know as a person is not simple.
punishment and fear were not; nor were threatening words read on suspended brass; nor did the suppliant crowd fear the words of their judge; but were safe without an avenger.
i write of her just as she was when i had gone to bed after this talk, and she came to bid me good night.
said mr. micawber violently gesticulating with his pocket-handkerchief, and fairly striking out from time to time with both arms, as if he were swimming under superhuman difficulties.
the more sensible thing is to simplify our task.
the raymond referred to, i understood to be the gentleman present, and him i understood to be mr. camilla.
why concern ourselves so much about our beans for seed, and not be concerned at all about a new generation of men?
i am very sorry to see it, and its aits a bad side of human nature.
the government itself, which is only the mode which the people have chosen to execute their will, is equally liable to be abused and perverted before the people can act through it.
she has a couple of thousand pounds of her own, and saves the interest of it every year, to add to the principal.
what was in it, further than that it most heartlessly broke the marriage off, i cant tell you, because i dont know.
i said to biddy we would walk a little farther, and we did so, and the summer afternoon toned down into the summer evening, and it was very beautiful.
yes, returned herbert, and you may suppose how mild it makes his gout.
the trouble could not be rectified by placing the engines further forward, for then the ship would not float properly when light.
both were so wrapped up, and the night was so dark, and we were all so reserved, that i cannot undertake to say even that.
the clerk and clergyman then appearing, we were ranged in order at those fatal rails.
long in the aggregate, though short as they went by.
how much of his vast structure will bear the touch of time, how much is clay and how much brass, it were too curious to inquire.
all day long, little minnie has cried for her, and asked me, over and over again, whether emly was wicked?
the flap of skin thus left serves to cover the bloody and unsightly stub of the neck.
but, now that i remember, one of you has already been there, and can show the way.
there, his eyes happening to catch the tall joker writing up his joke, he called to him across the way: say, then, my gaspard, what do you do there?
i have begun (and finished) a number of other books, but i cannot remember to have sat down to one of them with more complacency.
in every threat and in every compliment there was a blunder; for they thought that my chief desire was to stand the other side of that stone wall.
i told them what a hard master mr. creakle was, and they pitied me very much.
you are reading for the bar, mr. waterbrook informed me?
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
so our human life but dies down to its root, and still puts forth its green blade to eternity.
then why go into subjects, old chap, which as betwixt two sech must be for ever onnecessary?
the national association would like to see these training-schools turning out this type of worker for the homes all over the country.
i don't wonder that those who play it look bored.
thus what was originally a false opinion as to the object of a desire acquires a certain truth: the false opinion generates a secondary subsidiary desire, which nevertheless becomes real.
the hunters were formerly a numerous and merry crew here.
jurgis and his companions went south on halsted street; past the hotel, and then suddenly half a dozen men started across the street toward them and proceeded to argue with them concerning the error of their ways.
it was deepened, if it were changed at all; but it was as undefined as ever, and addressed me like a strain of sorrowful music faintly heard in the night.
but my mother made no answer, except to thank her, and peggotty went running on in her own fashion.
that's a new one on me, said the newcomer.
looking round upon the trees he would exclaim,by george!
there is no alloy of self in what i feel for you.
i seem to have done nothing with pre-meditation, but rather, to have had things done to me.
a crow has traced his parallel hieroglyph, alternate footprints with long dashes where he trailed his middle toe as he lifted his foot and his spur as he brought it down.
brave deeds or heroic resistances are all too seldom presented in full length in the news, and generously portrayed prove the nobility inherent in every-day life.
if you please, committing you in no way, representing you in no way, i will undertake to correct my advice by the exercise of a little new observation and judgment expressly brought to bear upon it.
an emotion in its entirety contains dynamic elements, such as motor impulses, desires, pleasures and pains.
in such a case, we say that our knowledge of the object is knowledge by description.
all i had to do, i said, with gloomy sarcasm, was to forget dora.
the united states employment bureaus are also taking a hand in this, and, with the coperation of the high schools, are placing girls as trained assistants on the new basis.
thus universals are not thoughts, though when known they are the objects of thoughts.
he grunted affirmatively, then puffed in silence for a few minutes.
in the hands of traddles, and said he wished him well in every relation of life.
on these occasions, wemmick took his books and papers into mr. jaggerss room, and one of the upstairs clerks came down into the outer office.
it was she, running swiftly; as she saw him, she staggered forward, and half fell into his outstretched arms.
there is hardly a more favored fruit section in the country than the northern half of niagara county.
very willingly, said the mender of roads.
patches of poor rye where corn should have been, patches of poor peas and beans, patches of most coarse vegetable substitutes for wheat.
philosophy is a study apart from the other sciences: its results cannot be established by the other sciences, and conversely must not be such as some other science might conceivably contradict.
i thowt, odd times, as her father being drownded made her think on it so much.
each bargain day was advertised in advance among lockport consumers.
antanas had asked; to which the man had replied that that was nobody's business, but that he could do what he said.
a despised person becomes, on acquaintance, delightful.
pythagoras, as we all learnt in youth, discovered the proposition that the sum of the squares on the sides of a right-angled triangle is equal to the square on the hypotenuse.
when i presented my bouquet, he gnashed his teeth with jealousy.
a man would die to-night of lying out on the marshes, i thought.
jurgis knew that this meant simply that the foreman had found some one else to do the work as well and did not want to bother to make a change.
i had never seen any one then, and i have never seen any one since, who more strongly expressed to me, in every look and tone, a natural incapacity to do anything secret and mean.
in other hands, the doctrine tends to become ultro-ethical and to impair the security of transactions.
it brings in more confusion, and you want confusion.
he pressed the work-worn, hunger-worn young fingers, and touched his lips.
thus it was that i took upon myself the toils and cares of our life, and had no partner in them.
my disposition is, if i may say so, eminently practical.
words passed between us in consequence, and i felt it due to my character to leave him.
then we took our glass box, and we went on into the forest.
they never heard of spaulding, and do not know that he is their neighbor,notwithstanding i heard him whistle as he drove his team through the house.
it took a short siesta at noon, and boomed once more toward night, as the sun was withdrawing his influence.
in the meantime there was going on in another corner of the room an anxious conference between teta elzbieta and dede antanas, and a few of the more intimate friends of the family.
we were gathering the papers and the rags which the wind had blown from the theatre, when we saw an iron bar among the weeds.
i prefer to form my own opinion, without the aid of his.
madame defarge sat observing it, with such suppressed approval as was to be desired in the leader of the saint antoine women.
brings to light the most trivial of reasons.
if he should turn to and beat her, he may possibly get the strength on his side; if it should be a question of intellect, he certainly will not.
in the afternoon of the next day, my old nurse and i went down to gravesend.
when he had spoken some sound words of sympathy and encouragement, we sat down to consider the question, what was to be done?
yet at least the tragedy was not without its value.
it was, of course, not a thing even to be talked of lightly; it was a thing they would have to sift to the bottom.
interrupted biddy, looking closely at the leaf in her hand.
who can believe, for example, that a new-born baby is aware of the necessity of food for preserving life?
dispirited and anxious, long hoping that to-morrow or next week would clear my way, and long disappointed, i sadly missed the cheerful face and ready response of my friend.
beyond are the barns, poultry houses, nurseries and greenhouses, and a cottage which is used as a dormitory for the girls--as unlike the usual dormitory as the school is unlike the usual school.
i grasped the handle of the perfect automatic, stretched with our united strength, and pushed down on the lever.
with the same intention, he drew the key across it, three or four times, before he put it clumsily into the lock, and turned it as heavily as he could.
the paymaster sat in a little booth, with a pile of envelopes before him, and two policemen standing by.
* you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
but his handclasp was hearty, and he spoke in lithuanian, which warmed jurgis to him.
my only other remembrances of the great festival are, that they wouldnt let me go to sleep, but whenever they saw me dropping off, woke me up and told me to enjoy myself.
fifty-two were to roll that afternoon on the life-tide of the city to the boundless everlasting sea.
with an impatient movement of the fingers of her right hand; play, play, play!
miss trotwood, david, pray come and see the doctor.
for mrs. frazer is the original of becky thatcher, the childhood sweetheart of tom sawyer, and the original of tom sawyer, of course, was mark twain himself.
we have been in france, switzerland, italy, in fact, almost all parts.
all the most striking of his instances of intuition in animals have a very direct survival value.
you know a compatriot who has found a refuge there?
small tradesmen, who did no business whatever, sometimes unaccountably realised large fortunes, and it was remarkable that nobody in the neighbourhood could endure a lamplighter.
thus we have in fact a crude equitable application, a crude individualization, throughout the field of judicial administration of justice.
butler became persuaded that miss savage loved him; this bored him; and the correspondence would lapse till he felt the need of her cheery friendship again.
when there is legislation wanted, all kinds of organizations invariably call upon this league of the working women, whose purpose is a wider social justice.
jurgis clung to his guide like a scared child to its nurse, and while the latter hailed one foreman after another to ask if they could use another unskilled man, he stared about him and marveled.
beside, clothes introduced sewing, a kind of work which you may call endless; a womans dress, at least, is never done.
when i see a patch of colour, it seemed to me that the colour is not psychical, but physical, while my seeing is not physical, but psychical.
why, said joe, yes, there certainly were a peck of orange-peel.
not that she was a cynic; she just disliked to tempt folks.
so long as she remained in this condition, mr. barkis gave no sign of life whatever.
i am the resurrection and the life, saith the lord: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in me, shall never die.
after which, he was grave for a minute or so.
we care not about our body, but our light is...
i could hardly believe but that i was in a dream, and that i should wake presently in number forty-four, to the solitary box in the coffee-room and the familiar waiter again.
the shrapnel-bursts look like a plantation of powder-puffs suspended in the sky.
it is the opening night of the new community theatre of new york's densely populated east side.
again the works of man shine as in the spring.
thus the holidays lagged away, until the morning came when miss murdstone said: heres the last day off!
we want to see them as living men and women.
so my son took, of his own will, and on no compulsion, to the course in which he can always, when it is his pleasure, outstrip every competitor, she pursued.
the consciousness of being dressed appropriately--not expensively or ornately--is a valuable aid to the farm saleswoman, mrs. tupper thinks.
even the sailor on the atlantic and pacific is awakened by his voice; but its shrill sound never roused me from my slumbers.
the separation of these two kinds of primitiveness is vitally important to our present discussion.
cried defarge, reddening a little as if he felt charged with cowardice; i too, my dear, will stop at nothing.
we do not wonder at this new sin of ours.
his chubby finger went against the push button.
i am staying at the house of papas agent, mr. waterbrook, in ely place, holborn.
miss pross, on the instinct of the moment, seized her round the waist in both her arms, and held her tight.
this is the young gentleman whose teeth are to be filed!
it was the vengeance who, amidst the warm commendations of the audience, thus assisted the proceedings.
and when you overstrain yourself you are assisting in the creation of a new self--if you get what we mean.
he turned white and clung more tightly to the railing.
hence in his view the so-called abstract promise is a mere subjective qualification of one's will which he is at liberty to change.
as to the state of affairs that will bring quiescence with cessation of the discomfort.
his hair and whiskers were blacker and thicker, looked at so near, than even i had given them credit for being.
he looked at us, as if he could never feast his eyes on us sufficiently.
in his heat and triumph, and in his knowledge that i had been nearly fainting, he did not remark on my reception of all this.
mr. wopsle had been for going back, but joe was resolved to see it out, so we went on with the party.
the ship had struck once, the same boatman hoarsely said in my ear, and then lifted in and struck again.
some of our reasons for desiring free will are profound, some trivial.
i used to think there were so many whom you might have married, who would not have brought such charge and trouble on you, and who would have made your home a worthier home.
one of her red and toil-scarred hands half covered his fat little back.
yet somehow it had begun to seem possible lately that a miracle might happen, that summer might drift on and on through the months--a final upheaval to crown a wonderful year.
repeated mr. micawber; and all he had reserved came breaking out of him.
such sayings themselves grow harder and adhere more firmly with age, and it would take many blows with a trowel to clean an old wiseacre of them.
the rhapsody welled up within me, like blood from an inward wound, and gushed out.
miss havisham had settled down, i hardly knew how, upon the floor, among the faded bridal relics with which it was strewn.
the certain big man shook his head negatively; but he was flattered nevertheless.
now, you shall see me walk back by myself.
it was at that time that mama was most solicitous about my cousin maldon.
we had come, through temple bar, into the city.
it seemed such an extraordinary thing to have dora always there.
why, i was thinking that this evening would be a good time, steerforth, when they are all sitting round the fire.
i wrote to him most affectionately in reply to his, but i think i was glad, upon the whole, that he could not come to london just then.
years have passed since he knew, from me, what his situation here was.
she had not been married many weeks, when that man's brother saw her and admired her, and asked that man to lend her to him--for what are husbands among us!
then after a long interval came the heavy tread of a policeman, and they held their breath till he was gone.
john barsad, or solomon pross, walked at his side.
we placed our glass box upon the table before them.
i retreated to my own room no more; i took refuge with peggotty no more; but sat wearily in the parlour day after day, looking forward to night, and bedtime.
a microscopic examination for trichinae shall be made of all swine products exported to countries requiring such examination.
miss dartle and i regarded each other for a little while in silence; her manner being exactly what it was, when she had produced the man.
these figures serve the bureau as an index to the county's progress.
said he; some men are satisfied with one thing, and some with another.
we are not free to follow our own devices, you and i.
what company has that lonely lake, i pray?
said mr. lorry, as the safest remark he could think of.
since you oblige me to speak more plainly, which i am very unwilling to do, her humble connexions would render such a thing impossible, if nothing else did.
we have now constructed a largely hypothetical picture of the world, which contains and places the experienced facts, including those derived from testimony.
he was a very hard man, and her mother had long been dead.
said i, as civilly as i could, after a silence.
what are they but puppets in the hand of some passionless fate, loveless and hateless, whose purposes are beyond all human vision?
as i lay in bed looking at him, it made me, in my weak state, cry again with pleasure to see the pride with which he set about his letter.
you had a particular fancy for me, hadnt you, old artful?
leaving the rest in the boat, i stepped ashore, and found the light to be in a window of a public-house.
then out of a very little, she could dress herself, you see, better than most others could out of a deal, and that made things unpleasant.
why, i want to ask, aunt, as this seems, from what i understand, to be a limited profession, whether my entrance into it would not be very expensive?
whatever gloss the various spectators put upon the interest, according to their several arts and powers of self-deceit, the interest was, at the root of it, ogreish.
this being considered a good precaution, soon after breakfast he and i set forth, without saying anything at the tavern.
this is in fact true; but the view that an infinite number of instants make up an infinitely long time is not true, and therefore the conclusion that achilles will never overtake the tortoise does not follow.
but the face was in the main one face, and every head was prematurely white.
that the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilised community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others.
the primitive non-cognitive element in desire seems to be a push, not a pull, an impulsion away from the actual, rather than an attraction towards the ideal.
you know that i am always with him to the full extent of the time allowed, and that i should be with him all day long, if i could.
very little, sir, i am afraid; i answered, speaking to him as respectfully and sorrowfully as i felt; but pray believe me, i have considered my own worldly position.
said dora, shaking her curls, if you are so ridiculous.
his vote is of no more worth than that of any unprincipled foreigner or hireling native, who may have been bought.
the reason for this combination is not far to seek.
and but for the promptitude of that best of creatures, said mrs. markleham, telegraphing the doctor as before, and refolding the letter, it would be insupportable to me to think of.
and this was the fact, for jurgis had never seen a city, and scarcely even a fair-sized town, until he had set out to make his fortune in the world and earn his right to ona.
the frenzy was so violent, that i had not unfastened the bandages restraining the arms; but, i had looked to them, to see that they were not painful.
duguit, in progress of the law in the nineteenth century (continental legal history series, vol.
mr. wopsle answered, those are not the exact words.
said traddles, with a wince, as if he had had a tooth out.
the irish have given place to the italians, who have been replaced by the russians.
i ask for information, as a plodding man of business who only deals with such material objects as guineas, shillings, and bank-notes--may not the retention of the thing involve the retention of the idea?
so the pocket-book which had once been in my hands passed into the officers.
so we were left to take leave of one another without any restraint.
on the other hand, she often looked at him, with interest and curiosity, if not distrust, but his face never showed the least consciousness.
in the late spring the canning factory started up again, and so once more marija was heard to sing, and the love-music of tamoszius took on a less melancholy tone.
since i have been in that altered position, i have strained every nerve, i have exerted every energy, to improve it.
said mr. lorry, bending down his ear, while his eye strayed to the house afar off.
said i. oh, dont talk to me about poor, returned my aunt.
all the political changes of the age promote it, since they all tend to raise the low and to lower the high.
the most important part was played by psychology which undermined the foundation of the metaphysical will-philosophy of law.
she had chained it up again, and however it might tear her within, she subdued it to herself.
we were running too fast to admit of more being said, and we made no stop until we got into our kitchen.
the idealist, his eye singly fixed upon the greater outlines, loves rather to fill up the interval with detail of the conventional order, briefly touched, soberly suppressed in tone, courting neglect.
but in practice it has broken down no less completely than the analogous idea of entire separation of the judicial from the lawmaking function.
be sure that you write about the subject, then, and not about some other.
i stopped to assure him that i had not done so in bad manners, but uncertain whether he might or might not like a job.
his bosom-was choking with it, bursting with it; he crouched here in the darkness beside her, stretching out his arms to her--and she was gone forever, she was dead!
you see how composed he has become, and you cannot be afraid to leave him with me now.
it is better for the poor little plaything to die so, than to live.
my own taste ran to expensive little hats.
then write an analytical theme which shall thoroughly cover the skeleton classification and shall also be attractive.
i should say to you, that that was--in a general way--what i miss in emly.
just one year and three days after she had begun work as a can-painter, she lost her job.
if he abuses my confidence, he commits a dishonourable action, mr. copperfield.
she was--and he was--before the slow years of the north tower--ages ago.
he was presented with choice between aggressive daring business operations, and financial insignificance or ruin.
my friend copperfield will perhaps do me the favour to check that total?
now, i warned you before, said he, throwing his forefinger at the terrified client, that if you ever presumed to talk in that way here, id make an example of you.
when mr. wopsle had imparted to me all that he could recall or i extract, and when i had treated him to a little appropriate refreshment, after the fatigues of the evening, we parted.
there were other times when she would come to a sudden check in this tone and in all her many tones, and would seem to pity me.
no; because when i come in from the forge of a night, any one can see me turning to at it.
a writer need not confine himself to his own experiences for confession stories; he may obtain valuable material for them from others.
door-sill there was none, but a perennial passage for the hens under the door board.
we arranged the time of our visit, and i wrote accordingly to mr. creakle that evening.
it was aniele's kitchen, and huddled round the stove were half a dozen women, pale and frightened.
the beauty of the contents of a phrase, or of a sentence, depends implicitly upon alliteration and upon assonance.
and yet it looked so like it, sir, i pleaded with a downcast heart.
asked the woman, carefully lowering the filled pail to the outstretched little hand.
my muse may be excused if she is silent henceforth.
then we sing hymns, the hymn of brotherhood, and the hymn of equality, and the hymn of the collective spirit.
this baby was one of twins; and i may remark here that i hardly ever, in all my experience of the family, saw both the twins detached from mrs. micawber at the same time.
traddles pretended for a little while to be busily looking among the papers.
jurgis could hardly hold the bottle, his hands shook so.
this is commonly stated in the form 'nothing can both be and not be', which is intended to express the fact that nothing can at once have and not have a given quality.
one as knowd his servant see em there, all three, and told me how they travelled, and where they was.
the passage was a long one, and seemed to pervade the whole square basement of the manor house.
there are times when we do not wish to be any better than we are.
the impure can neither stand nor sit with purity.
personal experience articles of this type are very popular in women's magazines, agricultural journals, and publications that appeal to business men.
did i never give her a burning love, inseparable from jealousy at all times, and from sharp pain, while she speaks thus to me!
this is marriage, trot; and heaven bless you both, in it, for a pair of babes in the wood as you are!
for a door we used a discarded screen-door, which, having been denuded of the bits of wire clinging to it, answered the purpose very well.
and while i was groping for the fable and the character required, behold i found them lying ready and nine years old in my memory.
i want the flower and fruit of a man; that some fragrance be wafted over from him to me, and some ripeness flavor our intercourse.
the stone-boat is a peculiar vehicle incidental to america, and has nothing whatsoever to do with the water.
this is the first great necessity in criticizing.
above a heap of dust and ashes in the court, ran the letters: national property.
the lack of proper training deprives many of the workers, in all branches, of the best protection against functional nervous diseases which any person can have, namely, a well-trained nervous system.
when we shut our eyes and call up pictures of familiar scenes, we usually have no difficulty, so long as we remain awake, in discriminating between what we are imagining and what is really seen.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
everybody laughed at them, for tamoszius was petite and frail, and marija could have picked him up and carried him off under one arm.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
(c) it is sometimes urged that the mathematical account of motion is rendered fictitious by its assumption of points and instants.
it was written with a plain, unaffected, homely piety that i knew to be genuine, and ended with my duty to my ever darling--meaning myself.
oh, what an accusation, exclaimed dora, opening her eyes wide; to say that you ever saw me take gold watches!
at every question he gave me a fleshy cut with it that made me writhe; so i was very soon made free of salem house (as steerforth said), and was very soon in tears also.
and her stepdaughter to stand by and hear it said without protesting!
the comeliest of black malts is, of course, that noble liquor called of guinness.
put me aside for ever,you have done so, i well know,but bestow yourself on some worthier person than drummle.
three or four soldiers who lay upon it in their great-coats were not much interested in us, but just lifted their heads and took a sleepy stare, and then lay down again.
he tried once or twice, stammering and balking, to the annoyance of the judge, who was gasping from the odor of fertilizer.
i'm a poor working-man-- then, suddenly, he stopped short.
from the circumstance of the latter article having been much polished, and displaying prismatic colours on the inside, i conclude that mr. barkis had some general ideas about pearls, which never resolved themselves into anything definite.
for years and years, mr. barkis had carried this box, on all his journeys, every day.
without being nearly so much surprised as i had expected, my mother entered into it readily; and it was all arranged that night, and my board and lodging during the visit were to be paid for.
owing to these complications, the simplest type of correspondence is impossible when either negative facts or negative propositions are involved.
at the same instant the car was assailed by a most terrifying shriek; the visitors started in alarm, the women turned pale and shrank back.
he informed me that his father was a bargeman, and walked, in a black velvet head-dress, in the lord mayors show.
--'woe unto you that are rich, for ye have received your consolation!'
it is the fashion of the present time to disparage negative logic--that which points out weaknesses in theory or errors in practice, without establishing positive truths.
ham echoed this sentiment, and we parted with them in the heartiest manner.
you understand it now, trot, said my aunt.
his veiled twinkle happened to meet my gaze.
the man in livery had moved silently toward them; master freddie took off his hat and handed it to him, and then, letting go of jurgis' arm, tried to get out of his overcoat.
my dear agnes, do you doubt my being true to you?
you always have to exercise a little supervision over nature!
he never smoked so late, and it seemed to hint to me that he wanted comforting, for some reason or other.
i have had twenty-five or thirty souls, with their bodies, at once under my roof, and yet we often parted without being aware that we had come very near to one another.
for example, we have an impulse to inflict pain upon those whom we hate; we therefore believe that they are wicked, and that punishment will reform them.
with which she pushed me into a corner near her, and fenced me in with a chair, as if it were a prison or a bar of justice.
i think, said agnes, turning pale, its papa.
he did this with the air of a jack who was so right that he could afford to do anything.
proud and wilful as of old, she had brought those qualities into such subjection to her beauty that it was impossible and out of natureor i thought soto separate them from her beauty.
the hour had measured like most other hours.
i am to be trusted, for the first time in a long while, with my miserable life, on account of what you have given me to try for.
here is a sample of my advertising: i send young, milk-fed chickens, ready for the cook, direct to you from the farm.
when he was left alone, this strange being took up a candle, went to a glass that hung against the wall, and surveyed himself minutely in it.
there were no more continents to discover.
there is nothing traddles likes so much!
there they remained, a nightmare to me, many and many a night and day.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
and what the devil do you mean, retorted steerforth, by putting mr. copperfield into a little loft over a stable?
to make every word bear in the one general direction--that is the writer's task.
wallace was one of the important secondary generals in the civil war, distinguished at fort donelson and at shiloh.
this, said the stranger, with a certain condescending roll in his voice, and a certain indescribable air of doing something genteel, which impressed me very much, is master copperfield.
i have no scruple in saying, in the presence of our friends here, that i am a man who has, for some years, contended against the pressure of pecuniary difficulties.
he told us that he held the whole house, but rarely used more of it than we saw.
and we thought that we could trust this being who looked upon us from the stream, and that we had nothing to fear with this being.
in every rage of wind and rush of rain, i heard pursuers.
and meantime another was swung up, and then another, and another, until there was a double line of them, each dangling by a foot and kicking in frenzy--and squealing.
a release by mere acknowledgment, when good at all, needs no equivalent and need not be acted on.
ah, young master, theres more changes than yours.
im wrong out of the forge, the kitchen, or off th meshes.
here was where they made brown's imperial hams and bacon, brown's dressed beef, brown's excelsior sausages!
yet the battle with it took all the manhood that he had--and once or twice, alas, a little more.
the action of her fingers was like the action of knitting.
bless me, trotwood, how you do remind me of her!
mr. stryver remarked upon the peculiarity as if it would have been infinitely less remarkable if he had said it with his head off.
my dear traddles, said i, i am delighted to see you at last, and very sorry i have not been at home before.
they kept him in a dark place, like a cheese, until he had the full tellson flavour and blue-mould upon him.
these small waves raised by the evening wind are as remote from storm as the smooth reflecting surface.
it increased in volume, and at last rose high enough to be caught by the wind.
what i had to do, was, to turn the painful discipline of my younger days to account, by going to work with a resolute and steady heart.
so also does the law of contract in an economic order based upon credit.
i stop from weariness, for more might yet be said.
no, replied emly, shaking her head, im afraid of the sea.
suddenly, he turned to the sergeant, and remarked, i wish to say something respecting this escape.
from both ends, therefore, the difference between physical and psychological data is diminished.
the wildest scenes had become unaccountably familiar.
help us all you can to find her, and may heaven reward you!
the sand, coloring matter and cullet are in separate bins; an electrical conveyor takes enough of each for a batch to a mixing machine; from there the batch goes on a long belt to the furnace.
you confuse me, and how can i transact business if i am confused?
heaven knows i dont mean to be unreasonable, aunt!
we win, not by majority, as in cards; success or failure is unanimous.
or what worse can be said of any obstruction to good, than that it prevents this?
now, said he, when we had surveyed one another for some time, ive got you.
the author centers the interest in one of the pupils, and shows the value of the school in terms of this girl's experience.
suddenly, however, there came a series of resounding blows upon it, causing the crowd to give back.
this sentiment, as compressing the general question into a nutshell, gave the utmost satisfaction, and brought the gentleman into great notice until the ladies retired.
i adapted them for my own repetition, and said to my pillow, i love her, i love her, i love her!
she is coming home with me the day after tomorrow.
the last inhabitant of these woods before me was an irishman, hugh quoil (if i have spelt his name with coil enough,) who occupied wymans tenement,col.
remember thy creator in the days of thy youth.
he greeted me cordially; and told me i should certainly be happy under doctor strong, who was one of the gentlest of men.
the banks of bubbly creek are plastered thick with hairs, and this also the packers gather and clean.
new paint on the house, and new weatherboards, where the old had begun to rot off, and the agent had got after them!
i waited, in the utmost impatience, until my mother came home from mrs. graypers (for it was that identical neighbour), to ascertain if we could get leave to carry out this great idea.
we can now also explain the correlation between a private space and parts of perspective space.
when his face clears, as he looks into the third.
i detest this mongrel time, neither day nor night.
thus idealists deny the existence of matter as something intrinsically different from mind, though they do not deny that our sense-data are signs of something which exists independently of our private sensations.
such experience not only supplies him with an abundance of material, but gives him a better understanding and a more sympathetic appreciation of the life of all classes.
drawing his arm through his own, he took him down ludgate-hill to fleet-street, and so, up a covered way, into a tavern.
excessive discipline, especially when it has been imposed from without, often issues in impulses of cruelty and destruction; this is one reason why militarism has a bad effect on national character.
a considerable scuffling within ensued, but nothing else.
if i were to preach at all in this strain, i should say rather, set about being good.
he had hoarded, all these years, i found, to good purpose.
in the past these have been confused under the name of interpretation.
as she was (very bad handwriting apart) a more than indifferent speller, and as joe was a more than indifferent reader, extraordinary complications arose between them which i was always called in to solve.
having once got hold they never let go, but struggled and wrestled and rolled on the chips incessantly.
i drank to the new couple, drank to the aged, drank to the castle, saluted the bride at parting, and made myself as agreeable as i could.
consider, for example, the case of education.
why, how should i ever spend it without you?
bergson's contention has undoubtedly a great deal of truth, and i have no wish to deny its importance.
the snow was piled high on our packs, our rifles were crusted with ice, the leather of our hob-nailed boots was frozen stiff over our lamed feet.
i turn my head, and see it, in its beautiful serenity, beside me.
and then the hotel-keeper would go on to show how the socialists had the only real remedy for such evils, how they alone meant business with the beef trust.
here dora shook her head, and diamonds twinkled in her eyes.
then, i tracked the brother here, and last night climbed in--a common dog, but sword in hand.--where is the loft window?
and i grieve to add that peals of laughter greeted mr. wopsle on every one of these occasions.
a dead silence prevailed for some moments.
it has put a stupor upon every one who hears it, as well as upon the men who are playing it.
and another shilling or so in biscuits, and another in fruit, eh?
when he tried to knock upon it, it swung open the rest of the way, and he had a glimpse of her, with a black bottle turned up to her lips.
they were both looking after me, and i felt that they were speaking of me.
he said, pip, old chap, you knowed her when she were a fine figure of a and clasped my hand and said no more.
i nodded assent to the pretty inquiry of the raised eyebrows, and kissed the parted lips.
the recent vkktory had been won eksklusively by highland warriors.
we know that for logicians (formerly at any rate) the concept is the simple and primitive element; next comes the judgment, uniting two or several concepts; then ratiocination, combining two or several judgments.
now there came footsteps outside, and, as he opened the door a man in livery entered, carrying a folding table, and behind him two men with covered trays.
but here nature had given me a feast, which seemed delicious, and i had eaten all i wanted.
his object is to thrill the reader at the thought that mankind constantly strives in spite of all his failures.
the niagara falls and tonawanda chambers of commerce get together with the lockport chamber and the farm bureau and talk over problems of inter-county importance.
by and by he found a comfortable spot, and there he devoured his meal, slaking his thirst at the stream.
i haven't a cent in my pockets, and nothing to do.
i beg your pardon, sir, says i, if you please, im looking for the dog.
i knew that the care of it, and the hard duty of preparing his mother to receive it, could only rest with me; and i was anxious to discharge that duty as faithfully as i could.
in this way its logical status differs from that of the theories which are proved by its means.
before this boy, who was reputed to be a great scholar, and was very good-looking, and at least half-a-dozen years my senior, i was carried as before a magistrate.
he was full of plans for his gentlemans coming out strong, and like a gentleman, and urged me to begin speedily upon the pocket-book which he had left in my possession.
said the mender of roads, with an air of mystery.
when we had done, he brought me a pudding, and having set it before me, seemed to ruminate, and to become absent in his mind for some moments.
only by immediate adoption of the most active and widespread measures of prevention can the human tooth be saved from the fate that has befallen the leg of the whale.
it was surprising how quickly he made up his mind and put his resolve into execution.
while his guests assembled in a store-shed to drink champagne and eat sandwiches, he produced a big flat book, sumptuously bound, and told us how his patents were being infringed on in germany.
the sea is the same we have known for so long.
jurgis put the money on the table and the woman counted it and stowed it away.
we looked too long at the stars at night, and at the trees and the earth.
since all known things are in time, a causal law must take account of temporal relations.
the sun had been shining brightly all day on the roof of my attic, and the room was warm.
i may have effected something, or his wildness may have spent itself; but by degrees he struggled less, and began to look at me--strangely at first, then with recognition in his eyes.
by such a pile we may hope to scale heaven at last.
we cannot alter the plans again so soon.
then we lead the way up the stairs to the attic and again stand and wait.
he was bald on the top of his head; and had some thin wet-looking hair that was just turning grey, brushed across each temple, so that the two sides interlaced on his forehead.
there we stood, well squared up before it, shoulder to shoulder and foot to foot, with our hands behind us, not budging an inch.
i am pretty well, i thank you, answered mr. lorry, with meekness; how are you?
it was yet an hour before the station house would open, and jurgis had no overcoat--and was weak from a long illness.
i investigated idly, and found that the rent was thirty dollars less than we were paying.
one sweep of the ax always did the business.
he looked at mr. micawber attentively, with his whole face breathing short and quick in every feature.
a sentimental reformer in architecture, he began at the cornice, not at the foundation.
agnes has a great liking for traddles, and it is capital to see them meet, and to observe the glory of traddles as he commends the dearest girl in the world to her acquaintance.
those gra-a-ate thoughts, those gra-a-ate men you hear of!
it is life near the bone where it is sweetest.
if it had been otherwise--' carton looked at the pen and saw it was trailing off into unintelligible signs.
but a central organ of information and instruction for all the localities, would be equally valuable in all departments of administration.
this time she heeded him, and caught her breath and lay silent, save for the gasping sobs that wrenched all her frame.
a prosperous voyage out, a thriving career abroad, and a happy return home!
here comes such a subtile and ineffable quality, for instance, as truth or justice, though the slightest amount or new variety of it, along the road.
the spectators were breathless at her certain fate.
i was looking back round the awning of the cart, and wondered what business it was of his.
a pause of forgetfulness, and then he had even suffered, and had come back to her, dead and at peace, and yet there was no difference in him.
and as in the case of things, so here: the one all-embracing space, though convenient as a way of speaking, need not be supposed really to exist.
this statement sounds so well, that i cannot in my conscience let it pass unexplained.
any friend of my friend copperfields, said mr. micawber, has a personal claim upon myself.
since this belief does not lead to any difficulties, but on the contrary tends to simplify and systematize our account of our experiences, there seems no good reason for rejecting it.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
no, comrade, said the other, dryly, for he was a practical man.
inquired my aunt, with uncommon composure, or pounds?
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
forgive me if i notice that you are affected.
of course she stopped paying her dues to the union.
but he went on to argue that sense-data were the only things of whose existence our perceptions could assure us; and that to be known is to be 'in' a mind, and therefore to be mental.
thus space and time appear to be infinitely divisible.
that is to say, the appropriate state of body and brain is proved to be necessary for memory, but not to be sufficient.
you may cast the whole process into a personal mood by telling how some one, perhaps yourself, did it on a previous occasion.
i feel as if it were someone else speaking to you, and not i, when i caution you that you have made a dangerous friend.
his white breast, the stillness of the air, and the smoothness of the water were all against him.
this is a remarkable depth for so small an area; yet not an inch of it can be spared by the imagination.
they are, mr. lorry whispered the words, glancing fearfully round at the locked room, murdering the prisoners.
but in spite of the truth of their belief, they cannot be said to have knowledge.
as law replaced religion as the controlling regulative agency, the old religiously sanctioned promise becomes a formal legal contract.
i never saw such curls--how could i, for there never were such curls!--as those she shook out to hide her blushes.
but passive renunciation is not the whole wisdom; for not by renunciation alone can we build a temple for the worship of our own ideals.
sometimes an editor in rejecting a contribution will suggest some publication to which it might be acceptable.
another carriage having already gone from here to-day, it might awaken suspicion.
the ruler of the district was therefore the democratic boss, a little irishman named mike scully.
his manner to me, alone, would have won her.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
i wish it were otherwise, for i should be happy to meet your views in any respect.
youth is haunted by misgivings, by hesitancies, by a persistent idea that, if only we dislike a thing enough, there must be some merit in our disliking it.
she would have lived with her god-mother, and we should have been devoted to one another.
it was old london bridge in those days, and at certain states of the tide there was a race and fall of water there which gave it a bad reputation.
together we lament the ruins when a lordly castle falls.
their one chance for life was in union, and so the struggle became a kind of crusade.
i might have been an unfortunate little bull in a spanish arena, i got so smartingly touched up by these moral goads.
to-day the pullman company has more than six thousand cars in constant use.
they must have a better place of some sort soon--jurgis said it with all the assurance of a man who had just made a dollar and fifty-seven cents in a single day.
for clear white glass, called flint glass, no color is added.
squirrels and wild mice disputed for my store of nuts.
max has given up his pipe for cigarettes (unmonogramed), and patronizes a good tailor for business reasons.
have no apprehensions for me, trotwood, she added, after a moment; the step you dread my taking, i shall never take.
it is thus the ambition of the familiar essayist to speak wisdom albeit debonairly, to be thought-provoking without heaviness, and helpful without didacticism.
but i had never seen american troops, and i was anxious to see how they behaved.
you have seen the worst of her agitation.
this same summer the pond has begun to fall again.
i never think of cooking less than two days' supply of beans, and as for soup, that is made up in quantity sufficient to last a week.
at the last moment i remember charles i and all the other monarchs who have come to a bad end; i change my mind, and walk out without completing the transaction.
i posted it, and had nothing to do then, but wait, as patiently as i could, for the reply.
i tell you, said jerry, that you buried paving-stones and earth in that there coffin.
in order to test all phases of a given subject from this point of view, a writer needs to keep in mind the fundamental sources of satisfaction.
because he finds that the average uncritical reader not only accepts commonplace work but is apparently attracted by meretricious devices in writing, he may conclude that high literary standards are not essential to popular success.
whether this is the case or not, i do not profess to know.
if they still go forward, he goes forward also and repeats his observations till the tree is found or till the bees turn and come back upon the trail.
if i have gone a little beyond what you were prepared for, i can go back, i suppose?
zeno's arguments, in some form, have afforded grounds for almost all the theories of space and time and infinity which have been constructed from his day to our own.
i buy thirty pounds of waxed paper, twenty-four by thirty-six inches, and have the paper house cut it in two.
there was no hesitation now about making clearances for her.
but the principal offences of the kind are such as it is mostly impossible, unless by accidental self-betrayal, to bring home to conviction.
said peggotty; very fond of him for it, if she thought so.
instead, we have flowering before us the idea that the world is to be made safe for democracy.
where the call is for individuality in the product of the legal mill, we resort to standards.
with these words he put the money in his pocket, and kindly told me not to make myself uneasy; he would take care it should be all right.
the analysis of knowledge will occupy us until the end of the thirteenth lecture, and is the most difficult part of our whole enterprise.
he forgets nothing that is disinterested and good.
wait a bit, master davy, and ill--ill tell you something.
some of the children are comparatively bright scholars, while the attempt to teach others seems a hopeless task.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
but so long as this remains constant, the particular description involved usually makes no difference to the truth or falsehood of the proposition in which the name appears.
he became as suddenly grave again, and leaning forward as before, said--first respectfully taking out his pocket-handkerchief, as if it really did represent my aunt: most wonderful woman in the world, trotwood.
amost as bleak tonight, as art could wish!
facts and figures from publications may be copied for future use.
i hope one remote cause of its firing may have been my consciousness that if i had known his errand, i should have given him more encouragement.
but, now i know this fellows answerable for it, and ill have it!
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
from such things as feet, knuckles, hide clippings, and sinews came such strange and unlikely products as gelatin, isinglass, and phosphorus, bone black, shoe blacking, and bone oil.
the staircase was short, and they were soon at the top.
his affairs, like the affairs of many other french gentlemen and french families, were entirely in tellson's hands.
now, the hulks has got its gentleman again, through me.
but she had not said no, and that i made the most of.
when you come to literature and the arts, however, you find a difficult task.
the blue jay has mentioned it in the course of his voluble recollections.
she and her maid looked everywhere, as they thought, but failed to find it.
the career of mr. bryce as british ambassador to the united states.
for all that, he brightened; and had an evident pleasure in hearing us recall the little incidents of our old life, many of which he remembered very well.
was a soldier in the line and bought his discharge.
and he divided a bow between me and traddles, with a glance at the latter.
thus far in our inquiry extraordinary merits have been offset by extraordinary defects.
i heard of the place through a classmate whose family owned a cottage down there.
this imperfect list is eloquent in its way; it smooths our path to the assertion that o. henry's specialty is the enlistment of original method in the service of traditional appeals.
it is true, english equity, under the influence of the equivalent theory, did lay down in the nineteenth century that a contract under seal with no common-law consideration behind it would not be enforced.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
would you let me fetch another pat of butter, maam?
yet we esteem ourselves wise, and have an established order on the surface.
in the rush of rapid writing, the importance of care in the choice of words and in the arrangement of phrases and clauses is easily forgotten.
with those words, he retired, kissing his great hand, and leering at us like a mask.
it was within half an hour or so of the time of closing.
a dozen of us dropped out of the ranks and dragged ourselves over the threshold.
greater prominence may be gained for each question by giving it a separate paragraph.
it follows that the demand for equality in the division of the soil and in other forms of wealth is superficial.
there is no exclusive cause of the current american attitude toward the law.
we start from a body of common knowledge, which constitutes our data.
as i have told you before, i am the mere agent.
this is obvious in all our previous instances: we infer the unperceived lightning from the thunder, not in virtue of any peculiarity of the thunder, but in virtue of its resemblance to other claps of thunder.
no; the great magician who majestically works out the appointed order of the creator, never reverses his transformations.
finally upon the runners is built up the body of the cradle itself.
little emily was sitting by the fire, with her hands before her face.
that fountain suggested the paris fountain, the little bundle lying on the step, the women bending over it, and the tall man with his arms up, crying, dead!
the chaise soon came round to the front of the shop, and the baskets being put in first, i was put in next, and those three followed.
then the party went across the street to where they did the killing of beef--where every hour they turned four or five hundred cattle into meat.
all citizens love examples quoted their country, because they know that this freedom was earned by men who gave their lives for it.
the prisoner obeyed, and a guard of two armed patriots attended them.
in that case there is a large mnemic element in all the common perceptions by means of which we handle common objects.
she never spoke a word to me but what was pleasant and right.
sometimes, said jurgis, but i'll do it out of doors.
i do not myself believe that the analysis of knowledge can be effected entirely by means of purely external observation, such as behaviourists employ.
reaching over, he took the two bills and pocketed them, leaving the half-dollar.
but unwilling to hazard the responsibility, she let me in, and presently brought the sharp message that i was to come up.
father and me was both brought up at a foundation school for boys; and mother, she was likewise brought up at a public, sort of charitable, establishment.
the gentleman, the lord, the king, all discharging social functions of which the laborer is incapable, are products as artificial as queen bees.
and now i ask you what you say to the conscience of that man who, with that passage before his eyes, can lay his head upon his pillow after having pronounced a fellow-creature guilty, unheard?
the particular uniformities which we mentioned before, such as lightning being followed by thunder, are not found to be free from exceptions.
i could think of the past now, gravely, but not bitterly; and could contemplate the future in a brave spirit.
in spain, italy, flanders, the austrian empire, protestantism was rooted out; and, most likely, would have been so in england, had queen mary lived, or queen elizabeth died.
it runs as light as a feather, and tracks as true as a mail-coach.
but one must be careful not to have too hot a fire.
repeated biddy, striking in, with a momentary flush upon her face.
it would be quite as true to say that it seeks to find in the law of the time and place a permanent or enduring picture of universal law.
i hardly know which is myself and which the butcher, we are always in such a tangle and tussle, knocking about upon the trodden grass.
beggar him, said miss havisham to estella.
nutting had a famous fox-hound named burgoyne,he pronounced it bugine,which my informant used to borrow.
the system may be abominable, but it has certainly fastened itself on us--sternly and securely.
and the fire which is called the dawn of the great rebirth, was the script fire where all the scripts of the evil ones were burned, and with them all the words of the evil ones.
the system of organized kindreds gradually breaks down.
a great proportion of architectural ornaments are literally hollow, and a september gale would strip them off, like borrowed plumes, without injury to the substantials.
how delightful to see it, and to be made the sharers in their honest joy, as we have been!
dodd was one whom johnson had befriended in adversity; and it had always been agreed that dodd in his pulpit was very emotional.
quietly and steadily have all these arrangements made in the courtyard here, even to the taking of your own seat in the carriage.
bergson, quoting fabre, has made play with the supposed extraordinary accuracy of the solitary wasp ammophila, which lays its eggs in a caterpillar.
this manner, which is especially necessary in passages dealing with character, will lend to his work the grave dignity that is requisite for translation into latin prose, that supreme test of an historian's style.
do not allow a trivial misunderstanding to wither the blossoms of spring, which, once put forth and blighted, cannot be renewed.
i entreated agnes not to regard this as a thoughtless passion which could ever yield to any other, or had the least resemblance to the boyish fancies that we used to joke about.
in other words, he gave two imaginary instances to illustrate the manner in which bloodhounds are able to follow a trail.
he went to the headmaster immediately and after closing the door told him what had happened.
that is to say, they proved that a certain colour will exist, in a certain light, if a normal eye is placed at a certain point relatively to the table.
and now shall we leave him in the hands of his enemies--shall we allow them to stifle and stultify his example?
the complete control of impulse by will, which is sometimes preached by moralists, and often enforced by economic necessity, is not really desirable.
now let me hear some more about the crorkindills, said peggotty, who was not quite right in the name yet, for i ant heard half enough.
i wish you would enter on it now, as far as a few friendly words go, with me.
there we found, sitting by a fire, a very old man in a flannel coat: clean, cheerful, comfortable, and well cared for, but intensely deaf.
i have remembered who wept for a parting between the living and the dead.
as to bowing down in body and spirit, nothing in that way was left for heaven--which may have been one among other reasons why the worshippers of monseigneur never troubled it.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
mr. spiker raised his eyebrows, and looked much concerned.
as soon as he arrived in paris he would present himself to this old friend, but he must say nothing of his intention now.
when i loved her--even then, my love would have been incomplete, without your sympathy.
the particular laws are as our points of view, as, to the traveller, a mountain outline varies with every step, and it has an infinite number of profiles, though absolutely but one form.
an incidental allusion, purposely thrown out, to the day of the week, and the day of the month, set him thinking and counting, and evidently made him uneasy.
when the villagers were lighting their fires beyond the horizon, i too gave notice to the various wild inhabitants of walden vale, by a smoky streamer from my chimney, that i was awake.
whether we should remain at the house until near the steamers time, which would be about one in the afternoon, or whether we should put off early in the morning, was the question we discussed.
the objection thus raised is one which i have no wish to underrate, but i believe it can be fully answered without departing from the methods and the outlook which have led to the mathematical theory of motion.
their authors are a natural and irresistible aristocracy in every society, and, more than kings or emperors, exert an influence on mankind.
nothing seemed to have survived that time but agnes; and she, ever a star above me, was brighter and higher.
so there was nothing to be done but to trust it to the women, with szedvilas, who promised to go with them.
they felt as if it were not right to lay him down in the same quiet room.
again, his statement of the law of causation is inadequate.
this, though less emphasized, is, i think, an objection which is really more strongly felt than the objection of privacy.
that night the mosquito man telephoned to a drainage expert in new york and demanded that he come out the next day.
he had brought witnesses-- they will probably not be necessary, observed the judge and he turned to jurgis.
pioneers in many ventures, the american people had added another honor to their record.
exactly how this is to be done, i do not yet know, but it seems fairly certain that it can be done.
the one they had seen held the sway in their thoughts; whenever they thought of themselves in a house, it was this house that they thought of.
you are largely at the mercy of your second or third or tenth-hand sources when you write of historical characters.
like monsieur manette, your father, the gentleman was of repute in paris.
i observed, upon that closer opportunity of observation, that she was worn and haggard, and that her sunken eyes expressed privation and endurance.
but the facts found were found in order to reach the result and are by no means necessarily the facts of the actual case.
but how did you know--who told you i was here?
we are stimulated by the odds against our finding the tree.
an impulse, to one who does not share it actually or imaginatively, will always seem to be mad.
romance and adventure, humor and pathos, may well be handled in interview form.
this, he thinks, involves the conclusion that half a given time is equal to double the time.
the following illustration shows in brief space the attempt to link a movement in literature to the times in which it appeared, to show that it is naturally a product of the general feeling of the times.
i felt the truth and constancy of my dear old nurse, with all my heart, and thanked her as well as i could.
here they searched jurgis, leaving him only his money, which consisted of fifteen cents.
we left the room, in compliance with this request.
he sees the soldiers, with their red coats lighted up by the torches carried afore, closing in round him.
who else could compare my brothers baby with your boy?
jurgis turned over in his bed, and was snoring again before the two had closed the door.
i do not see how he can ever die; nature cannot spare him.
in a week jurgis got over his sense of helplessness and bewilderment in the rail mill.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
for this reason, and especially since distinguished expression is so difficult to form, to be released from the attendant worry of constructive thinking is of the greatest help to the writer.
often this method is the most helpful for a reader, since it gives him at once a nucleus of theory round which he can group the details with immediate or rapid understanding of their relations and significance.
one chief condition of my enjoyment was the weather.
the house itself, magnificently reading the paper quite in the far-off perspective, lowered displeased, as if the stryver head had been butted into its responsible waistcoat.
after that i fell among those thieves, the nine figures, who seemed every evening to do something new to disguise themselves and baffle recognition.
be careful, moreover, in making the structure of your total criticism, especially in criticism by standards, that you do not make the form of your work seem mechanical and wooden.
the next moment he was on top of him, burying his fingers in his throat.
then he surrendered and started toward the door.
it was the instinct of self-preservation, as well as the spirit of business adventure, which kept him constantly seeking for larger markets, improved methods, or for some peculiar means of getting ahead of his competitors.
he began by assimilating fully his own weight in danes, while remaining an english freeman.
he had come back, to save a citizen's life, and to bear his testimony, at whatever personal hazard, to the truth.
a bitter sleet came rattling against us here on the east wind, and joe took me on his back.
i want to know how you are to be kept out of danger, how long you are going to stay, what projects you have.
on this point, the argument against introspection must be rejected.
i wonder you shouldnt have been sure of that, i returned, for we heard it up at home, and thats farther away, and we were shut in besides.
any slower motion must be one which has intervals of rest interspersed, and any faster motion must wholly omit some points.
what, said mr. cruncher, varying his apostrophe after missing his mark--what are you up to, aggerawayter?
old tiffey, for the first time in his life i should think, was sitting on somebody elses stool, and had not hung up his hat.
with every special class of mental phenomena this possibility meets us afresh.
the cobblers been, he said, since youve been out, mr. mell, and he says he cant mend em any more.
if you have any opportunity of sending letters home, on your passage, mrs. micawber, said my aunt, you must let us hear from you, you know.
this applies with great force to man, so much so that some have thought instinct less important in the life of man than in that of animals.
that nephew, i believe, i have now the pleasure of--punch again.
and the nearest i can come to my ideal is punctiliously to pay my bills, be polite to my wife, and contribute to deserving charities: and the program does not seem, somehow, quite adequate.
it is noble in you to tell me that you have other causes of unhappiness.
for these sufficient reasons i resolve to fight the butcher.
it is not insignificant that emerson was the descendant of a long line of new england clergymen.
these arguments, however, do not apply to sensation.
he soon came back to say that there were none (at which i was much surprised) and began to lay the cloth for my dinner in a box by the fire.
it made me sick at heart to see, and my hand recoils from writing it.
mr. micawber walked so erect before his fellow man, on the strength of this virtuous action, that his chest looked half as broad again when he lighted us downstairs.
my indian name means 'one-who-does-things-well.'
now, do understand that i am entirely at your service.
that might not be so long as the marquis supposed.
a man cannot go about in midwinter in chicago with no overcoat and not pay for it, and jurgis had to walk or ride five or six miles back and forth to his work.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
what makes this sand foliage remarkable is its springing into existence thus suddenly.
will you promise not to press one question on me, if i beg you not to ask it?
for the sake of simplicity, we may ignore the cases in which sensations in their own right form part of the content of a belief, and confine ourselves to images and words.
there is a curse on it, and on all this land.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
many of the villages of mesopotamia are built of second-hand bricks of a very good quality, obtained from the ruins of babylon, and the cement on them is older and probably harder still.
here is a long passage--what an enormous perspective i make of it!--leading from peggottys kitchen to the front door.
for the first time in many years, he had no strong drink.
this was the first time he had taken his leg from the chair.
i then rejoined mr. wemmick, and affecting to consult my watch, and to be surprised by the information i had received, accepted his offer.
but access to him, said mr. lorry, if it should go ill before the tribunal, will not save him.
but to our indiffrent, nothing is so vulgar as close suction.
is it not possible to take a step further towards recognizing and organizing the rights of man?
by this process of elimination, the cost of the school became the sixth division, to be followed by the summary conclusion.
times when we are bored or suffering pain pass slowly, times when we are agreeably occupied pass quickly, and times when we are sleeping pass almost as if they did not exist.
i do not say that i am an expert yet, but after a few more meetings i calculate that i shall know drawing as well as it can be known.
but it always went before me, and i followed.
we went to my aunts house rather than to mine, because of doras not being well.
what, asks the prophet, is the murder of them that kill the body, to the murder of them that kill the soul?
that is, they were known by description.
do you ask me for my advice, mr. stryver?
as he passed behind the counter, he took notice that the elderly gentleman said in a look to the young lady, this is our man.
to see her lay the flowers against her little dimpled chin, was to lose all presence of mind and power of language in a feeble ecstasy.
i cut the feet off at the knee joint and slip the drumstick through this slit.
they persisted in withdrawing for the specified time.
yet the room was all in all to me, estella being in it.
take for instance the case of an offer, which a reasonable man would understand in a given way, accepted by the offeree in that understanding when the offerer really meant something else.
if ever there was a vocation that seemed specially adapted to many women, gardening would at first glance be the one.
many readers find special feature stories with real persons, real places, and real circumstances, more entertaining than fiction.
as to any sense of inequality, or youthfulness, or other difficulty in our way, little emly and i had no such trouble, because we had no future.
there is a band composed of patients that gives a concert once a week, and there are theatricals and dancing, with occasional lectures by visiting celebrities.
he claims the satisfaction of expectations created by promises and agreements.
if this were not obvious, it could be made plain by an argument.
we have to keep a daily record of our work.
for example, we thus judge a tennis court as to its firm footing, its softness, its retention of court lines, its position as regards the sun.
he had heard of monseigneur, at the posting-houses, as being before him.
defarge glanced darkly at him for answer, and walked on in a steady and set silence.
any strongly marked expression of face on the part of a chief actor in a scene of great interest to whom many eyes are directed, will be unconsciously imitated by the spectators.
who denounced in unmeasured terms the exploiters of his own time: 'woe unto you, scribes and pharisees, hypocrites!'
but entities subject only to physical laws, or only to psychological laws, are not neutral, and may be called respectively purely material and purely mental.
so she put all that sort of sentiment, once and for ever, in a grave, and filled it up, and flattened it down.
then he must be constantly set free again, and taken out of execution, said my aunt.
we may hope, in a mystic illumination, to see the ideas as we see objects of sense; and we may imagine that the ideas exist in heaven.
and you, master--i should say, mister copperfield, pursued uriah.
i am not usually afraid of any man or thing.
i then found that wemmick was the clerk in the next room.
it is impossible to say how much the limits may be enlarged with the progress of science.
it is not difficult to see how valuable the mono-rail would have been in such an emergency as the last sudan war, when the army dragged a line of railway with it down toward omdurman.
i have tried to learn, sir, but i cant learn while you and miss murdstone are by.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
standing at my door, i could hear the rush of their wings; when, driving toward my house, they suddenly spied my light, and with hushed clamor wheeled and settled in the pond.
at length she suddenly burst into tears, and said: he was a fine-looking man when i married him, trot--and he was sadly changed!
turn me in some other direction before i go.
as one of the soldiers, who carried a basket in lieu of a gun, went down on his knee to open it, my convict looked round him for the first time, and saw me.
thus this sort of self-evidence is an absolute guarantee of truth.
you have heard the counting-house mentioned sometimes, said mr. murdstone.
a man may grow rich in turkey even, if he will be in all respects a good subject of the turkish government.
this degree of submission to power is not only just and right: it is the very gate of wisdom.
only the glass box in our arms is like a living heart that gives us strength.
the reverence that i had for his grey head, was mingled with commiseration for his faith in those who were treacherous to him, and with resentment against those who injured him.
old orlick growled, as if he had nothing to say about that, and we all went on together.
soon i began to feel more than a mere consumer's interest--a producer's interest--in carl's work.
suddenly, she cries, in a terrible voice, rosa, come to me.
from a hill-top you can see a fish leap in almost any part; for not a pickerel or shiner picks an insect from this smooth surface but it manifestly disturbs the equilibrium of the whole lake.
moreover genuine interpretation and lawmaking under the guise of interpretation run into one another.
then, they moved away on their hands and knees.
this question is not to be answered by an argument which starts from past futures alone.
he gave her a look, half in remonstrance, half in approval, and went on: i suppose you know, david, that i am not rich.
it is the strangest thing, said mr. wopsle, drifting into his lost look again; and yet i could swear to him.
why not put my house, my parlor, behind this plot, instead of behind that meager assemblage of curiosities, that poor apology for a nature and art, which i call my front yard?
& that no flours be planted on my grave.
neither could the prohibition be censured as religious persecution.
but i confess i entertained another impression.
neither of the vessels carried much sail.
a quarter seems to be the standard pullman tip--for one person, each night he may be on the car.
the private world of instinctive interests is a small one, set in the midst of a great and powerful world which must, sooner or later, lay our private world in ruins.
i am a good deal troubled when i think of the sins of my former companions, sir; but i trust they may find forgiveness.
the essence of sensation, according to the view i am advocating, is its independence of past experience.
with these fears upon me, i began either to imagine or recall that i had had mysterious warnings of this mans approach.
at least some of them were not forgetting it, for as they filed out the wistful little boy was still talking about it.
the government promised to pay amply for all it took from us, our homes and lands, cattle--even furniture.
she sat as one turned to stone, her hands clenched tightly in her lap, so tightly that he could see the cords standing out in her wrists.
whether it was the following sunday when i saw the gentleman again, or whether there was any greater lapse of time before he reappeared, i cannot recall.
i remember in the early days of motor-cars being with a friend when a tyre burst with a loud report.
quinion, said mr. murdstone, take care, if you please.
exclaimed the young fellow, still smiling sweetly, thass too bad!
j. m.) d., j. m. and j. took airing in carriage.
if the extra weight is small enough, no difference will be perceived in the sensation.
let us therefore, to begin with, admit points and instants, and consider the problems in connection with this simpler or at least more familiar hypothesis.
i see him as he sits there listening to the great doctor's pronouncement on atterbury and those others.
i was always being disappointed, for i got none.
over them, relentless and savage, there cracked the lash of want; the morning after the wedding it sought them as they slept, and drove them out before daybreak to work.
you are too young to have been at school with mr. henry spiker?
it remains to be proved that society or any of its officers holds a commission from on high to avenge any supposed offence to omnipotence, which is not also a wrong to our fellow-creatures.
the difference comes from federal, state and county appropriations.
the job lady is often able to convince even the sitters that school is, after all, the best place for boys and girls under sixteen.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
the man who finds pleasure in such a theory of knowledge is like the man who never leaves the domestic circle for fear his word might not be law.
probably in dogs it exceeds anything to be found in human beings.
later, when juristic study seeks to put the materials of the law in order, a third element develops, which may be called legal conceptions.
it thundered at the town, and thundered at the cliffs, and brought the coast down, madly.
peggotty is ready to go to church, intending to behold the ceremony from the gallery.
littimer is a greater fool than i thought him, to have been inquiring for me at all, said steerforth, jovially pouring out a glass of wine, and drinking to me.
centralization perhaps the greatest lack in expositions of this type is centralization.
the superintendent was busy, he said, but he (the timekeeper) would try to find jurgis a job.
if you have any enterprise before you, try it in your old clothes.
the question came up one day, when discussing the grooves left on the nails after fever, how long it took for the nail to grow out, from root to edge.
it is certainly very cold, said peggotty.
the principle of the steel construction of sky scrapers.
it has no reference to her health, sir, i replied.
in the case of a just visible star or a just audible sound--without becoming images, and that therefore mere faintness cannot be the characteristic mark of images.
it is a hydraulic cartridge, or an apparatus that works on the principle of the hydraulic jack.
i believe, said mr. lorry, rather halting in his reassuring words, as the stony manner of all the three impressed itself upon him more and more, i state the case, citizen defarge?
in the empirical case, the evidence consists in the particular instances.
nothings genuine in the place, in my opinion, but the dirt.
thus there is more logical affinity between a word and what it means in the case of words of our present sort than in any other case.
and we wonder how it came to pass that these secrets were lost to the world.
because, lookee here, dear boy, he said, dropping his voice, and laying a long finger on my breast in an impressive manner, caution is necessary.
can there be any possible interest in a carpet layer?
the objective reference of a proposition is a function (in the mathematical sense) of the meanings of its component words.
what is apparently the same cause, if repeated, is modified by the mere fact of repetition, and cannot produce the same effect.
our statistics are at fault: the population has been returned too large.
still, it was freshly painted, and made a considerable show.
she prayed him to forgive her, before my agnes came into this world.
dwell upon that, for she would lay her own fair head beside her husband's cheerfully.
at certain timesmeaning at uncertain times, for they depended on our humori would say to herbert, as if it were a remarkable discovery, my dear herbert, we are getting on badly.
the best paid men, the splitters, made fifty cents an hour, which would be five or six dollars a day in the rush seasons, and one or two in the dullest.
what could i do, but kiss away her tears, and tell her how i doted on her, after that!
i had not advanced another two hundred yards when, to my inexpressible terror, amazement, and indignation, i again beheld trabbs boy approaching.
the causal laws which our arguments would assume could be verified by the future occurrence of events inferred by means of them.
katarina suddenly drew back her flaming face.
they are the means whereby we make our experience of that world intelligible and available.
then do not browbeat your reader into accepting this attitude.
at the sound of a gong a thousand hammers fall as one, and a thousand wedges begin to raise the ship with the cradle on it.
the staff were obviously gratified when i told them about donkelsdorp.
i noticed, too, that several rings and seals hung at his watch-chain, as if he were quite laden with remembrances of departed friends.
the attractiveness of titles may be heightened by such combinations of sounds as alliteration and rhyme, or by rhythm such as is produced by balanced elements.
closely similar to this method is that of dividing your material under the headings of the ways in which your hero affected his times, the ways in which he was known.
i am terribly dejected for about a week or two.
this penalty of being jiggered was a favorite supposititious case of his.
where does he find the satisfaction for his energy that searches an outlet?
strewn about here and there are traces of a white, powdery substance which seems to have been tracked down from a platform erected on the roof.
she was introduced as miss dartle, and both steerforth and his mother called her rosa.
next rolls thomaston lime, a prime lot, which will get far among the hills before it gets slacked.
we were both very much surprised, coming higher up, to find my outer door standing open (which i had shut) and to hear voices inside.
the more such inferences are examined, the more precarious they are seen to be.
we think he supposed his tormentors were winged insects, for he sought refuge in dark clothes-closets where a flying imp wouldn't logically come.
in effect, madame struck in, looking up from her work and her little song, we never hear about them.
the bridge was a plank, and it crossed a chasm about four feet wide and two deep.
yes, they had bought the house, they had really bought it.
he was at a loss how to answer, until he remembered having spoken of a condition.
state parlors--looee cans--looee sez--chairs cost three thousand apiece.
peas so late!for i continued to plant when others had begun to hoe,the ministerial husbandman had not suspected it.
he threw me into the greatest confusion by laughing heartily and replying in a very sprightly manner, no, to be sure; youre right.
there are obstacles to be met, and we must meet, and crush them!
he looked first for ona; then, not seeing her, he stared at the women, expecting them to speak.
there was an air of utter loneliness upon her, that would have moved me to pity though she had wilfully done me a deeper injury than i could charge her with.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
as to his liver, said the old soldier resignedly, that, of course, he gave up altogether, when he first went out!
if, in order to understand one point, another is necessary, or to avoid irritation, a roundabout method is advisable, the path is plain.
no sooner had he come to the fringe of the meadow than the dragon spied him and began to charge.
the family had moved; they had not been able to pay the rent and they had been turned out into the snow, and the house had been repainted and sold again the next week.
i picture my small self in the dimly-lighted rooms, sitting with my head upon my hand, listening to the doleful performance of mr. mell, and conning tomorrows lessons.
think of plato, or dante, or tolstoy, or a blue book for such an occasion!
emly, with her arms around her neck, kneeled by her, looking up most earnestly into her face.
he has had help in money and men from the british government, which likewise placed the torpedo factory at his disposal; and the governments of india and--of all places--kashmir have granted him subsidies.
if his sweet-tempered wife could have got up any self-assertion against anyone, i am satisfied it could only have been because she was the beautys sister.
we should all be where we were the night before.
for we do not like to read unpleasant things.
this article is based on the writer's own experience in a large middle western state university, and the statistics have been obtained from the registrars of four state universities.
the wildest dreams of wild men, even, are not the less true, though they may not recommend themselves to the sense which is most common among englishmen and americans to-day.
sue is a good deal harder to take care of than johnny.
it forces our minds out of the fogginess of vague thinking, it makes us see things sharply, it guides us away from the taint of superficiality, it makes a solid base for our opinions.
is enough given in each case to make sufficient knowledge on the reader's part?
mosses, whereon march in coming treads first, show one hue brighter in the swamps.
we articled clerks, as germs of the patrician order of proctors, were treated with so much consideration, that i was almost my own master at all times.
we will not be shipwrecked on a vain reality.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
pockets handkerchief, and said, if that dont make six times youve dropped it, mum!
avoid those three vices, trot, and i can always be hopeful of you.
another publication to which his article is equally well adapted, he may find from his manuscript record, accepts or rejects contributions within a week or ten days.
it showed at once that numerical measurement of lengths, if it was to be made accurate, must require an arithmetic more advanced and more difficult than any that the ancients possessed.
in spite of himself, he appeared abashed by my aunts indignant tears, and came slouching out of the garden.
said ham, tapping her gently on the shoulder.
he was a man of about sixty, handsomely dressed, haughty in manner, and with a face like a fine mask.
these preparations happily completed, i bought a little dessert in covent garden market, and gave a rather extensive order at a retail wine-merchants in that vicinity.
the content is different in the two cases, but its objective reference is the same.
at length, i lost that feeble hold upon reality, and was engaged with two dear friends, but who they were i dont know, at the siege of some town in a roar of cannonading.
now, i come to the cruel part of the story,merely breaking off, my dear handel, to remark that a dinner-napkin will not go into a tumbler.
but i didnt like to tell you, says dora, then, how i had cried over them, because i believed you really liked me!
there are, if i am not mistaken, at least three different kinds of belief-feeling, which we may call respectively memory, expectation and bare assent.
cried ham, interposing himself before the door.
in one way or another, if our life is to be great and free, we must escape this prison and this strife.
when there was no proof of attachment and affection that she would not have given him.
locke having maintained that he could form an idea of triangle in general, without deciding what sort of triangle it was to be, berkeley contended that this was impossible.
it can never quite reach certainty, because we know that in spite of frequent repetitions there sometimes is a failure at the last, as in the case of the chicken whose neck is wrung.
i touched it so softly that i was not heard, and looked in unseen.
i have been adopted by an aunt down in that part of the country, and have just finished my education there.
for one thing, there was the economic crisis, the million or two of men who had been out of work in the spring and summer, and were not yet all back, by any means.
so far as accuracy and sensitiveness of response alone are concerned, there would be nothing to choose between these two persons.
you would think that you could walk dry under it to the opposite hills, and that the swallows which skim over might perch on it.
the pure walden water is mingled with the sacred water of the ganges.
can i separate my father's twin-brother, joint inheritor, and next successor, from himself?
well then, when you tumbled upstairs, said traddles, i was romping with the girls.
the builders had made it of boards of varying sizes, the rafters were rough and splintery and there were myriads of nails sticking through everywhere.
they have the same sort of worth only as horses and dogs.
no one but my husband can judge of that, mama, said annie without removing her eyes from his face, and he will hear me.
there was an instant of silence, while men caught their breaths, and then like a single sound there came a cry from a thousand people.
from being irresolute and purposeless, his feet became animated by an intention, and, in the working out of that intention, they took him to the doctor's door.
i prefer not to anticipate my communication here; you will impart as much or as little of it as you please to your friends afterwards; i have nothing to do with that.
'you know, doctor, that it is among the rights of these nobles to harness us common dogs to carts, and drive us.
of all the days of my life, i never saw him.
they stood straight all of a sudden and they answered: rather would we die.
so, said estella, i must be taken as i have been made.
it was a very lame pretence on both sides; the lamer, because we both went into the coffee-room, where he had just finished his breakfast, and where i ordered mine.
but it was not vanity; it was only harmless delight in my admiration.
you boast of spending a tenth part of your income in charity; maybe you should spend the nine tenths so, and done with it.
this is him, said pumblechook, as i have rode in my shay-cart.
they did this by applying a new but known technique to the old materials.
the time-order, within certain limits, is as much given as the events.
it was a green spot, on a hill, carpeted with soft turf.
the state might say that it had taken a year to write the book, and the author might say it had taken thirty.
she took it up, and we went through more passages and up a staircase, and still it was all dark, and only the candle lighted us.
it was at first intended that he should be scottish, and i was then filled with fears that he might prove only the degraded shadow of my own alan breck.
it does not occur to them to have any inclination, except for what is customary.
no doubt they can ride at last who shall have earned their fare, that is, if they survive so long, but they will probably have lost their elasticity and desire to travel by that time.
and now was one to believe that there was nowhere a god of hogs, to whom this hog personality was precious, to whom these hog squeals and agonies had a meaning?
on the other hand, there are those feed-specializing, accurate-to-the-ten-thousandth-part-of-an-inch experts, who say that the dry-picked chicken keeps better than the scalded one.
in a flash he had thought over the situation.
there were printed bills on the gate and on bits of carpet hanging out of the windows, announcing a sale by auction of the household furniture and effects, next week.
oh yes, i catch a mess now and then when i am lying by; good perch i catch.
the definition of truth as the correspondence between beliefs and facts seems peculiarly evident in the case of memory, as against not only the pragmatist definition but also the idealist definition by means of coherence.
this made such a very miserable piece of business of it, that i rolled myself up in a corner of the counterpane, and cried myself to sleep.
i stammered; for i felt i was on dangerous ground.
best of all, the famous and eloquent senator spareshanks, presidential candidate, rode out in an automobile to discuss the sacred privileges of american citizenship, and protection and prosperity for the american workingman.
he had shown strong internal agitation when he was questioned, and that pondering or brooding look which made him old, had been upon him, like a heavy cloud, ever since.
writers who unconsciously tend to use sentences of about the same length and of the same construction, need to beware of this uniformity.
you want room for your thoughts to get into sailing trim and run a course or two before they make their port.
we never knew a person, she wrote; but to think that miss betsey should seem to be so different from what she had been thought to be, was a moral!--that was her word.
many topics that at first glance seem quite unrelated to current activities are found on closer examination to have some aspects that may be brought into connection with timely interests.
and yet, if you had a discriminating ear, there were in it the elements of a concord such as these plains never saw nor heard.
these i steeped in hot water, and so from the whole of these appliances extracted one cup of i dont know what for estella.
gravely, handel, for the subject is grave enough, you know how it is as well as i do.
i tell you, clara, said mr. murdstone, i have been often flogged myself.
the hollow among the hills will always have a bit of mist about it, let the sky be clear as it may.
and a quaker flying a kite is a much more ridiculous object than anybody else.
they lodged men and women on the same floor; and with the night there began a saturnalia of debauchery--scenes such as never before had been witnessed in america.
the lard was finished on the floor above, and it came in little jets, like beautiful, wriggling, snow-white snakes of unpleasant odor.
then, all the good you bring to him, all the relief, all the happiness you bring to him, begin.
as there was a loft above, i called, is there any one here?
thus, under the name of order and civil government, we are all made at last to pay homage to and support our own meanness.
wouldn't you rather they worked her nine hours a day instead o' ten--such a soft little kid with such a lot o' growin' to do?
thank you, miss havisham; i have not the least objection to receiving it from him.
long unused to any self-control, the piercing agony of her remorse and grief was terrible.
with the rising and falling of the blaze, the stone faces showed as if they were in torment.
i addressed myself to one of the two warders, who, i suspected from certain latent indications in their faces, knew pretty well what all this stir was worth.
i have a great many defects, i know, and its very good of you, edward, with your strength of mind, to endeavour to correct them for me.
a frightened murmur was the only reply that reached my ears.
a few minutes brought them to mr. lorry's destination.
annie, dont be absurd, returned her mother.
not the ghost of one, replied miss mowcher.
i must not leave it to be supposed that we were ever a great house, or that we made mints of money.
some real or fancied sound, some clink upon the river or breathing of beast upon the marsh, now gave him a start, and he said, suddenly, youre not a deceiving imp?
too indifferent at first, even to look round and ascertain who supported me, i was lying looking at the ladder, when there came between me and it a face.
you wouldnt wish to make unpleasantness.
i have never seen two men look more oddly at one another than mr. jaggers and wemmick did after this apostrophe.
we shall deliver this creature to the world council itself and let their will be done.
my thoughts were further distracted by the excessive pride of mr. and mrs. hubble, who were surpassingly conceited and vainglorious in being members of so distinguished a procession.
he says there aint a bit of the original boot left, and he wonders you expect it.
in this last lecture i propose to pass in review various suggested methods of distinguishing mind from matter.
and then, when i have eaten and drunk with you, go with me as far as the finger-post, dear joe and biddy, before we say good-bye!
then she went on softly playing, but without removing her eyes from me.
after half an hours cooling in the churchyard, i saw the chariot coming back.
i find my breath gets short, but it seldom gets longer as a man gets older.
is there any one forgotten thing afore we parts?
thus whatever self-evident truths may be obtained from our senses must be different from the sense-data from which they are obtained.
somebody forgot how a particular tune went, and nobody but sophy could hum that tune right.
they were both so overjoyed to see me, so proud to see me, so touched by my coming to them, so delighted that i should have come by accident to make their day complete!
and so we were married, said my mother simply.
then, too, the warm weather brought trials of its own; each season had its trials, as they found.
after which, joe withdrew to the window, and stood with his back towards me, wiping his eyes.
look over your hand carefully, mr. barsad.
it is strange to know no more about either, and particularly you, than i was able to tell last night.
a feeling of alarm stole over him as he stared at her.
there was an ease in his manner--a gay and light manner it was, but not swaggering--which i still believe to have borne a kind of enchantment with it.
we came to know that we had found the greatest power on earth.
but in strict theory the two are quite different, since the denial introduces an element of unverifiable dogma which is wholly absent when we merely refrain from the assertion.
biddys first triumph in her new office, was to solve a difficulty that had completely vanquished me.
is there--tell me thou--is there no other place to write such words in?
the chin is a still larger drop, the confluent dripping of the face.
at last, we know not what it is to live in the open air, and our lives are domestic in more senses than we think.
indeed, with a sense of low complicity, i have sometimes watched a bishop.
presently, joe came back, saying that the man was gone, but that he, joe, had left word at the three jolly bargemen concerning the notes.
there was a small, heavily-grated, unglazed window high in the wall, with a stone screen before it, so that the sky could be only seen by stooping low and looking up.
i knew how quick she always was to divine the truth, and that she would never be the first to breathe his name.
the early dinner hour at joes, left me abundance of time, without hurrying my talk with biddy, to walk over to the old spot before dark.
deeply as i felt my own unconscious part in his pollution of an honest home, i believed that if i had been brought face to face with him, i could not have uttered one reproach.
if i have not (macbeth-like) broken up the feast with most admired disorder, daisy.
it is jarvis lorry who has replied to all the previous questions.
he received us cordially, and made friends with mr. dick in a moment.
the methods suggested for analyzing special feature stories in newspapers are applicable also to the study of magazine articles.
i must say again that i heartily admire your gallantry and youthfulness.
let us take the case of the blue spectacles, which is the simplest, but may serve as a type for the others.
come, mr. copperfield, you dont want sense; and this is the sensible course.
i knows his ways, and emlys, and i knows their sorrows, and can be a comfort to em, some odd times, and labour for em allus!
as to the charge that infusion of emotional quality into the writing produces bias, first of all it must be said that if the subject contains no emotion, none should be attempted in the writing.
it is regarded as a great journalistic achievement when the time of transmission of a cablegram is shortened.
there were high squeals and low squeals, grunts, and wails of agony; there would come a momentary lull, and then a fresh outburst, louder than ever, surging up to a deafening climax.
joe looked at her in a helpless way, then took a helpless bite, and looked at me again.
my sisters bringing up had made me sensitive.
when the village had taken its poor supper, it did not creep to bed, as it usually did, but came out of doors again, and remained there.
i went across-channel to france, and landed theer, as if id fell down from the sky.
so far from one all-embracing space being given, there are several spaces for each person, according to the different senses which give relations that may be called spatial.
let us now, in the light of this classification, return to the question whether all relations can be reduced to predications.
there was a lovely garden to mr. spenlows house; and though that was not the best time of the year for seeing a garden, it was so beautifully kept, that i was quite enchanted.
the spy looked round at the two gentlemen; they both looked in unspeakable astonishment at jerry.
my aunt leaned her elbow on the little round table that she usually kept beside her, and eyed him attentively.
and one night he had a choking fit, and a little river of blood came out of his mouth.
he looked at me for a moment without speaking, and then rejoined, still holding me as before, and giving me a shake: come!
the pond in winter after a still winter night i awoke with the impression that some question had been put to me, which i had been endeavoring in vain to answer in my sleep, as whathowwhenwhere?
and began dancing backwards and forwards in a manner quite unparalleled within my limited experience.
let me remember, then, what he said as to that.
i doent know wheer it comes from, or how tis, but i am told as shes alive!
the men in them are thrown violently to the water, where they float in the wash and shattered planking.
emlys her name, said mr. omer, and shes little too.
the meaning of a proposition is derivative from the meanings of its constituent words.
now this requires that the number of events concerned should be infinite in any finite period of time.
it is not he who looks languid, and twiddles his thumbs for sick misplacedness, like achilles among girls.
cried my sister, with a clap of her hands and a scream together,which was her next stage.
i have walked two nights without resting.
macbeth strode through large events, as did robert e. lee, yet the dominating motives were quite different, and these motives throw the utmost light on the fundamentals of character.
as i keep the cash, mr. wemmick observed, we shall most likely meet pretty often.
can we say, conversely, that it consists wholly of such accuracy of response?
the subject was a suggestive one to me, and i thought about it in silence.
you wonder wherein the canadian has an advantage over you.
they built a second mill in luzeme, new york, but abandoned it soon afterward for the greater water-power to be obtained at palmer's falls, where now stands the second largest mill in the united states.
when he told her he would not let elzbieta take her money, she answered indifferently: then it'll be wasted here--that's all.
szedvilas had no use for property owning.
so far as consistent with abstract freedom of will according to a universal law one might alienate his services as well as his property, and an undertaking to perform something was an alienation of that sort.
why, even a full professor seldom gets more than four thousand--in most cases less.
that is to say, from the mere fact that it is the thing it is we cannot deduce that it must have the various relations which in fact it has.
it was on the whole a rare amusement, which, continued too long, might have become a dissipation.
conditions of life in classes of society with which the reader is not familiar may be brought home to him through the medium of the confession story.
oh, you cruel, cruel boy, to say i am a disagreeable wife!
and if the councils had decreed that you should be a street sweeper, how dared you think that you could be of greater use to men than in sweeping the streets?
the effect of acquisition of land property is always to drive the possessors into the tory camp.
automobiles will run on two wheels like a bicycle.
there were stronger differences between him and her than there had been between him and his father, and it is suspected that he cherished a deep and mortal grudge against her as having influenced the fathers anger.
as it was, he stooped to see the ruin he had wrought.
i may denounce you if i think proper, and i can swear my way through stone walls, and so can others.
to the adherents of this theory the essential thing is a reasonable and just solution of the individual controversy.
i signified that i had no doubt he would take it as an honor to be asked.
would it not be well if we were to celebrate such a busk, or feast of first fruits, as bartram describes to have been the custom of the mucclasse indians?
i had barely time to get down again before the coach started, and i could hardly see the family for the handkerchiefs they waved.
we spoke earlier of two ways of classifying particulars.
sydney carton looked at his punch and looked at his complacent friend; drank his punch and looked at his complacent friend.
such principles, however, are not trivial to the philosopher, for they show that we may have indubitable knowledge which is in no way derived from objects of sense.
hannah's special contribution was first-hand experience; mrs. knefler's the knowledge of economic conditions necessary to an understanding of our complicated labor problems.
do you remember when, in his inheritance of your nature, and in your pampering of his pride and passion, he did this, and disfigured me for life?
but the blots were more expressive to me than the best composition; for they showed me that peggotty had been crying all over the paper, and what could i have desired more?
like the mariner in the old story, the winds and streams had driven him within the influence of the loadstone rock, and it was drawing him to itself, and he must go.
the agitation to break up the police protection of criminals was continuing, and it seemed to him best to lay low for the present.
willingly, and a small return for your good offices.
our foreign cousins scoff at it and call it immodest; but we may reserve our own opinion as to the relative modesty of some of their institutions.
it was no laughing matter with estella now, nor was she summoning these remembrances from any shallow place.
the principle of causation, according to him, asserts that the same cause, if repeated, will produce the same effect.
when the sessions came round, mr. jaggers caused an application to be made for the postponement of his trial until the following sessions.
how to find the trouble with a balky engine--the careful, patient, unangered searching.
the chateau was left to itself to flame and burn.
artists of indifferent energy and an imperfect devotion to their own ideal make this ungrateful effort once for all; and, having formed a style, adhere to it through life.
the sort of universals generally represented by verbs and prepositions.
it is for this reason that it was necessary to develop the definition of perception.
don't see anything, jake, said the policeman.
peggotty, says i, suddenly, were you ever married?
the second man clamps a metal cover over the pasteboard caps and packs the bottles in ice.
this car-load of torn sails is more legible and interesting now than if they should be wrought into paper and printed books.
the insect had apparently used spruce; they used spruce under an ordinary grindstone.
in this kind of judgement the sense-datum contains constituents which have some relation to each other, and the judgement asserts that these constituents have this relation.
they both had weak eyes, which i had long attributed to their chronically looking in at keyholes, and they were always at hand when not wanted; indeed that was their only reliable quality besides larceny.
we have never dared to know any of them, far less become intimate with them.
copies can almost always be made from the originals when persons furnishing writers with photographs and drawings desire to have the originals kept in good condition.
the summer has been splendid, but it has lasted long enough.
are important ideas placed at the beginning of sentences?
yet this elimination of the administrative takes place more in theory and in appearance than in reality.
put the meal into the trough, add water gradually, and knead it thoroughly.
that fearful impostor, pumblechook, immediately nodded, and said, as he rubbed the arms of his chair, its more than that, mum.
a fell, uncompromising, murderous business-meaning there.
and then, up in the garret, he heard sounds of wailing, in marija's voice.
he learned so fast that every week when jurgis came home it seemed to him as if he had a new child.
for in primitive thinking forms have an intrinsic efficacy.
the negligence is established by the liability, not the liability by the negligence.
it was addressed to myself; and laid an injunction on me, in a few affectionate words, never to refer to the subject of that evening.
martha endell--side by side with whom, he would not have seen his dear niece, ham had told me, for all the treasures wrecked in the sea.
this makes us declare the two visual tables an illusion, because usually one visual object corresponds to one tactile object.
transcriber's note obvious typographical errors were repaired, as listed below.
such gruel sustains life here, i thought; so, shutting my eyes, and excluding the motes by a skilfully directed under-current, i drank to genuine hospitality the heartiest draught i could.
it is a difficult method to employ, for the writer is in great danger of saying exactly the same thing again and again, forgetting to assume different points of view.
you have had doubts, wickfield, said the doctor, without lifting up his head.
they are the rugs of almost pure geometric linear design.
to show them as the culmination of the sonata development.
this is a job he has been working at pretty successfully for more than a thousand years.
they stood like statues while the first spread the table and set out the contents of the trays upon it.
this was an unfortunate decision, however, for it drove him more quickly than ever into the saloons.
to stir the reader's feelings by a strong emotional description is obviously a good method of beginning.
some of them have done nothing for themselves in their entire lives, and what a splendid place camp is for such girls.
in a quarter of an hour monseigneur was ready, and sat down alone to his sumptuous and choice supper.
it was the holiday rush that was over, the girls said in answer to marija's inquiries; after that there was always a slack.
if it could not be done with mr. millss sanction and concurrence, i besought a clandestine interview in the back kitchen where the mangle was.
'you see, monsieur, i am going to use them,' i replied, and said no more.
a severe cold of a few days duration in march may very much retard the opening of the former ponds, while the temperature of walden increases almost uninterruptedly.
there have been sore mistakes; and my life has been a blind and thankless one; and i want forgiveness and direction far too much, to be bitter with you.
it might be objected to the theory that many things which we certainly believe do not call for any bodily movements.
there were all sorts of things they had made up their minds to inquire about, but when the time came, they either forgot them or lacked the courage.
when he had done this, and had not lifted himself up at all, he quietly went on with what he was about.
the forewoman was especially severe with ona, because she believed that she was obstinate on account of having been refused a holiday the day after her wedding.
for greater variety it is advisable to alternate direct and indirect quotations.
mr. micawber was so very much struck by this happy rounding off with a quotation, that he indulged himself, and us, with a second reading of the sentence, under pretence of having lost his place.
he offered no interruption, but remained throughout perfectly still.
some were eagerly waiting, some anxiously, some indifferently.
the discreet mr. lorry said, in a sample tone of the voice he would recommend under the circumstances, how do you do, mr. stryver?
to me, sir, said mr. creakle, darting his head at him suddenly, and drawing it back again, the principal of this establishment, and your employer.
you ought to take as much care to cajole your reader into following you as the cook does to make us happy to the final morsel.
yet, a french tellson's could get on with these things exceedingly well, and, as long as the times held together, no man had taken fright at them, and drawn out his money.
it might have been possible to demonstrate the superior construction of his motor truck; but competitors would meet point with point, and customers were not interested in technicalities anyway.
i will go, said doctor manette, to the prosecutor and the president straight, and i will go to others whom it is better not to name.
it is an application of the old formula of going from the known to the unknown, except that in this case we proceed from the unknown to the known and then return to the unknown with increased light.
that this correspondence with the public enemy was not a correspondence of to-day, or of yesterday, or even of last year, or of the year before.
every mans business, said wemmick, rather reproachfully towards me, is portable property.
there is a satisfying solidity about the bunches, a glorious abundance which, in a commodity so easily enjoyed without ownership, is scarcely credible.
it was the day of the week on which mr. sharp went out to get his wig curled; so mr. mell, who always did the drudgery, whatever it was, kept school by himself.
so he took a chop by the bone in one hand, and a potato in the other, and ate away with a very good appetite, to my extreme satisfaction.
the wood-sawyer, who held her in the respect, and himself in the submission, of mortal fear, advanced with his hand to his red cap.
but no one cares whether animals are virtuous or not, and no one is under the delusion that they are rational.
i don't wonder at it; it's not so long since you were pretty far advanced on your way to another.
because of the commercial value of satisfying his readers, an editor occasionally assumes that he must give all of them whatever some of them crave.
if you complain of me i shall get into trouble with my sister, so i would do it if i could; but its so new here, and so strange, and so fine,and melancholy.
when i called to see it he was not at home.
i observed that they were both wrapped in cloaks, and appeared to conceal themselves.
you know i have had losses, and am poorer than i used to be.
that she may be able to recognise the faces and know the persons.
we must guard our tunnel as we had never guarded it before.
there, indeed, you will find cacophony supreme, the rattle of incongruous consonants only relieved by the jaw-breaking hiatus, and whole phrases not to be articulated by the powers of man.
it was always earnest; but when it was very earnest, as it was now, there was a thrill in it that quite subdued me.
this closed the proceedings of the evening.
i should call that almost final, observed tiffey.
mrs. micawber shrieked, and folded mr. micawber in her embrace.
he had to protect her, to do battle for her against the horror he saw about them.
there would seem, therefore, to be various degrees of completeness in analysis.
i have been taking leave of my usual walk, said i.
i observed that several gentlemen were shading their eyes, each with one hand, as if they had just come into church.
do you think that thackeray overemphasizes the sentimental appeal of goldsmith's weaknesses and his mellow kindness?
for there was something very comfortable in having plenty of stationery.
such was not my abode, for i found myself suddenly neighbor to the birds; not by having imprisoned one, but having caged myself near them.
the old soldier was in permanent quarters under the doctors roof.
it is humble, said mr. micawber, --to quote a favourite expression of my friend heep; but it may prove the stepping-stone to more ambitious domiciliary accommodation.
the sweet-smelling herbs of this girl's garden she dries and sells to the fancy goods trade, and they are used for filling cushions, pillows, and perfume bags.
these, with concord river, are my water privileges; and night and day, year in year out, they grind such grist as i carry to them.
if i should soon bring this meditation to an end, would another so sweet occasion be likely to offer?
does he think to reduce me by long absence?
we would for the poor fishermens, to be sure, and wed help em with money when they come to any hurt.
she is engaged to be married to a most worthy and deserving man in her own station of life.
i call upon you, sir, therefore, to pint out the good.
sure youre not a going to favor only one of us.
the tramp cared little for this protest of the sea or for the threats of more hostile resistance.
youll be a solitary woman heer, im afeerd!
it is not worth the while to live by rich cookery.
in like manner, a true belief cannot be called knowledge when it is deduced by a fallacious process of reasoning, even if the premisses from which it is deduced are true.
he had asked me if i was a deceiving imp, and he had said i should be a fierce young hound if i joined the hunt against him.
she tells me that she wants to see you on a little matter of business you mentioned to her.
some types of articles, although expository in purpose, are entirely narrative and descriptive in form.
but the aspect of words that specially concerns us is their power of promoting our own thought.
under a leaning hemlock the writing on the snow tells of a squirrel that dropped from the lowest branch, hopped aimlessly about for a few yards, then went up the bank.
when once it is admitted, it enables us to extend our knowledge of the sensible world by testimony, and thus leads to the system of private worlds which we assumed in our hypothetical construction.
besides, i couldnt be such friends with any other dog but jip; because he wouldnt have known me before i was married, and wouldnt have barked at doady when he first came to our house.
for all these reasons, there is much in the analysis of mind which is more easily discovered by the study of animals than by the observation of human beings.
and the shadow i have mentioned, that was not to be between us any more, but was to rest wholly on my own heart?
a writer with the ability to see the comedies and the tragedies in the events constantly happening about him, or frequently reported in the press, will never lack for subjects and material.
but this phrase does not quite clearly express what is meant.
but he repeated sweetly: some local irritation, maam?
returned miss murdstone, though, i thought, not with a very ready or gracious assent.
do you know who this is, who is with me?
but to choose only those facts that are common to all, to make your hero do only the conventionally unavoidable things, will leave him without personality.
the end of the summer is not the end of the world.
said i, stopping before herbert, with my open hands held out, as if they contained the desperation of the case.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
even the most jealously anxious of mothers are among the converts to the movement.
to choose wisely a controlling purpose that recognizes and handles the inherent emotions of words is merely to organize inescapable material.
such a kind would be wholly independent of determinism: it could not be contrary to even the most entirely universal reign of causality.
as soon as this volume began to circulate, mr. wopsles great-aunt fell into a state of coma, arising either from sleep or a rheumatic paroxysm.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
we were not in a grand way of business, but we had a good name, and worked for our profits, and did very well.
i could scarcely lay claim to the name: i was so disturbed by the conviction that the letter came from agnes.
demanded stryver, perceptibly crestfallen.
i dont want to look a gift-horse in the mouth, which is not a gracious thing to do; otherwise, i dare say, my cousin annie could easily arrange it in her own way.
will you accompany me, said mr. lorry, joyfully relieved after reading this note aloud, to where his wife resides?
i find that all my best men face to the west; it is a curious thing.
it is sophys birthday; and, on our road, traddles discourses to me of the good fortune he has enjoyed.
now i can see other things--crisp and sparkling days, long pleasant evenings, cheery fires.
this, however, would be an irrelevant retort, since, if the principle were true, i could not know that any one else is acquainted with him.
she never left off, or left us for a moment.
as the needle pierced the flesh, the little patient gave a sharp cry--the only sign of discomfiture displayed during the entire operation.
we were to go in a carriers cart, which departed in the morning after breakfast.
on the other hand the old formal contracts responded thereto in part only since their obligation was one to do exactly what the terms of the form called for, no more and no less.
she must have gone home again with jadvyga, he said; jadvyga lived only two blocks from the yards, and perhaps she had been tired.
you are, in other words, impressed with the problem that confronts engineers of making the motor more efficient.
nor, after the locomotive has melted into the distance shall you buttonhole your reader and bid him, like the engine, be up and doing!
the lonely church, right out on the marshes, with graves round it!
mr. murdstone took no heed of me when i went into the parlour where he was, but sat by the fireside, weeping silently, and pondering in his elbow-chair.
my house had in the mean while been shingled down to the ground on every side.
we have turned our attention to that experiment, on the suggestion of my family, and we find it fallacious.
i was shown quite a long list of verses which were composed by some young men who had been detected in an attempt to escape, who avenged themselves by singing them.
this applies especially to the effects that depend upon association.
and the mans eyes looked at me, and then looked over my head, and then looked all round me, and then he drew his hand across his lips and laughed.
they might be excluded from the possibility of individual ownership in any of three ways.
mr. wopsle was beginning, i can only say when the stranger stopped him.
i can enjoy myself well enough here chopping; i want no better sport.
some words carry with them associated ideas and emotions, while others do not.
if ever there was a donkey trespassing on my green, said my aunt, with emphasis, there was one this afternoon at four oclock.
but the theorem, though it has remained his chief claim to immortality, was soon found to have a consequence fatal to his whole philosophy.
but answer the question, said mr. jaggers.
he didn't call it a particularly curious coincidence; most coincidences were curious.
its end was to make possible the maximum of free individual action consistent with general free individual action.
that was well done; they had left the spot; it shall not be in vain.
trespass on lands, trespass on chattels and conversion involve more than the general security and must be considered in connection with ideas of property.
and is this, she added, looking at her visitor with the proud intolerant air with which she had begun, no injury?
it has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings.
lifting the latch of a gate, we passed direct into a little garden overlooking the river, where mr.
traddles, returned mr. waterbrook, is a young man reading for the bar.
i shall take my food from the earth by the toil of my own hands.
who does not feel his faith in a resurrection and immortality strengthened by hearing of this?
and yet i did not despise him the more for it, but thought it a redeeming quality in him if he could be allowed any grace for not resisting one so irresistible as steerforth.
hence it is easy to pass on into a mysticism.
red whisker would have got the guitar-case out of the carriage, but dora told him nobody knew where it was, but i.
the very dew seemed to hang upon the trees later into the day than usual, as on the sides of mountains.
substitute the tenth army for the traffordshire's baggage wagon, swell honks spruit into the roaring wang-ho, elevate oom kop into the frowning scarp of pyjiyama, and you have it.
one simple paradox may serve as an illustration.
life, in his philosophy, is a continuous stream, in which all divisions are artificial and unreal.
she said in her affidavit that she had worn the pin in a restaurant a few nights before and had lost it that night, either in the restaurant or on her way there or back.
take nothing on its looks; take everything on evidence.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
in this respect, my company was winnowed by my mere distance from town.
not that the colon bacilli are a menace to health.
nor have the attempts of some american courts to narrow common-law liability for injuries by known vicious animals to cases of negligent keeping made much headway.
we spent as much money as we could, and got as little for it as people could make up their minds to give us.
well, then, said he, im jiggered if i dont see you home!
all men look alike when they are a mile away, hence when we see a man a mile off we cannot tell what he will look like when he is only a yard away.
the road would be none the smoother for it, the end would be none the better for it, he would not be helped, nor i extenuated.
i kept an eye on orlick after that night, and, whenever circumstances were favorable to his dancing at biddy, got before him to obscure that demonstration.
in traveling, we were always allotted the upper berths.
and the natural consequence is, as anybody but a baby might have foreseen, that he prowls and wanders.
ive put away money, only for you to spend.
there is a celebration in the streets, and no one will be accessible until dark.
from this prison here of horror, whence i every hour tend nearer and nearer to destruction, i send you, monsieur heretofore the marquis, the assurance of my dolorous and unhappy service.
if they paid higher prices, they might get frills and fanciness, or be cheated; but genuine quality they could not obtain for love nor money.
to say that logic and arithmetic are contributed by us does not account for this.
then her voice would begin to rise into screams, louder and louder until it broke in wild, horrible peals of laughter.
this we can do, in large measure, by asking the famous three questions of coleridge: first, what did the author intend to do?
it follows that all our knowledge concerning physical objects is such that no actual instance can be given.
all life had turned to rottenness and stench in them--love was a beastliness, joy was a snare, and god was an imprecation.
and if you would promise me to read a little--a little cookery book that i would send you, it would be so excellent for both of us.
my room was at the top of the house, at the back: a close chamber; stencilled all over with an ornament which my young imagination represented as a blue muffin; and very scantily furnished.
sometimes one weapon is stronger than the other, but a wise author always has an eye for both.
you haf not got something to drink, hey?
the best times were when she sat quietly at work in the doorway, and i sat on the wooden step at her feet, reading to her.
(i had come out of kingston jail last on a vagrancy committal.
i thought all this very pretty and engaging, and steerforth seemed to think so too, as we looked after them fading away in the light of a young moon.
whatever her tone with me happened to be, i could put no trust in it, and build no hope on it; and yet i went on against trust and against hope.
selling fermented liquors, however, is trading, and trading is a social act.
all adust and athirst, the two entered the wine-shop.
for a man who conducts himself well, repeated mrs. micawber, with her clearest business manner, and is industrious.
it was not an easy thing for jurgis to take more than two or three drinks.
how is it possible to know that a memory-image is an imperfect copy, without having a more accurate copy by which to replace it?
for the last half-dozen years of his life goldsmith was far removed from the pressure of any ignoble necessity, and in the receipt, indeed, of a pretty large income from the booksellers, his patrons.
that is to say, they believe that every psychical event has a psychical cause and a physical concomitant.
the yellowish waves of gas became more greenish in color as fresh volumes poured out continually from the squat iron cylinders which had now been raised and placed outside the trenches by the germans.
for some days afterwards, i am lost in rapturous reflections; but i neither see her in the street, nor when i call.
traddles ran his greasy hands through his hair, and stood it bolt upright, and stared in confusion on the table-cloth.
there is the home of the younger sons, as among the scandinavians they took to the sea for their inheritance.
and you are happily married at last, my dear traddles!
you must know, said my sister, rising, its a pie; a savory pork pie.
nevertheless, his sign-manual is content with humble and stagnant conditions.
when the time comes, let loose a tiger and a devil; but wait for the time with the tiger and the devil chained--not shown--yet always ready.
seeing that traddles now glanced anxiously at my aunt again, i reminded him of the second and last point to which he had adverted.
it must be one that branches high from the ground and ought to be native to the country and climate.
and when it has been shown that this view affords a satisfactory account of animal desires, it is not difficult to see that the same explanation is applicable to the desires of human beings.
you know it to be no, pip, and wherefore should i say it?
you listen to these things, the man was saying, and you say, 'yes, they are true, but they have been that way always.'
the frame of the spectacles is of course visible, but the blue glass, if it is clean, is not visible.
you can make use of graphic charts when they will be useful, so long as they are not merely a lazy device for escaping the task of writing clearly.
the ball of the human finger is but a drop congealed.
so jurgis trudged four or five miles, and passed through a waiting throng of unemployed at the gate under the escort of his friend.
and as this, he added, after these magnanimous words, is not a fit scene for the boy--david, go to bed!
i brought it to the table near the fire, and asked him what he would have?
yet it is almost equally true that the black man has been the salvation of the sleeping-car service.
a writer may submit his special feature stories to one of the newspaper syndicates just as he would send it to a newspaper or magazine.
there is a great power in these wires, but this power is tamed.
moreover, we feel some quality of necessity about the proposition 'two and two are four', which is absent from even the best attested empirical generalizations.
a dozen new tents and four canoes were bought, and two dirt tennis courts made.
in a month, the world council of scholars is to meet in our city.
having had a letter from you, i were able to say i am.
but the relation of husband to wife (in christian countries) is called one-one, because a man cannot have more than one wife, or a woman more than one husband.
master freddie stood for a moment or two, gazing about him; then out of the next room a dog emerged, a monstrous bulldog, the most hideous object that jurgis had ever laid eyes upon.
the author's objective is always an effect in the reader's mind.
the light--for i call them, in comparison with such sentiments, the light--inclinations of very young people, pursued miss lavinia, are dust, compared to rocks.
and if my men can bear a hand anywhere, theyll make themselves useful.
in the following example we have two bases used for classifying clearing-houses.
it will be by money paid for with hunger, by knowledge stolen from sleep, by thoughts communicated under the shadow of the gallows!
i live quite pleasantly there; at least it appeared to me that i was losing a chance.
thus assisted, she skipped down with much agility, and began to tie her double chin into her bonnet.
and we thought then, standing in the square, that the likeness of a saint was the face we saw before us in the flames, the face of the transgressor of the unspeakable word.
the conductor--both of the train and of the sleeping-car service--is not permitted to exercise such initiative or intuition; but the porter can do and frequently does things of this very sort.
peggotty shook her head compassionately.
he saw his trembling old father, who had blessed them all with his wonderful love.
mr. cruncher came forward sideways, with one of his shoulders in advance of him.
the plays are about toil and how good it is.
this feed is the same as the morning feed except that it is thinner.
handel, my dear fellow, how are you, and again how are you, and again how are you?
whether you will falter and fail in the race or whether you will be faithful to the end depends on the training before the start, and on your staying powers, points upon which i need not enlarge.
but i am not annie, you know; and annie is not her mother.
something to that effect was said by the intoxicated liar who committed the assault, but it was not true.
if there are points in a sensible space, they must be an inference.
then, with a horrible sinking of the heart, teta elzbieta unlocked her bureau and brought out the paper that had already caused them so many agonies.
will you wait for us a little, outside the door?
what is this decree that the smith spoke of?
in the first case, you say that it is not he who has changed, but your eyes; in the second, you say that he has changed.
i have no doubt, indeed, that she probed the doctors wound without knowing it.
the question which kant put at the beginning of his philosophy, namely 'how is pure mathematics possible?'
it is easier to write personality sketches about men and women whom we know well than it is about those whom we have never met, or with whom we have had only a short interview.
i shall always think so, as long as i live.
ive been carted here and carted there, and put out of this town, and put out of that town, and stuck in the stocks, and whipped and worried and drove.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
ay, he comes back, said the landlord, to his great friends, now and again, and gives the cold shoulder to the man that made him.
well, mebbe he was playing a joke on ye.
well, maam, resumed mr. chillip, as soon as he had courage, i am happy to congratulate you.
in the second place, instinct often gives only a rough outline of the sort of thing to do, in which case learning is necessary in order to acquire certainty and precision in action.
one of his fathers ministers having discovered him, revealed to him what he was, and the misconception of his character was removed, and he knew himself to be a prince.
but it was men of another stamp than this that made england what it has been; and men of another stamp will be needed to prevent its decline.
i have always endeavored to acquire strict business habits; they are indispensable to every man.
he answered, in a tone that went to every heart, a long imprisonment.
the mason who finishes the cornice of the palace returns at night perchance to a hut not so good as a wigwam.
but go and see that droll dog, the little man persisted, calling after him.
he left off scraping his chin, and sucked in his cheeks until they seemed to meet inside; keeping his sidelong glance upon me all the while.
both of which, said joe, quite charmed with his logical arrangement, being done, now this to you a true friend, say.
but the distinction is one of degree, not of kind.
your aunt is a sweet lady, master copperfield!
because you know, my darling, i remonstrated, you are not a child.
again our charge was the least anxious of the party.
to have imposed any derogatory work upon him, would have been to inflict a wanton insult on the feelings of a most respectable man.
then we walked away together and back to the home of the street sweepers.
what is called belief or judgement is nothing but this relation of believing or judging, which relates a mind to several things other than itself.
in this lies man's true freedom: in determination to worship only the god created by our own love of the good, to respect only the heaven which inspires the insight of our best moments.
i remember how i thought of all the solitary places under the night sky where i had slept, and how i prayed that i never might be houseless any more, and never might forget the houseless.
as we looked full at one another, i felt my breath come quicker in my strong desire to get something out of him.
i wish, said the other, with a bitter curse upon the cold, that i had em here.
what fine hidden sensibilities are touched in such a case, no echoes tell; but it is so, and it was so here.
in an account of the united states government it might be logically necessary to state and explain first the theory of checks and balances before the relations of executive, legislative, and judicial branches could be properly estimated.
the escort were two mounted patriots in red caps and tri-coloured cockades, armed with national muskets and sabres, who rode one on either side of him.
the ninth member sprayed, but not through the service.
but i saw that everything within my view which ought to be white, had been white long ago, and had lost its lustre and was faded and yellow.
when you have selected your committee and the speeches are well away, the drawing begins.
my glance had fallen, but a few moments before, on the fragments of a broken sword, lying among the hay.
i remember such even in the channel islands.
dont let her lift me up to get it round me.
my dear sir, returned mrs. markleham, shaking her head and her fan, you little know my poor jack maldon when you ask that question.
there would be no one to hear them if they cried out; there would be no help, no mercy.
said mr. spenlow, stopping short upon the hearth-rug.
i think i rarely heard a more obscure or a more promising annunciation, the other remarked.
but now the income of the family was cut down more than one-third, and the food demand was cut only one-eleventh, so that they were worse off than ever.
there are complications connected with relativity, but for our present purpose they are not vital, and i shall ignore them.
no, said i, i had quite enough of the finches the last time i was there.
i am not responsible for the successful working of the machinery of society.
all this time it was incessantly hopping on behind and gaining on him, so that when the boy got to his own door he had reason for being half dead.
there is a charming informality and ease about these entertainments; there is also genuine art, and a whole-hearted appreciation on the part of the neighborhood's people.
the half-hour and the rum and water running out together, joe got up to go, and took me by the hand.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
the same things which are helps to one person towards the cultivation of his higher nature, are hindrances to another.
mechanical movements are of no interest to the psychologist, and it has only been necessary to define them in order to be able to exclude them.
but society has now fairly got the better of individuality; and the danger which threatens human nature is not the excess, but the deficiency, of personal impulses and preferences.
and everything which is not permitted by law is forbidden.
philanthropy is almost the only virtue which is sufficiently appreciated by mankind.
the man went out and closed the door; jurgis, who was as sharp as he, observed that he took the key out of the lock, in order that he might peer through the keyhole.
great sobs shook jurgis at this memory--they would spend their christmas in misery and despair, with him in prison and ona ill and their home in desolation.
i can be loving and patient now--more than you think, danl, if youll ony try me.
he never liked me much, peggotty; but he would rather not even see me now, if he can help it.
our ambassadors should be instructed to send home such seeds as these, and congress help to distribute them over all the land.
now this fact might have been assimilated by some philosophies without any great difficulty, but to the philosophy of pythagoras it was absolutely fatal.
jurgis came home and covered himself with blankets to keep warm, and divided his time between sleeping and playing with little antanas.
knitted, in her own stitches and her own symbols, it will always be as plain to her as the sun.
there is no way of proving that this cannot be the case, but there is also not the slightest reason to suppose that it is the case.
who can write so graphically the history of the storms they have weathered as these rents have done?
she comes back, and relapses into furniture.
this consideration brings us to the psychological answer.
little ona is nearly ready to faint--and half in a stupor herself, because of the heavy scent in the room.
i think i recollect though, that you read with his father?
it is not necessary, either, to pervert scientific truths in the process of translation into the vernacular.
she was never well, said peggotty, for a long time.
i have an impression that for a long time, though i dreamed of being elsewhere and in a variety of scenes, it was always blowing in my dream.
there is, it is true, one objection which might be felt, not indeed to the action of matter on mind, but to the action of mind on matter.
gradually, i became used to seeing the gentleman with the black whiskers.
never even hinted, for instance, that your patron might have views as to your marriage ultimately?
and then it will go in, you know--and then-- said mr. dick, after checking himself, and pausing a long time, therell be a pretty kettle of fish!
for instance-- for instance, returned madame defarge, composedly, shrouds.
mrs. micawber was amazed, but very glad to see me.
the general safety, peace and order and the general health are secured for the most part by police and administrative agencies.
it would be easier for the weakest poltroon that lives, to erase himself from existence, than to erase one letter of his name or crimes from the knitted register of madame defarge.
we leapt forward, we ran to them, and we stood looking upon the golden one.
it may be portrayed as certain ultimate laws which inexorably determine the phenomena of human conduct.
common words, even proper names, are usually really descriptions.
thus hegel's theory comes to this: personality involves exercise of the will with respect to things.
they cannot see what it is to do for them: how should they?
it remains to define precisely what we mean by 'fact', and what is the nature of the correspondence which must subsist between belief and fact, in order that belief may be true.
he shared with me the labors of cooking.
perhaps you vill give me someting to eat den--i haf had noffing since yesterday morning, und i haf vorked myself near to death here.
strikes, attempted monopolies, political revolutions, elections, championship games, diplomacy, poverty, are but a few of the struggles that give zest to life.
that is a bank-note, repeated mr. jaggers, for five hundred pounds.
but history must not yet tell the tragedies enacted here; let time intervene in some measure to assuage and lend an azure tint to them.
but we have still not reduced our statement completely to what is actually given in sense.
provis was to be strictly careful while i was gone, and herbert was to take the charge of him that i had taken.
nor was it at all necessary that he should trouble himself with such questions, for if anything were certain under the sun, it was certain that the memorial never would be finished.
the man with the wooden leg eyed me all over--it didnt take long, for there was not much of me--and locked the gate behind us, and took out the key.
thus, bentley drummle had come to mr. pocket when he was a head taller than that gentleman, and half a dozen heads thicker than most gentlemen.
im a heavy grubber, dear boy, he said, as a polite kind of apology when he made an end of his meal, but i always was.
jurgis had come home with a big packing box on his head, and he sent jonas to get another that he had bought.
the theoretical understanding of words involves only the power of associating them correctly with other words; the practical understanding involves associations with other bodily movements.
this is a juristic possession, a conception both of fact and of law.
therefore, i followed him without a word, to a retired nook of the garden, formed by the junction of two walls and screened by some rubbish.
cried the little creature, making a whisk at him with the handkerchief with which she was wiping her face, and dont be impudent!
the process of application is assumed to be a purely logical one.
what i look at is the sacrifice of so much portable property.
it is a kind of anguish that poets have not commonly dealt with; its very words are not admitted into the vocabulary of poets--the details of it cannot be told in polite society at all.
but if you want a dog to race with, little blossom, he has lived too well for that, and ill give you one.
mrs. tupper figured that if a trademark has advertising pull for a manufacturing concern, it would help the farm business.
i still saw the snow drifting in; but nothing else was there.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
i have not much to show you; but such two or three curiosities as i have got you might like to look over; and i am fond of a bit of garden and a summer-house.
and with the curiosity of the american and the enthusiasm of the irish we lumbered downstairs in quest of sergeant reilly.
therefore i resolved to put my hunk of bread and butter down the leg of my trousers.
meanwhile, they who act with too jealous respect for their morrow of civilized comfort, reap only indigestion, and crow's-foot traceries for their deluded eye-corners.
before long, the consideration that there was no disgrace in the fate he must meet, and that numbers went the same road wrongfully, and trod it firmly every day, sprang up to stimulate him.
but he was very penitent indeed, and in a peculiar way--not in the lump, but by instalments.
it appeared a wonderful thing to me, but it turned out that there was no will.
to this distressful emblem of a great distress that had long been growing worse, and was not at its worst, a woman was kneeling.
the second way gives us the complex whole, and is therefore only possible when its parts do actually have that relation which makes them combine to form such a complex.
said traddles, casting his eyes upon me, when i had read it twice.
oh, what can i write, to thank you for your good and blessed kindness to me!
didn't he ever wonder about his family, jurgis asked.
that is the only word to describe it; it was so cruel, and so utterly not to be foreseen.
and i thought inevitably of the story of the titan myth, of prometheus, the first real democrat, who held out against the gods because they despised humanity.
i knew mrs. joes housekeeping to be of the strictest kind, and that my larcenous researches might find nothing available in the safe.
well, he returned, drawing a long breath, i hope so.
they are dull and clumsy compared with the honey-bee.
mr. peggotty has not alluded to it, and i have a delicacy in doing so.
for papers with magazine sections that are made up a week or more before the day of publication, articles should be in the office of the editor at least two weeks before the release date.
as i was getting too big for mr. wopsles great-aunts room, my education under that preposterous female terminated.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
once, you struck me a blow in the face, you know.
the faithful will no doubt find it delicious; and i, though an outsider, got through it without fatigue and with a kind of perverse pleasure in its perversity.
she quoted it this way: cross by name and cross by nature, cross hopped out of an irish potato.
all his journeys were ruggedly performed; for he was always steadfast in a purpose of saving money for emilys sake, when she should be found.
will he now allow me to throw myself on his friendly consideration?
annie, my dear, said her mother, doing something to her dress.
i have been speaking to mrs. hubble, and i am going to her to-morrow.
emerson's ensphering universality overspreads carlyle like the sky above a volcanic island.
the way out of court lay in that direction, and jerry followed him, all eyes, ears, and spikes.
he would lie and scream for hours, almost in convulsions; and then, when he was worn out, he would lie whimpering and wailing in his torment.
but i was in a manner stupefied by this turning up of my old misdeed and old acquaintance, and could think of nothing else.
and yet, when we are awake, we do not believe that the phantasm was, like the appearances of people in waking life, representative of a private world to which we have no direct access.
the little dog retreated under the sofa on my approaching him, and was with great difficulty dislodged by the fire-irons.
returned my aunt, alarmed; or go to sea?
meanwhile, the enemy is battering gloriously at my postern-gate, but at least the fight is on!
he was just out of the hospital, and desperately sick-looking, and with a helpless arm; also he had no overcoat, and shivered pitifully.
some topics when studied will be found to contain little of real consequence, even though a readable article might be developed from the material.
he needs also to have a degree of familiarity with the affairs of the present and the history of the past which will secure him the respect of the officers with whom he may associate.
(we all began to think mr. wopsle full of subterfuge.)
your mistake in life is, that you do not look forward far enough.
the golden age was first created, which without any avenger spontaneously without law cherished fidelity and rectitude.
since you have a real character to make vital, bring to your writing the devices that make characters real.
i hope, mr. pip, you will excuse my sending round.
when a writer desires by his article to create certain convictions in the minds of his readers, he should consider the arrangement best calculated to lead them to form such conclusions.
mr. micawber then shook hands with me again, and left me.
the woman did not go on; she stayed right there--hour after hour, day after day, year after year, twisting sausage links and racing with death.
some of these publications serve subscribers in only one state or section, and others issue separate state or sectional editions.
and when, agnes, said i, will you forgive me the other night?
i kept my ears open, seeming to have them shut, until i heard that he was absent, and i thought that would be the best time for making the attempt.
biddy, said i, after binding her to secrecy, i want to be a gentleman.
tracing it to its source, he discovered it to be caused by a sudden extraordinary rising and stiffening of all the risen and stiff hair on mr. cruncher's head.
in his small personal affairs he shows a certain old-maidish tidiness and the prudence of an experienced old bachelor, who manages his little pleasures without scandal.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
to read well, that is, to read true books in a true spirit, is a noble exercise, and one that will task the reader more than any exercise which the customs of the day esteem.
asked his decent wife, when he took another bite.
the family considerately informed me afterward, however, that they thought me brave to sacrifice myself so cheerfully.
the room, on which the wallpaper hung in dank strips, contained a full-sized bed and a chair bedstead, a washstand, a samovar, a potpourri of a carpet, and certain mysteries of feminine toilet.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
so emly writes in pencil on a bit of paper, he pursued, and gives it to her out o winder to bring here.
the parting interview has overpowered me.
he dropped his voice as he said these words, and the gravity i so well remembered overspread his face.
having settled the little business i had to transact there, and slept there one night, i walked on to canterbury early in the morning.
while a woman writer was making a purchase in a plumber's shop, the plumber was called to the telephone.
that, in the first frantic greetings lavished on himself as a notable sufferer under the overthrown system, it had been accorded to him to have charles darnay brought before the lawless court, and examined.
reflection, moreover, seems to make it clear that, if there is any truth in our arithmetical beliefs, they must apply to things equally whether we think of them or not.
moreover the duty was to be one of doing what good faith demanded, not one of doing literally and exactly what the letter of the undertaking called for.
there is a vague belief abroad, that the beef suet with which he anoints his hair gives him unnatural strength, and that he is a match for a man.
all this time we, the outsiders, remained oppressed by the tremendous interests involved in the conversation; and our host regarded us with pride, as the victims of a salutary awe and astonishment.
we must have had some, because dora stipulated that we were never to be married without her papas consent.
it is my eyes which see, and the sight of my eyes grants beauty to the earth.
the house inside contained four rooms, plastered white; the basement was but a frame, the walls being unplastered and the floor not laid.
of her outward appearance i know no more than that she was like her mother.
the relation of a word to its meaning is of the nature of a causal law governing our use of the word and our actions when we hear it used.
really musical, isnt it, my dear copperfield?
i thanked her, without making any demonstration of joy, lest it should induce her to withdraw her assent.
no one answered him, they sat staring at him with their pale faces.
i picture mr. larkins waiting on me next morning, and saying, my dear copperfield, my daughter has told me all.
we forget, in other words, that william was a man, a personality, a bundle of nervous reactions and desires.
let us consider these questions in succession.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
i mean he had not the unutterable happiness that i had in being so near you.
it was not until i was prowling around on a fleet street assignment that i learned to hate it.
but the force of paw and claws was not the less lethal.
the very coloring of a round, how rich it is, yet how delicate, and how subtly varied!
their voices would die, and never again would he hear them--and so the last faint spark of manhood in his soul would flicker out.
that although it was little else than a matter of form, i presumed i should have an opportunity of trying how i liked it, before i bound myself to it irrevocably.
then dont think of me, retorted miss havisham.
the day was just breaking when we were about to start, and then, as i sat thinking of her, came struggling up the coach side, through the mingled day and night, uriahs head.
but some general remarks may be made, which will suffice to show the problems, without taking sides on any psychological issue still in debate.
in ten minutes more jurgis had pulled off his coat and overshirt, and set his teeth together and gone to work.
this was the experience of antanas; and then there came also jonas and marija with tales to tell.
and its run through my fingers and gone, you see!
but i was no sooner in the passage than i extinguished my candle; for i saw miss havisham going along it in a ghostly manner, making a low cry.
in this belief they seem to have been mistaken.
perception also, as we saw, can only be defined in terms of perspectives.
now, boy, said mr. dick, i am going to put a question to you.
the staff is recruited from writers and editors on newspapers and other magazines.
the thing which will bring a restless condition to an end is said to be what is desired.
we call it war, and pass it by--but do not put me off with platitudes and conventions--come with me, come with me--realize it!
more agitated for a moment than i had ever seen her, she took her hands from me, and moved a step back.
as he stood by the wall in a dim corner, while some of the fifty-two were brought in after him, one man stopped in passing, to embrace him, as having a knowledge of him.
this affords a fresh illustration of the necessity of distinguishing between sense-data and physical objects.
v. what relation do you find between personality and character?
the reason for not interfering, unless for the sake of others, with a person's voluntary acts, is consideration for his liberty.
the clerks were trying to typewrite, answer the continuous ringing of the phone, respond to buzzer summons from manager peet's private office and talk with a stream of visitors, all at the same time.
we all looked awkwardly at the tablecloth while this was going on.
this was because i stood at the focus of three tin pipes, thru which streams of cold air, fan-impelled, beat upon me.
she had a little basket-trifle hanging at her side, with keys in it; and she looked as staid and as discreet a housekeeper as the old house could have.
i think that the two together, copperfield, replied traddles, mean more than mr. and mrs. micawber usually mean in their correspondence--but i dont know what.
the people of packingtown had borne about all that they would bear, and it looked as if a strike might begin any week.
miss clarissa looked at miss lavinia, and shook her head gravely.
it lay on that side of him which was not the side on which she stood.
well, said joe, still harping on it as though i had particularly pressed it, if i was yourself, pip, i wouldnt.
any person but this miserable fool, answer the citizeness defarge!
the chinese were the original manufacturers and dyers of silk, and they applied their silk dyes to their rugs.
when i raised my eyes, i found that she was steadily observant of me.
the large office-ruler was stuck into his waistcoat, and was not so well concealed but that a foot or more of that instrument protruded from his bosom, like a new kind of shirt-frill.
come, miss trotwood, said mr. wickfield.
at the same time we held that there is a certain subject matter, namely images, to which only psychological causal laws are applicable; this subject matter, therefore, we assigned exclusively to psychology.
he was the kindest-hearted man that ever lived, and the liveliest--inexhaustible in his enthusiasm, and talking socialism all day and all night.
on a saturday night he drifted into a town with his fellows; and because it was raining, and there was no other place provided for him, he went to a saloon.
thus the sense-data which make up the appearance of my table are things with which i have acquaintance, things immediately known to me just as they are.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
my dear rosa, interposed mrs. steerforth, laughing good-naturedly, suggest some other supposition!
i hardly know which was the better pleased, traddles or i.
crash!--and the knitting-women, never faltering or pausing in their work, count two.
yet, as we have seen, even the most rapid growth does not permit the lawyer to ignore the demand for stability.
the vulgarity of the superlatives of political campaigns has no place in your pages.
they were her husband's words, as he held her to his bosom.
many readers, especially those of agricultural journals, are tired of being told to do this and that in order to get better results.
and they nailed him to a rock, and cut off his eyelids, and a vulture fed upon his entrails.
we did so, and, watching the others, i discovered that it was the correct thing to lemon the ladies' tea for them and stir it well and light their cigarettes.
he got blood poisoning and lost one finger, and couldn't play the violin any more; and then he went away.
you are not afraid of a woman who has never seen the sun since you were born?
do i tell it, fur you to feel a obligation?
i persuaded myself that, unequal though we were in years, she would live tranquilly and contentedly with me.
let me draw the sofa here, or the easy-chair, aunt, said i.
i hope the next time you come here, my dear fellow, i say to traddles, it will be on the same errand for yourself.
the true student is a citizen of the world, the allegiance of whose soul, at any rate, is too precious to be restricted to a single country.
youve been lying out on the meshes, and theyre dreadful aguish.
go you below, my love, said mr. murdstone.
so suddenly and smartly did he do this, that we all stopped in our foolish contention.
we can now understand the distinction between physics and psychology.
have you heard, joe, i asked him that evening, upon further consideration, as he smoked his pipe at the window, who my patron was?
but, one way and another, so many things happen to me which i never could have expected, i am sure, in my umble station, that it seems to rain blessings on my ed.
and such distinction is impossible in the long progress of suns, whereby in thought to separate the personality of any one man from all others that have lived, becomes a task to stagger omniscience....
i explained to the lady how it was, who than rang a bell, and called out, william!
she is inclined to be skeptical, is mother.
i had thought a prayer, and had been with joe and biddy and herbert, before he turned towards me again.
the point is, that no matter what you want to be, during those last ten years, that you may be, in the almost perfect state.
it is purely the result of education, and is preceded by a consciousness of the purpose to be attained and a distinct mandate of the will.
it was agreed, after consultation, that he should make the effort with old antanas and with jonas.
with an encouraging nod or two, he immediately went out to alter the arrangements, and left her by herself to follow as she had proposed.
it is clear also that the supposed absence of words rests solely upon the introspective testimony of the persons experimented upon.
sometimes a hoarse laugh will break sharp on his ear.
as i was sleepy before we were far away from the prison-ship, joe took me on his back again and carried me home.
little did mr. spenlow imagine, when he sat opposite to me after dinner that day, with his pocket-handkerchief over his head, how fervently i was embracing him, in my fancy, as his son-in-law!
monsieur charles, whom i expect; is he arrived from england?
in the little world in which children have their existence whosoever brings them up, there is nothing so finely perceived and so finely felt as injustice.
in their writings, logic is practically identical with metaphysics.
but you won't put your hands on me till you do!
the day he came was a beautiful bright, cool one in an august.
but those of a higher order cannot rest content with a process which, as they continue to employ it, must infallibly degenerate towards the academic and the cut-and-dried.
the sunset struck so brilliantly into the travelling carriage when it gained the hill-top, that its occupant was steeped in crimson.
but i am sorry to repeat, it is impossible.
he described it as an apartment of the most sumptuous nature, and said that he had drunk brown east india sherry there, of a quality so precious as to make a man wink.
the twins testified their joy by several inconvenient but innocent demonstrations.
jurgis had all the night--and all of many more nights--to think about this, and he saw the thing in its details; he lived it all, as if he were there.
pockets family a month or two, mr. and mrs. camilla turned up.
the force of the explosion has broken connections to the wireless room, but the aerial still holds and, when a measure of order on the boatdeck allows, we send a message of our peril broadcast.
pastime, said madame, still looking at him with a smile while her fingers moved nimbly.
in these pools the children played, and rolled about in the mud of the streets; here and there one noticed them digging in it, after trophies which they had stumbled on.
hence the nature of law has been the chief battleground of jurisprudence since the greek philosophers began to argue as to the basis of the law's authority.
any one carried home by the people to-day, may be condemned tomorrow.
it will be more to the point, after having said so much upon improving books, to say a word or two about the improvable reader.
the distant chimes ring louder and nearer as you cross the borderland of sleep.
he is a special correspondent commissioned to collect intelligence and transmit it from the camp and the battle ground.
in the terror of seeing the figure, and in the terror of being certain that it had not been there a moment before, i at first ran from it, and then ran towards it.
results of school results of the factory school has statement of head been a marked decrease in the friction of firm and the waste of time caused by the inability of employees to comprehend directions.
here we have a definite influence of past experience, but not necessarily any actual knowledge of the past.
thank you, sir, replied uriah, glancing in the new direction of this voice, it was tougher yesterday than i could wish; but its my duty to bear.
but matters were no sooner in this state, than he devoted all his spare time (and got up earlier to make it more) to these perambulations.
her side lines are a pig and a registered jersey cow.
at the appointed hour, he emerged from it to present himself in mr. lorry's room again, where he found the old gentleman walking to and fro in restless anxiety.
the contention came, after all, to this;the secret was such an old one now, had so grown into me and become a part of myself, that i could not tear it away.
said i, after glancing up and down the empty street, without distinctly knowing what i expected to see besides; how do you come here?
it would have--it would have been all right.
wells and arnold bennett particularly amused and diverted her.
i also became once more known to his sister, miss micawber, in whom, as mr. micawber told us, her mother renewed her youth, like the phoenix.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
no, nor yet his half fardens--half fardens!
im struck of a heap, and cant do it, he said, impatiently.
but my mind could not go by it and leave it, as my body did; and it usually awakened a long train of meditations.
i said, after looking at him for some time.
barkis, maam, said peggotty, with a curtsey.
a great field of ice has cracked off from the main body.
no other light follows so intimately an author's most ghostly suggestion.
this recognition caused a general admiration in the party.
the book must be, anyhow, something benedictory by a sinning fellow-man.
about midnight i got out of bed and went to herbert, with the conviction that i had been asleep for four-and-twenty hours, and that wednesday was past.
what difference in the reader might make this change advisable?
it never took him more than one stroke to behead the dummy dragon.
there was another pause--broken suddenly by a voice from the attic: hello, there!
but a human being strictly good, perfectly wise, and unfailingly valiant, all at the same time, i had never heard or dreamed of.
apply bagehot's criticism of the effects of a democratic average to the fate of socrates, jesus, columbus, galileo, roger williams, benjamin franklin, abraham lincoln.
which, you see, pip, said joe, pausing in his meditative raking of the fire, and looking at me, were a drawback on my learning.
i have omitted to mention it, by the by.
the duty done, and act of reparation performed, which can alone enable me to contemplate my fellow mortal, i shall be known no more.
i was supposed to ply what feminine arts i could command for the highly moral purpose of obtaining his dollars, to be used in destroying his ideals.
whether i should have made out this object so soon if there had been no fine lady sitting at it, i cannot say.
when you came away from home at the end of the vacation, said mrs. creakle, after a pause, were they all well?
she had got over the fender now, and i had got over my suspicion.
then you would delight in greenwich street.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
then you mean to tell me, mr. lorry, said stryver, squaring his elbows, that it is your deliberate opinion that the young lady at present in question is a mincing fool?
i did not, and do not, suppose that this neck-kerchief was all the linen he wore, but it was all he showed or gave any hint of.
why, of course, my dear boy, returned herbert, in a tone of surprise, and again bending forward to get a nearer look at me.
it is a college with a very efficient and well-trained staff of professors.
i took another turn across the room, full of love for my pretty wife, and distracted by self-accusatory inclinations to knock my head against the door.
you address nothing in my breast, you touch nothing there.
he saw the little mimi and drove his coarse suabian hand upward through his mecklenburger mustache.
he was quite lost--but then suddenly he thought of grandmother majauszkiene, who lived in the next block.
to show most interestingly the results of the teaching, he picked out four of the six written exercises that he had copied from those exhibited on the walls of the schoolroom.
barkis, ill trouble you to look after the tea, and let me have another cup, for i dont fancy that womans pouring-out!
the theory which has the largest following among practitioners and in dogmatic exposition of the law is analytical.
the singer can easily move us to tears or to laughter, but where is he who can excite in us a pure morning joy?
also, i see that they are covered with dust, and that the dust moves with them as they come, tramp, tramp!
thus, for example, if a tree is a beech it cannot also be not a beech; if my table is rectangular it cannot also be not rectangular, and so on.
there is no exception to this rule, not even little ona--who has asked for a holiday the day after her wedding day, a holiday without pay, and been refused.
there were two other children; master micawber, aged about four, and miss micawber, aged about three.
there, being the window, i crossed to it, and stood there, in a very uncomfortable state of mind, looking out.
i doent know, being a ladys, but what its worse.
but jurgis was not there to ask questions, and he did not give the matter a thought.
i explained to traddles that there was a difficulty in keeping king charles the first out of mr. dicks manuscripts; mr. dick in the meanwhile looking very deferentially and seriously at traddles, and sucking his thumb.
the point of the definition is not that it includes memory, but that it includes it as one of a class of phenomena which embrace all that is characteristic in the subject matter of psychology.
i hastily ordered my dinner, and went back to the yard.
the total of a nations reading, in these days of daily papers, greatly modifies the total of the nations speech; and the speech and reading, taken together, form the efficient educational medium of youth.
he wondered what for--whether or not his victim might be dead, and if so, what they would do with him.
one day a man said to me that he always called his wife his better judgment instead of his better half.
mr. pip, he replied, with gravity, walworth is one place, and this office is another.
i wanted to see how you would come out of the trial, trot; and you came out nobly--persevering, self-reliant, self-denying!
look at me, i say, proud mother of a proud, false son!
takes voice and the reader canters down the new delightful lane where a finger beckons.
even in calidas drama of sacontala, we read of rills dyed yellow with the golden dust of the lotus.
home had never been a very pleasant place to me, because of my sisters temper.
at that time jails were much neglected, and the period of exaggerated reaction consequent on all public wrongdoingand which is always its heaviest and longest punishmentwas still far off.
i hurriedly made him a reply to the effect, that i hoped the error into which i had been betrayed by the desperate nature of my love, did not induce him to think me mercenary too?
when your husband thatll be so soon, is here fur to take you home?
many a traveller came out of his way to see me and the inside of my house, and, as an excuse for calling, asked for a glass of water.
into this envelope we put his application, his references, and other papers.
many difficult problems arise as regards the verifiability of beliefs.
i tell you that the time was, when i loved him better than you ever did!
it was fortunate he had proceeded so far with his mystery, for we heard the coach stop at the little garden gate, which brought my aunt and dora home.
she came back at the end of a minute or two, and replied, dey ain't no sich person here.
they might drink together, and escape from the horror--escape for a while, come what would.
i warnt locked up as often now as formerly, but i wore out my good share of key-metal still.
whether it rains, and whether i bring my umbrella, are each severally matters of atomic fact, ascertainable by observation.
though not required by their religion, the double abstinence has had time to grow into a custom of their tribe; and custom, in the east, is a religion.
i was too sorrowful to discuss the question, which would possibly have been beyond me under any circumstances; and mr. omer took me back into the parlour, breathing with some difficulty on the way.
one's own experience, always a rich field, may be supplemented by experiences of neighbors and friends.
it attracted mr. lorry's eyes to carton's face, which was turned to the fire.
what has been my history, that i should be at the pains of entreating either them or you not to have it so!
we then turned back towards my chambers.
yet i held some station at murdstone and grinbys too.
the capitalist had a bad night, and was up to breakfast early.
then why, said mr. jaggers, do you come here?
from the first moment of this voyage, i wish mr. micawber to stand upon that vessels prow and say, enough of delay: enough of disappointment: enough of limited means.
such an analysis, when it is in the nature of a report, will presumably be in brief, tabulated form.
the prisoner sprang up with a reproachful look, but carton's hand was close and firm at his nostrils, and carton's left arm caught him round the waist.
nothing in the wood, and nothing in the straw, jacques?
i have been as sincere a worshipper of aurora as the greeks.
he had not a handsome face, but it was better than handsome: being extremely amiable and cheerful.
such a word is said to have a rich emotional connotation because it arouses strong feeling.
certainly, your having a profession, and being actually engaged in studying it, makes a difference.
he told me that he believed himself to have gone under the keel of the steamer, and to have been struck on the head in rising.
in other words, interpretation is the object rather than completeness of fact.
why, replied traddles, on whose attentive face a thoughtful shade had stolen, it was rather a painful transaction, copperfield, in my case.
this reception of a shattered fragment of the temple once called man--if i may be permitted so to express myself--bespeaks a heart that is an honour to our common nature.
said i. mr. wickfield is unwell in bed, sir, of a rheumatic fever, he returned; but miss wickfield, i have no doubt, will be happy to see old friends.
a half-reproachful fancy came into my mind, that he had been working at the dictionary without my help.
it may be advisable to superadd to the above, the statement that mrs. micawber is not in confidential possession of my intentions.
why, yes, your honor, i had-- what did you have?
most think that they are above being supported by the town; but it oftener happens that they are not above supporting themselves by dishonest means, which should be more disreputable.
and you go in, and you swoop upon it and you make your capital, and then there you are!
(by this time, mr. lorry dared to be pleasant with her, on occasion.)
give me a wildness whose glance no civilization can endure,as if we lived on the marrow of koodoos devoured raw.
when a name was called, its owner stepped apart into a spot reserved for those who were announced as being thus fatally recorded.
the generative energy, which, when we are loose, dissipates and makes us unclean, when we are continent invigorates and inspires us.
the intellect is a cleaver; it discerns and rifts its way into the secret of things.
my dear copperfield, he returned, pressing my hand, your cordiality overpowers me.
better not to mention the subject, anywhere or in any way, and to remove him--for a while at all events--out of france.
in order that a particular may count as an irregular appearance of a certain object, it is not necessary that it should bear any resemblance to the regular appearances as regard its intrinsic qualities.
but, although it was nearly midnight when i came out of the yard in a chaise, followed by what i had in charge, there were many people waiting.
to him alone, in the world with which he is acquainted, this freedom belongs; and in this lies his superiority to the resistless forces that control his outward life.
she tied a knot with flashing eyes, as if it throttled a foe.
i sent him a cable, this af'noon--thass one reason more why i'm goin' home.
an outline is not an ancient form of blind discipline, but rather a helping hand across the bogland of facts and ideas.
it was the always-vain endeavour to discharge my poor mother's trust that first brought my fatal presence near you.
also, he comes to know the full meaning of that overused and abused word--service.
what it is, i don't know; but there's a difference.
which was the signal for the dip of the oars.
she had reserved this last evening for her father, and they sat alone under the plane-tree.
in the first place, college spirit is not mere voice culture.
but why should not the new englander try new adventures, and not lay so much stress on his grain, his potato and grass crop, and his orchards,raise other crops than these?
and miss mills smiled thoughtfully, as who should say, ye mayflies, enjoy your brief existence in the bright morning of life!
he could turn cramp-bones into chessmen; fashion roman chariots from old court cards; make spoked wheels out of cotton reels, and bird-cages of old wire.
yet even for these levities with which his pages are so liberally besprinkled or bedaubed, some half-apology may be circumspectly urged.
it may, of course, be said that all inferences as to the future are in fact invalid, and i do not see how such a view could be disproved.
dick is a very remarkable man, exclaimed my aunt; and i always said he was.
a thousand or two of strikebreakers were brought in every night, and distributed among the various plants.
and of this, i noticed--the women-servants in the household were so intuitively conscious, that they always did such work themselves, and generally while he read the paper by the pantry fire.
he spent half an hour brooding over this--and then suddenly he straightened up and the blood rushed into his face.
to relieve the anxiety of any reader who imagines an impending elopement it may be stated in succinct truthfulness that we are bound on no such desperate venture.
when this is true, the very same relation relates the terms of the objective (namely the window and the door) as relates the images which mean them.
instants, therefore, are not among the data of experience, and, if legitimate, must be either inferred or constructed.
one, i paid for your articles, trot, my dear; and the other two i have by me.
is he one likely to lose his bearings when in his america the age-old problem again heaves in view?
you show on the map the pink or yellow or green space that is included within certain definite boundaries.
my own feeling is that they have rashly assumed the presence of thinking in cases where habit has rendered thinking unnecessary.
it really appeared to be simpler and better business to ignore the fact.
this fixed and stable starting point is usually the feature upon which the chief emphasis is placed.
i went again to the door, peered down the steep stair and over the crazy balustrade.
the people of all southern europe look upon a married clergy as not only irreligious, but unchaste, indecent, gross, disgusting.
if we bought a lobster, it was full of water.
the word 'idea' has acquired, in the course of time, many associations which are quite misleading when applied to plato's 'ideas'.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
if the work is to be effective he must keep in touch with scholars in other countries.
perhaps they are the nests of the chivin.
it was difficult to believe that a night so long to me, could be short to anybody else.
for emly, he said, as he put it in his breast.
among other things, these papers had pages full of comical pictures, and these were the main joy in life to little antanas.
his haggard eyes turned to defarge as if he would have transferred the question to him: but as no help came from that quarter, they turned back on the questioner when they had sought the ground.
we forgot, that night, to watch the sand in the glass which tells us when three hours have passed and it is time to return to the city theatre.
and on the ground beside her, when joe picked her up, was a convicts leg-iron which had been filed asunder.
there was a passionate dejection in his manner that quite amazed me.
this which you put seems to me not to be the most important question.
but she preyed upon our minds dreadfully.
now, however, owing to the labours of the mathematicians, notably georg cantor, it has appeared that the impossibility of infinite collections was a mistake.
almost all our common beliefs are either inferred, or capable of being inferred, from other beliefs which may be regarded as giving the reason for them.
there is no odor so bad as that which arises from goodness tainted.
and the objection that rises unbidden and declares us unfit to write expository biography because we have not ourselves known great men is false.
i could not dress myself without help; but i made up the fire, which was still burning, and got some coffee ready for them.
but it does not follow that the patch of colour is not also psychical, unless we assume that the physical and the psychical cannot overlap, which i no longer consider a valid assumption.
he had already inquired of aniele, and learned that elzbieta and her family had gone downtown, and so he gave no further thought to them.
if he weakly showed the least disposition to hear it, captain hopkins, in a loud sonorous voice, gave him every word of it.
it offers, in its own domain, the kind of satisfaction which the other sciences offer.
librarians are benevolent people, do not wish to choke you, and are glad to answer any reasonable question.
miss havisham sat listening (or it seemed so, for i could not see her face), but still made no answer.
it was a gentle action, but not at all gently done; a very remarkable transformation had come over him in a few seconds.
but what remains far from clear is the nature of the reconstruction required.
these new impulses are apt to be worse in their effects than those which have been checked.
the porter also receives his uniforms free after ten years of service, and in some cases of long service his pay may reach forty-two dollars a month.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
why didnt you tell me your opinion of me before we were married?
it was new and rather stiff, and that made him dubious.
his lungs are good enough, said my aunt, gaily, and his dislikes are not at all feeble.
we were seated by the fire, as just now described, and miss havisham still had estellas arm drawn through her own, and still clutched estellas hand in hers, when estella gradually began to detach herself.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
some examples will make these various possibilities clear.
so in a frenzy of despair marija began to claw her way toward the doors of this building, through a throng of men, women, and children, all as excited as herself.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
so thoroughly and sincerely are we compelled to live, reverencing our life, and denying the possibility of change.
early in the week, or say wednesday, you might do what you know of, if you felt disposed to try it.
they were of all sorts of racial extraction and of ages ranging through most of the teens.
he had learned by this time that packingtown was really not a number of firms at all, but one great firm, the beef trust.
still, in the case of some of these words, the operation of this principle has had, and is doubtless continuing to have, a certain influence.
but the central body didn't instruct the committee to go down very far into the treasury.
but one face, shining on me like a heavenly light by which i see all other objects, is above them and beyond them all.
i believe that the stuff of our mental life, as opposed to its relations and structure, consists wholly of sensations and images.
her family came forth in due course, and their young wings bore them out into the world.
he slowly shook the shadow off, and turned to her.
he never finished one of these romances; the lucky man did not require to!
she went out into the hall and jurgis followed, the policeman remaining to look under the bed and behind the door.
the wind might by this time have lulled a little, though not more sensibly than if the cannonading i had dreamed of, had been diminished by the silencing of half-a-dozen guns out of hundreds.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
paddy byrne, the hedge-schoolmaster, then took him in hand; and from paddy byrne he was transmitted to a clergyman at elphin.
i felt apprehensive that i was personally interested in this dialogue, and sought mr. murdstones eye as it lighted on mine.
but then, said traddles, our domestic arrangements are, to say the truth, quite unprofessional altogether, my dear copperfield.
i had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
many words have been granted me, and some are wise, and some are false, but only three are holy: i will it!
it was in no disposition for uriahs company, but in remembrance of the entreaty agnes had made to me, that i asked him if he would come home to my rooms, and have some coffee.
to interest readers is obviously the prime object in all popular writing.
i was standing by a minute, on the chance of company.
jane murdstone, thundered mr. murdstone.
life is eight parts cards and two parts play; the unseen world is made manifest to us in the play.
it is therefore necessary, in analysing a belief, to look for some other logical form than a two-term relation.
it would take a mint of money to beat e.j.
june was in full advance; it was the beginning of that season when the night has already lost her foothold of the earth and hovers over it, never quite descending, but mixing sunset with the dawn.
the remembrance of old times, my dearest annie--and so forth--its not there.
there is supposed to be one all-embracing space in which the motion takes place, and until lately we might have assumed one all-embracing time also.
conclusion to the sick the doctors wisely recommend a change of air and scenery.
but, his long-cherished desire to know more about these matters, not only stopped him in his running away, but lured him back again.
she refused to have her hair up; though she was nearly seventeen.
someone that i know, trot, my aunt pursued, after a pause, though of a very pliant disposition, has an earnestness of affection in him that reminds me of poor baby.
the appearance of a star at a certain place, if it is regular, does not require any cause or explanation beyond the existence of the star.
put your hand upon that piece of flesh--it is hot and quivering--just now it was a part of a man!
we cannot say what will happen after the man's death, through merely knowing that he has died as the result of arsenic poisoning.
now to do this will require exercise of the imagination, and if you find yours weak your first duty is to develop it.
it seems to be by no means an insoluble question, and we may hope that science will be able to produce sufficient grounds for regarding one answer as much more probable than the other.
we are not ignorant, sir, said mr. chillip, slowly shaking his little head again, down in our part of the country, of your fame.
now, in groping my way down the black staircase i fell over something, and that something was a man crouching in a corner.
dont let anything happen to the portable property.
if he dont bring me back a lady, and i dont pray for my own self, ill pray for all.
its such a delight to know that, when they suffer, they dont feel!
the poles, who had come by tens of thousands, had been driven to the wall by the lithuanians, and now the lithuanians were giving way to the slovaks.
how you spoke in soft, seductive accents of wonderful lilacs, and exquisite spireas, and sweet syringas, murmurous with bees!
the few examples given below suggest various possibilities for the use of these sources.
after the germs of virtue have thus been prevented many times from developing themselves, then the beneficent breath of evening does not suffice to preserve them.
second, how did he accomplish his purpose, well or ill?
long after i ought to have heard it, and long after i had fancied i heard it and found it but a fancy, all was still.
we were weary with sorrow and fatigue, and my aunt and i were to return to london on the morrow.
for i believe that climate does thus react on manas there is something in the mountain air that feeds the spirit and inspires.
why, they had put their very souls into their payments on that house, they had paid for it with their sweat and tears--yes, more, with their very lifeblood.
they all had a listless and dreary air of waiting somebodys pleasure, and the most talkative of the ladies had to speak quite rigidly to repress a yawn.
there is not a juncture in to-days affairs but some useful word may yet be said of it.
i was looking at the pictures in the fire, he returned.
the cases of dreams and fever-delirium are as hard to adjust to professor stout's modified criterion as to hume's.
there had been one son besides jurgis, and one sister.
her impatient attendant scolds her, tells her i am not in mourning, bids her look again, tries to rouse her.
leave your nephew here, for the present.
this is him as i have seen brought up by hand.
with both falls the color of the water is the ever-altering wonder.
another sable warder (a carpenter, who had once eaten two geese for a wager) opened the door, and showed me into the best parlor.
suddenly, he clapped his large hand on the housekeepers, like a trap, as she stretched it across the table.
and then they came, marching in fours, with their rifles at the slope, the vanguard of uncle sam's army.
i have found a pleasure, returned agnes, smiling, while you have been absent, in keeping everything as it used to be when we were children.
this was not a deed of sale at all, so far as he could see--it provided only for the renting of the property!
perhaps it seemed to me that i had several more lives to live, and could not spare any more time for that one.
the whisky had only half warmed him, and he could not sleep, exhausted as he was; he would nod forward, and then start up, shivering with the cold, and begin to remember again.
i had many a genial thought by the cabin fire as i sailed.
so many people know me here, and think kindly of me, that i am certain.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
nothing that he wore then fitted him or seemed to belong to him; and everything that he wore then grazed him.
he had checked off each bridge in its turn, with the handle of his safe-key on the palm of his hand.
not much, said mr. micawber, slightingly.
we now no longer camp as for a night, but have settled down on earth and forgotten heaven.
my lord (perhaps with george washington on his mind) showed some surprise that they were not agreed, but signified his pleasure that they should retire under watch and ward, and retired himself.
we must find a definition of it, if we are to feel secure in deciding that it is not fundamental.
but i've solved that difficulty by bending a piece of tin and setting it between the fire and the cooking vessel.
and to make it worse, they all asked me from time to time,in short, whenever they had nothing else to do,why i didnt enjoy myself?
it is a vice sometimes imputed to them by provincial critics who view literature from the office of a london weekly review or from the lecture rooms of american colleges.
the reversal of the two natures, in their relative positions, uriahs of power and mr. wickfields of dependence, was a sight more painful to me than i can express.
college training aims to develop the student's ability to observe accurately, to think logically, and to express his ideas clearly and effectively--all of which is vital to good special feature writing.
and i was so aggravated that i almost doubt if i did know.
but in so doing, and in considering the precedents and surroundings of the object of criticism, it largely escapes the superficiality of personal whim, and it avoids silly reaction to unaccustomed things.
again, they may be divided into those that are valveless, with the differential piston or hammer itself acting as a valve.
what are relevant ways depends upon the nature and purpose of the instrument.
a tanned skin is something more than respectable, and perhaps olive is a fitter color than white for a mana denizen of the woods.
my good soul, said mr. peggotty, shaking his head, you doent know what a long voyage, and what a hard life tis!
two or three times, the matter in hand became so knotty, that the jackal found it imperative on him to get up, and steep his towels anew.
it is probable, though not certain, that mnemic causation is derivative from ordinary physical causation in nervous (and other) tissue.
she also informed me that when i was dressed, i was to come downstairs into the parlour, and have my breakfast.
as to me, i sat on his left hand, and the rest were grouped about us, on the nearest beds and on the floor.
scully held an important party office in the state, and bossed even the mayor of the city, it was said; it was his boast that he carried the stockyards in his pocket.
so they put him to bed again, and sent for the doctor, as they ought to have done in the beginning.
mr. copperfield was only too good to me.
when i heard how he said it, and saw how he held her hand, i guessed what the one motive of his life was.
the family, wild with terror, sent for a doctor, and paid half a dollar to be told that there was nothing to be done.
theyre a great endeavor to be something forever; blank tablets of stone, where a traveler might groan, and in one sentence grave all that is known which another might read, in his extreme need.
now we had demonstrated that, even on the faculty of an eastern college, two persons could live on fifteen hundred.
the advantages of words for purposes of thought are so great that i should never end if i were to enumerate them.
my aunt concluded this philosophical summary, by fixing her eyes with a kind of triumph on agnes, whose colour was gradually returning.
moreover, the technical man gained a knowledge of the customer's requirements that furnished the best foundation for selling new equipment.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
the buzz of the great flies was loud again.
unless our philosophy hears the cock crow in every barn-yard within our horizon, it is belated.
as you are in no hurry, then, said steerforth, come home with me to highgate, and stay a day or two.
prosperously, but not noticeably otherwise; he thought, in black.
him that ive knowd so intimate so many years, and like so much.
i dont know how it was; it seldom looked well by candle-light.
you were hot and cold, and red and white, all at once when i spoke to you of her.
i thought him looking as villainous as ever, and i replied that i saw no change in him.
everybody says it is but one of several, and that there will be others--if there are not already--banishing all emigrants, and condemning all to death who return.
a foreseen volition will have to be one which does not become odious through being foreseen.
oh, what a writer mr. tidd is, master copperfield!
who will carry the good tidings to others, as i have carried them to him--priceless gift of liberty and light that is neither mine nor his, but is the heritage of the soul of man!
plenty of them are willing to sacrifice themselves--but not us.
we have to think of the house more than ourselves.
and that eldest young gentleman, now, said my aunt, musing, what has he been brought up to?
i want you to stand between rosa dartle and me, and keep us asunder.
we wanted to get rid of him, but he was very much attached to us, and wouldnt go.
there i saw him, lying on his back, with his legs extending to i dont know where, gurglings taking place in his throat, stoppages in his nose, and his mouth open like a post-office.
they will not do--they are no good to me.
you hadnt come into your good fortune at that time?
any of us confronted by a forgotten letter written some years ago will be astonished to find how much more foolish our opinions were than we had remembered them as being.
there was a gentleman here, yesterday, he said--a stout gentleman, by the name of topsawyer--perhaps you know him?
and jurgis would make the acquaintance of others of these unemployed men and find that they had all had the same experience.
my best room, however, my withdrawing room, always ready for company, on whose carpet the sun rarely fell, was the pine wood behind my house.
it would be a burning shame upon you, even now, if she and i exchanged a word.
i was glad to infer, from these slight premises, that mr. micawber was doing well; and consequently was much surprised to receive, about this time, the following letter from his amiable wife.
you may be certain that i laugh because they fail.
my eyes, however, not being so much under control as my tongue, were attracted towards my aunt very often during breakfast.
part of this they used to print sixty thousand cards.
shall i ever forget how the crack speaker walked off from me before i began, and left my imbecile pencil staggering about the paper as if it were in a fit!
i speak of fishing only now, for i had long felt differently about fowling, and sold my gun before i went to the woods.
secondly, you will find travel disappointing, and the east less fascinating than you had hoped--unless, some day, you hear that the wicked one has in turn been jilted.
one sunday night my mother reads to peggotty and me in there, how lazarus was raised up from the dead.
i have actually fished from the same kind of necessity that the first fishers did.
each of these is associated with a place.
all this printing and bill-posting was expensive for working girls.
they fade irrevocably out of my mind even now while i speak and endeavor to recall them, and recollect myself.
the mere having of an object in one's actual grasp gives an advantage.
horses to ride, and horses to drive, and horses for his servant to ride and drive as well.
cannon found that pain, fear and rage occurred in circumstances which affected the supply of adrenin, and that an artificial injection of adrenin could, for example, produce all the symptoms of fear.
there ought to be work a strong fellow like you can find to do, in the cities, or some place, in the winter time.
i stood awhile, looking through the porch at the stars, with a heart full of love and gratitude, and then walked slowly forth.
i daresay old peter knew as little about this as i do.
a day or two before thanksgiving day there came a snowstorm.
but she answered at last, and her light came along the dark passage like a star.
look to the front, and youll find no difference; look to the rear, and there it is still.
he looks out on life with a mingled scorn and pity--scorn for its passionate strivings for the unattainable, pity for its meanness and squalor.
while i deciphered it, steerforth continued to eat and drink.
this appeal of doras made a strong impression on me.
he would hound us to death, he said--then he said if i would--if i--we would all of us be sure of work--always.
by sending copies of his articles to a number of newspapers for simultaneous publication, a writer of special feature stories for newspapers may add to his earnings.
it is likely to have been a childish fancy, i replied.
and then some genial policemen appear and mother the people back into some sort of line, an action performed with little fuss or trouble.
but suddenly there came a whisper of soft feet on the landing, and a secret tap at the door.
i remember i used to look, in those days, upon every three-volume novel with a sort of veneration, as a featnot possibly of literaturebut at least of physical and moral endurance and the courage of ajax.
it appeared to have no companion in the universe,sporting there alone,and to need none but the morning and the ether with which it played.
we knew suddenly that this place was left from the unmentionable times.
the result is that readers are inclined to feel toward the person so described as they feel toward lincoln.
chiefly our revival of executive justice in the present century is one of those reversions to justice without law which are perennial in legal history.
dear boy, he returned, theres disguising wigs can be bought for money, and theres hair powder, and spectacles, and black clothes,shorts and what not.
i attached myself to a young creature in pink, with little eyes, and flirted with her desperately.
in the fated year i came to live with my father and mother at kinnaird, above pitlochry.
he didn't precisely remember where it was.
but mr. copperfield was teaching me-- [much he knew about it himself!)
it grows out of the night when dora died.
for whose sake would you reveal the secret?
all well, my dear, dear copperfield, and nothing but good news!
this was a common phrase of words which had a fair and promising sound, and i resolved to form doras mind.
this somewhat meagre conclusion must not be regarded as the whole outcome of our long discussion.
i was unwilling to mention her to you then, and i am now; but she is the person of whom i speak, and with whom i think we should communicate.
you said i hadnt turned out well, and compared me to him.
butler maintained that every man's work is a portrait of himself, and in his own case the features stand out ruggedly enough.
meanwhile the right culinary vessel was selected, water was seemingly distilled, and after consultation and long delay passed out to the thirsty one,not yet suffered to cool, not yet to settle.
it was a war of each against all, and the devil take the hindmost.
i called on the king, but he made me wait in his hall, and conducted like a man incapacitated for hospitality.
even in the most purely logical realms, it is insight that first arrives at what is new.
she come, white and hurried, upon emly in her sleep.
and one of the chief excuses for its existence is the flexibility of its service.
in her hand is the lighted torch which is to kindle her own death fire.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
i wonder whos put into prison-ships, and why theyre put there?
mr. rednose, admiral dewey; shake han's--hic.
i charge myself with him; let him remain with me; i will take care of him, and set him on his road.
he carried his head on one side, partly in modest depreciation of himself, partly in modest propitiation of everybody else.
she wondered if he cared for her as much as ever, if all this misery was not wearing out his love.
he was a little light-haired gentleman, with undeniable boots, and the stiffest of white cravats and shirt-collars.
it rests on the one hand upon duty to repair injury.
some papers could not be found; and he wrote to jack mbrair suggesting they might be among those sealed up by a mr. mackellar.
'no, sir,' says i, 'by thunder, and i don't need anybody goin' home with me, either--whujja take me for, hey?
why does it cry and resist before it is hurt?
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
for it matters not how small the beginning may seem to be: what is once well done is done for ever.
and at last took the blame upon himself, added my aunt; and wrote me a mad letter, charging himself with robbery, and wrong unheard of.
i had no intention of doing it, and i am sorry for it if i did.
many philosophers, it is true, have held that philosophy could establish the truth of certain answers to such fundamental questions.
(truth is sometimes like the furniture in through the looking glass, which could only be reached by resolutely walking away from it.)
it is only for a minute, anyway, for the leader starts up again, in spite of all the protests of the other two.
for a week i heard the circling, groping clangor of some solitary goose in the foggy mornings, seeking its companion, and still peopling the woods with the sound of a larger life than they could sustain.
the following extract from an essay by mr. dallas lore sharp illustrates the possibilities of both interest and truth.
the reins were broken, but they had been dragging on the ground.
you are a generous boy--i suppose i must say, young man, now--and i am proud of you, my dear.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
not a particle, your honor, said the boss.
here there was not room by the fire, and through the winter the kitchen had seldom been warm enough for comfort.
i made my exultant way to the old battery, and, lying down there to consider the question whether miss havisham intended me for estella, fell asleep.
my present name, though but slightly changed from my mother's, is not, as you will remember, my own.
the problem of the nature of judgment or belief may be taken as an example of a problem whose solution depends upon an adequate inventory of logical forms.
the following subjects are suggested as suitable for treatment in informal essays.
the secret of finding the right boy lies, first of all, in discovering what he wants to do; and, next, in judging whether or not he can do it.
but i do, and you must take my word for it.
that it is governed by habit and past experience.
dora gave me a reproachful look--the prettiest look!--and then began to sob, saying, if i didnt like her, why had i ever wanted so much to be engaged to her?
yet, a doubt lurks in my mind, miss pross, whether it is good for doctor manette to have that suppression always shut up within him.
in logic we are concerned with propositions rather than beliefs, since logic is not interested in what people do in fact believe, but only in the conditions which determine the truth or falsehood of possible beliefs.
i never knew, and never shall know, a worse man than myself.
and i observed, with great surprise, that he devoted it to staring in my direction as if he were lost in amazement.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
most men talk more freely and easily when they are not reminded of the fact that what they are saying is to be printed.
this similarity is a physical fact, not a matter of symbols or words; and it certainly seems to be indubitable in a way that many judgments are not.
and at last he flung out in his violent way, and said, with a d, then do as you like.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
this is not one of my best men; i am sure the ear is in the wrong place.
now, the whole place was, or it should have been, quite as delightful a place as ever; and yet it did not impress me in the same way.
that was mrs. chillips remark to me, only last week.
finally it came to be thought that no liability without fault was not merely common law but was natural law and that any legislative imposition of such liability was arbitrary and unreasonable in itself and hence unconstitutional.
then dont find fault with me, said dora, making a rosebud of her mouth; and ill be good.
there was such a malignant enjoyment in her utterance of the last words, and she broke into such a disagreeable laugh, that i was at a loss what to say.
when all are changed by a bodily movement, no place remains the same as it was.
some medical beast had revived tar-water in those days as a fine medicine, and mrs. joe always kept a supply of it in the cupboard; having a belief in its virtues correspondent to its nastiness.
but my hunger was satisfied; i had no need of anything more, and, as i thought of it, a strange feeling of surprise, a sort of bewilderment, came upon me.
so in the summer time they had all set out for america.
when i said that i only came to see how miss havisham was, sarah evidently deliberated whether or no she should send me about my business.
i had no apprehension whatever of my real danger; but i was conscious that there might be danger for others, if others were compromised by possessing the knowledge that i possessed.
now, joe, examining this iron with a smiths eye, declared it to have been filed asunder some time ago.
no; there are only two; mother and daughter.
one sometimes feels that he is carried a little past his destination by the sheer gusto and hilarity of his antitheses and paradoxes.
i suffered unspeakable trouble while i considered and reconsidered whether i should at last dissolve that spell of my childhood and tell joe all the story.
eager and prominent among them, one man with a craving face, and his fingers perpetually hovering about his lips, whose appearance gave great satisfaction to the spectators.
these are not the hands she knew, this is not the face she knew, this is not a voice she ever heard.
ona longed to cry out and tell her stepmother to stop, that it was all a trap; but there seemed to be something clutching her by the throat, and she could not make a sound.
at school i used to get good marks in most of my studies, but in arithmetic my mark was about sixty.
rumor said that he had been a soldier at waterloo.
but if i had been more fit to be married i might have made you more so, too.
this practice applies alike to news stories and to special articles.
hard luck, old man, he said, when they were alone; but maybe it's taught you a lesson.
we have experience of past futures, but not of future futures, and the question is: will future futures resemble past futures?
the same economic practices applied by little anna scheiring are at the present time being worked out in two thousand other new york homes whose daughters are pupils in the washington irving high school.
even when we confine ourselves to relations between two terms which are both imaged, it may be impossible to form an image-proposition in which the relation of the terms is represented by the same relation of the images.
i had had load enough upon my mind before the receipt of this strange letter.
for, as i draw closer and closer to the end, i travel in the circle, nearer and nearer to the beginning.
the public, represented by a boy with a comforter, and a shabby-genteel man secretly eating crumbs out of his coat pockets, was warming itself at a stove in the centre of the court.
whether i should be taken into custody, and sent to prison?
from that day on gawaine specialized in dragons.
to him, now entered charles darnay, at sight of whom he laid aside his book and held out his hand.
those whose opinions go by the name of public opinion, are not always the same sort of public: in america they are the whole white population; in england, chiefly the middle class.
if you loose dem now how you tink you feel den?
but i am sure it is, resumed my mother; and everybody knows it is.
but, i would not take it away while he was present.
mr. chillip was so alarmed by her abruptness--as he told my mother afterwards--that it was a mercy he didnt lose his presence of mind.
for jurists and philosophers do not make these theories as simple matters of logic by inexorable development of philosophical fundamentals.
herbert and i said together, o, no doubt they would improve.
i handed it dutifully to my aunt, who was in her usual inflexible state of figure; and ventured a remonstrance with her on the subject of her sitting on a box.
upon my honour, returned markham, town seems to sharpen a mans appetite.
and in five mile round--are mad against that girl.
i derived from this, that joes education, like steam, was yet in its infancy.
mrs. markleham fanned herself, and shook her head.
madame defarge being sensitive to cold, was wrapped in fur, and had a quantity of bright shawl twined about her head, though not to the concealment of her large earrings.
for rapid reading the prime requisite of a good sentence is that its grammatical structure shall be evident; in other words, that the reader shall be able at a glance to see the relation of its parts.
he had to fight often in these days to fight for a place near the factory gates, and now and again with gangs on the street.
they had never troubled me before, but they troubled me now, as vulgar appendages.
it was a cruel lesson; but then marija was headstrong--she should have listened to those who had had experience.
but i do not believe that when all these things cease the table ceases.
it is estimated that not fewer than forty-seven persons must have been accommodated with dinner at one time, exclusive of the company in the passage and on the stairs.
an author finds, however, that to gain the desired effect requires skillful manipulation on his part.
i have been very unhappy since she died.
then, my dear herbert, i cannot tell you how dependent and uncertain i feel, and how exposed to hundreds of chances.
i was on the point of asking him if he knew me, when he tried to stretch out his arm, and said to me, distinctly, with a pleasant smile: barkis is willin!
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
after a long silence, the head was lifted for another moment, and the voice replied, yes--i am working.
she might desire, i thought, after receiving my communication, to send some parting word by me to her unhappy lover.
this kept the truck waiting nearly an hour.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
it would have been better if jurgis had been really ill; if he had not been able to think.
forgive my curiosity; do you, under your new philosophy, graciously intend to live?
a car-load of drovers, too, in the midst, on a level with their droves now, their vocation gone, but still clinging to their useless sticks as their badge of office.
it was worth the while, if only to feel the wind blow on your cheek freely, and see the waves run, and remember the life of mariners.
i want, said defarge, who had not removed his gaze from the shoemaker, to let in a little more light here.
we walked on, arm-in-arm, again; found the coach in the act of starting; and arrived at highgate without encountering any difficulties by the way.
and the other replied, it's a go, then; i'm your man.
this is either insanity or intoxication, said miss murdstone, in a perfect agony at not being able to turn the current of my aunts address towards herself; and my suspicion is that its intoxication.
the first reader, accordingly, is scarcely more than a skilled sorter who separates the possible from the impossible.
they had made all the harvesting machines that the world needed, and now they had to wait till some wore out!
what if he had no curiosity, if he had not been a paper-maker, if he had not enjoyed acquaintance with voelter?
mr. wopsle struck in upon that; as one who knew all about relationships, having professional occasion to bear in mind what female relations a man might not marry; and expounded the ties between me and joe.
if they begin to get too low in lockport, the supply in sight is immediately reduced through action by the producers in shipping the stuff to niagara falls or buffalo by motor trucks.
the reason for it was that he wanted to keep awake.
the coroner, in mr. wopsles hands, became timon of athens; the beadle, coriolanus.
the third floor has been planned to meet many more requirements than are usually considered in a theatre.
philosophy may claim justly that it diminishes the risk of error, and that in some cases it renders the risk so small as to be practically negligible.
her manner was more winning than she had cared to let it be to me before, and i thought i saw miss havishams influence in the change.
my dear daisy--will you mind my calling you daisy?
she laughs and talks, and seems to like it.
his nature is truant; in repose it longs for change,--as on the journey it looks back for friends and quiet.
the old boat yonder-- will you desert the old boat, mr. peggotty?
you have had your bottle, i perceive, sydney.
it will be seen that the results and the attitude toward the law of property involved are much the same as those which are reached from the social-utilitarian standpoint.
there was only one mercy about the cruel grind--that it gave her the gift of insensibility.
he would laugh to himself as he ran down the line, darting a glance now and then at the man ahead of him.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
in order to see how it was possible, we must go more deeply into the question as to the nature of ideas.
this was first put into my head by his seeing a shoot that had come up in the night, and saying, what, captain tom?
maybe so, he responded, but not me--i'm afraid i'm in for it.
but i fear that he was not the wiser for all i told him, for every time i attempted to answer his questions he interrupted me by asking, what do you do here?
mr. wopsles great-aunt conquered a confirmed habit of living into which she had fallen, and biddy became a part of our establishment.
the only tenable ground of condemnation would be, that with the personal tastes and self-regarding concerns of individuals the public has no business to interfere.
she took mr. peggottys hat, and placed his seat for him, and spoke so comfortably and softly, that i hardly knew her.
confused, but sensible that something might depend on his presence of mind, he commanded himself, and was silently attentive.
oh dear me, dont suppose that i think anything!
the trampers were worse than ever that day, and inspired me with a dread that is yet quite fresh in my mind.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
do not, then, neglect the active life of your hero.
but its central point was max's detached insistence that we make marriage over into a purely utilitarian affair.
it was as if he had struck a knife into her.
i fell into a dull slumber before the fire, without losing my consciousness, either of the uproar out of doors, or of the place in which i was.
may be they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving.
that is, to explain the operation and advantages of such a law, we give, as one unit, the concrete example of this old man.
any girl who is bright and quick, who knows the ethics of being a lady, can hold this position and make better money at it than by teaching or clerking.
over this document the family pored long, while ona spelled out its contents.
all day he sat at a machine turning bolts; and then in the evening he went to the public school to study english and learn to read.
then, as mr. micawber very properly said, the first step to be taken clearly was, to come and see the medway.
perhaps, jurgis thought, this was intended to signify that it was his baby; that it was his and ona's, to care for all its life.
which i say, sir, replied joe, with an air of legal formality, as if he were making his will, miss a., or otherways havisham.
there is no doubt in our minds of the outcome.
i have lost no time, and since then, i have seen the spy.
said darnay, when they had listened for a while.
repeated my sister, more sharply than before.
be it so, assented miss lavinia, with a sigh--until i have had an opportunity of observing them.
what makes you suppose there is any young lady in the case, mrs. crupp?
this argument, to me historically, was directed against idealism: the emphatic part of it was the assertion that the colour is physical, not psychical.
the staunch old gentleman was still in his trust; had never left it.
epigram shows us truth in the embrace of a lie, and tales which are dramatized epigrams are subject to a like constraint.
ona was now making about thirty dollars a month, and stanislovas about thirteen.
it must have been somewhere between the two moments which we supposed consecutive, and therefore the two moments cannot really have been consecutive.
this was not only to repair and freshen up the new room but also to equip it with more expensive furnishing than i had felt myself justified in buying for the first.
in a passage already quoted from wilhelm von humboldt, he points out two things as necessary conditions of human development, because necessary to render people unlike one another; namely, freedom, and variety of situations.
i opened it, and read as follows: i have got your message.
such a one, only a few inches in size, will develop a surprising resistance.
elsewhere he is content to be his present self; there he is smitten with an equal regret for what he once was and for what he once hoped to be.
it was the same with the places at the desks and forms.
if elzbieta were ugly, he would tell her that in so many words.
how much of human life should be assigned to individuality, and how much to society?
how long, demanded madame, composedly, does it take to make and store the lightning?
we had started from yarmouth at three oclock in the afternoon, and we were due in london about eight next morning.
he carried the child over, and before the timid arm was loosed from his neck asked her for a kiss.
i have felt it incumbent upon me, master copperfield, said uriah, to point out to doctor strong what you and me have already talked about.
biddy sat quietly sewing, shedding no more tears, and while i looked at her and thought about it all, it occurred to me that perhaps i had not been sufficiently grateful to biddy.
beerbohm does not waste his time mimicking the small fry.
he leaned his elbow on the rough chimney-piece, and gazed upon a few expiring embers in the grate; but he raised his head, hopefully, on my coming in, and spoke in a cheery manner.
it should go like a black, hateful nightmare, and in the morning he would be a new man.
then both voices would seem to be stifled in a struggle, and then would break out again.
when his arms are laden with toys and no box is there, the word-habit arises and he calls 'box'; it is handed to him, and he opens it and deposits the toys therein.
of barges, sailing colliers, and coasting-traders, there were perhaps, as many as now; but of steam-ships, great and small, not a tithe or a twentieth part so many.
but in general she resigned herself to her mother, and went where the old soldier would.
we do not know why, when we think of them, we feel all of a sudden that the earth is good and that it is not a burden to live.
to have no stimulus external to the brain.
so we are not much alike in that particular.
my first care, after putting myself under this necessary course of preparation, was to find the doctors house.
say i am seventeen, and say that seventeen is young for the eldest miss larkins, what of that?
you thought her looking very beautiful tonight, master copperfield?
i had to go home with a friend, she panted--with jadvyga.
then, like the best of men, said miss pross, go to the posting-house straight, and make that change.
he was forever using his countless opportunities to study men.
it was not judicious, sir, i am willing to admit, said mr. mell.
the cause of your recollection must be both the peat-smoke and the past occurrence.
do you remember what you told me once, about her making all the apple parsties and doing all the cooking?
it is not in my power to retrace, one by one, all the weary phases of distress of mind through which i passed.
mr. micawber, at the then present moment, took a pull at his punch.
its hard, absolute optimism is repulsive to my mind by the menace of fanaticism and intolerance it contains.
i too felt a slumberous influence after watching him half an hour, as he sat thus with his eyes half open, like a cat, winged brother of the cat.
i am bound to believe you, and of course i do believe you, said mr. wickfield.
perhaps you think i did you a dirty trick running away as i did, marija-- no, she answered, i don't blame you.
this is, however, only a part of the truth concerning the uncertainty of philosophy.
she sunk down gently at the doctors feet, though he did his utmost to prevent her; and said, looking up, tearfully, into his face: do not speak to me yet!
peddlers with pushcarts lit by flickering flames, vie with each other in their array of gaudy neckties and bargain shirtwaists.
gott in himmel, it ought to be vorth more!
ever so fur she run, and there was fire afore her eyes, and roarings in her ears.
the hours are excessive, the work is beyond the boy's strength or is hazardous, and finally the lad withdraws without notice.
it follows that there must be other moments between any two given moments, and therefore that there must be an infinite number of moments in any given interval of time.
we alighted; and followed the plain coffin to a corner i remember well, where the service was read consigning it to the dust.
these we choose, as the mason chooses the acanthus to adorn his capital, because they come naturally to the accustomed hand.
but no two cases of negligence have been alike or ever will be alike.
i have an impression that they were to be contributed eventually towards the liquidation of the national debt, but i know i had no hope of any personal participation in the treasure.
if the inference from cause to effect is to be indubitable, it seems that the cause can hardly stop short of the whole universe.
she expected the agent to fly into a passion, but he was, to her bewilderment, as ever imperturbable; he even offered to go and get a lawyer for her, but she declined this.
the technicalities of steel and iron come easily off his tongue; they are his native speech, in which he expresses himself most intimately.
well, said joe, to tell you the truth, i aint much in the habit of drinking at anybodys expense but my own.
hence bergson's interpenetration of the present by the past, hegelian continuity and identity-in-diversity, and a host of other notions which are thought to be profound because they are obscure and confused.
he said, with exceeding gravity, pardon me, and proceeded, with a mixture of the lowest spirits and the most intense enjoyment, to the peroration of his letter.
wickfields plans, said the doctor, stroking his face, and looking penitently at his adviser.
how many cups of tea i drank, because dora made it, i dont know.
we might discover these laws by observation of social phenomena and might learn to submit to them intelligently instead of rashly or ignorantly defying them.
to which the cheerful aged replied, all right, john, my boy, all right!
the results in these cases were about the same.
allow me to inquire, miss trotwood, interposed miss murdstone, whom you are pleased to call, in a choice of words in which i am not experienced, my brothers instruments?
such a fear would palsy the hand of him who should attempt to weave even the treasury of facts in the following statement with an estimate of their significance.
knowing the sickening fate of industrial legislation in certain other states when tried before judges whose social vision is fifty years behind the times, the winners of this new bill began to wait tensely enough for its testing.
but no one who looks beneath the surface of our law reports can doubt that the attempt has failed wholly.
from information i have received, said he, looking round at us as we all quailed before him, i have reason to believe there is a blacksmith among you, by name josephor joegargery.
but the apotheosis of bottle-making is to be seen in another factory in the south jersey district.
i dont deny that she do throw us back-falls, and that she do drop down upon us heavy.
similarly, if cassio judges that desdemona loves othello, the constituents of the judgement are still the same, but their order is different.
he could not tell me that; he saw me, and over my shoulder he saw the man.
it could not move faster anyhow, on account of the state of the streets.
after the success of our book we were called to another college--a full professorship at three thousand a year!
we shall not ask this question and we shall not think it.
such a view, however, is not one which any serious psychologist would maintain.
the george was in other hands at that time, sir.
not yet, sir, i said, flinching with the pain.
at tellson's banking-house at nine, he said, with a musing face.
at last he began to pay me in halfpence at a time; and was full two hours getting by easy stages to a shilling.
even the scholar and the practical man of affairs find relaxation in the mystery of the detective story.
a trembling seized him, and his limbs bent as if for a spring.
as i passed the steps of the portico, i encountered, at the corner, a womans face.
janet, hire the grey pony and chaise tomorrow morning at ten oclock, and pack up master trotwoods clothes tonight.
sometimes my difficulties have--in short, have floored me.
i liked her better in the desert of sahara.
of course the line is difficult to draw--and perhaps not necessarily drawn--and most informal essays are to some extent, at least, analytical.
it is easily said that lincoln was a great democratic soul and a great humorist.
mrs. micawbers spirits becoming elevated, too, we sang auld lang syne.
i remember a certain famous occasion when you forced me to confess that you had been drinking.
nod away at him, if you please, like winking!
such a poor one, and so much in need of being taught herself!)
it may be all quite true, said i to biddy, but i admire her dreadfully.
i looked at her again by and by, and saw her shrink into her corner, and put her gloved hand to her forehead.
for the truth is, there are times when we are too weary to remain attentive and thankful under the improving eye, kindly but severe, of the seers.
that then my aunt had praised him highly, which he was glad of.
a complete logical development of the content implicit in each natural right would give a body of law adequate to every time and place.
i shall return to this subject in a later lecture, when we come to the analysis of belief.
surrounded by the rosy light, and standing high upon the deck, apart together, she clinging to him, and he holding her, they solemnly passed away.
you have manufacturers contriving tens of thousands of catchpenny devices, storekeepers displaying them, and newspapers and magazines filled up with advertisements of them!
i've been doing a fellow up, said jurgis, and i've got to get five hundred dollars' bail.
the third, and most cogent reason for restricting the interference of government, is the great evil of adding unnecessarily to its power.
you were at it by candle-light last night, when i was at the club, then?
as they abased themselves before him, mr. micawber took a seat, and waved his hand in his most courtly manner.
said i. i wouldnt go into that, said wemmick, evasively, it might clash with official responsibilities.
and still madame defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came nearer and nearer.
by this time, we were quite settled down in buckingham street, where mr. dick continued his copying in a state of absolute felicity.
she began to play.... you would not understand, i suppose, the intellectual emotion of the situation.
on her stupid, cross old peggottys arm again.
supposing nobody should ever fetch me, how long would they consent to keep me there?
as he held out his hand for the shoe that had been taken from him, mr. lorry said, still looking steadfastly in his face: monsieur manette, do you remember nothing of me?
and when does the ship sail, mr. micawber?
now you have begun to know me too, my young friend, and you may go.
i am thankful that this pond was made deep and pure for a symbol.
many of us give a large space in our conversation to such estimates on all conceivable subjects.
to the things apprehended by our acts of apprehension.
when, heaven knows, i would have died to have brought back her good name!
here we become involved in a somewhat puzzling entanglement of logic and psychology.
which of the criticisms, as judged from these headings, would be of most value to a reader of intelligence?
gawaine was so helpless with terror that the dragon's confidence rose immeasurably and it could not resist the temptation to show off a bit.
or if the hero never moves from a tiny hamlet, treads only one path--as pericles is said to have done between house and office during the great days of his power--the fact is significant.
literature is reprehensibly unpatriotic, even though its votaries are, as individual citizens, afflicted with local prides and hostilities.
he continued to pat me kindly on the shoulder, but he looked at him.
as i read about the noble boy who would not tell a lie to save himself from punishment, i was for the first time truly repentant of my sins.
and that night we knew that to hold the body of women in our arms is neither ugly nor shameful, but the one ecstasy granted to the race of men.
to show the fairer economic distribution.
all furnaces for the melting of sand for glass are essentially the same in construction and principle.
i saw, by the change in her face, that someone was advancing behind me.
i dont tell it you on information received.
in the following selection you will find an account of how an engineering problem was solved.
he had soaked hemlock leaves in water and drank it, and thought that was better than water in warm weather.
the pitchfork senator stood their fusillade of questions for about an hour, and then went home in disgust, and the balance of the meeting was a strictly party affair.
from this i rightly conjectured that no improvement had taken place since my last visit in the state of mrs. gummidges spirits.
the czar himself is powerless against the bureaucratic body; he can send any one of them to siberia, but he cannot govern without them, or against their will.
there were strange things which we had never seen and the use of which we do not know.
it aint that shes not as pretty as ever, for shes prettier--i do assure you, she is prettier.
an old woman, who had been employed about the house for some weeks past, while peggotty had been unable to attend to it, was the houses only other occupant besides myself.
betsey trotwood, said my aunt, who had always kept her money matters to herself.
beside, there were wafted to me evidences of unexplored and uncultivated continents on the other side.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
and last sunday it snowed again--a deep, deep snow--and i couldn't--couldn't get to work.
when he had done it, he resumed his seat and drank to my sister.
they were rich people who came to live there to find out about the poor people; but what good they expected it would do them to know, one could not imagine.
she did not raise her voice above her breath, or address us, but said this to the night sky; then stood profoundly quiet, looking at the gloomy water.
you see, he said, still hugging himself in that unpleasant way, and shaking his head at me, youre quite a dangerous rival, master copperfield.
she stopped, and listened to it as if it were music.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
said dora one night, when i met her eyes as i was shutting up my desk.
he saw that ona was not with them, and was full of foreboding as to what that might mean.
do you ever think of the home you have laid waste?
she said, turning on me with her lightning eyes.
far rather would i never see you again, dear solomon, though i have ever loved you truly, and ever shall.
they argue that the cause is not to be fitted to the rule but the rule to the cause.
contemporary short stories of the popular magazines.
the power manifest in these rapids moves one with a different sense of awe and terror from that of the falls.
mr. lorry leaned his arm upon the door-post, and bowed his face upon it.
i could have no other motive, trot, in keeping anything from you.
with each new plant the price of paper fell, until at one period it sold at one and a half cents a pound.
i was alone with her, when her forlorn young head drooped gently on one side, and all her earthly wrongs and sorrows ended.
he commanded again, and she put her hand into her pocket and pulled out a lump of coins tied in a bit of rag.
said my aunt, knitting her brows thoughtfully, and glancing at agnes.
i realized what the orientals mean by contemplation and the forsaking of works.
by the difference between nominative and accusative.)
your head is high, but our brothers cringe.
i thought it polite to remark that i was surprised to hear that.
pleasing presentation, however desirable, is secondary.
jurgis would have to wade through it to get home, and if it was late he might easily get stuck to his waist in the mire.
angry, i answered, with an involuntary imitation of his dark frown.
i expect i shall be forced to go to yarmouth, replied peggotty, and live there.
i expressed myself quite sure of that, and mr. barkis, turning his eyes more gently to his wife, said: shes the usefullest and best of women, c. p. barkis.
are infants to be nut-crackered into their tombs, and is nobody to save them?
goodness, as i had known it, was respectable, but not necessarily admirable.
but they whispered only: we have found you.... how did you come to be in the forest?
but, he spoke, and it was his voice; he took the prisoner's hand, and it was his real grasp.
* though this can only be decided by comparison with other members of the species, and thus exposes us to the need of comparison which we thought an objection to professor lloyd morgan's definition.
but if my jacket and trousers, my hat and shoes, are fit to worship god in, they will do; will they not?
it might be objected that a dirty pane of glass, for example, is visible although we can see things through it.
there was also the drift-wood of the pond.
there was no choice about this--whatever work there was to be done they had to do, if they wished to keep their places; besides that, it added another pittance to their incomes.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
i have made some sacrifices to a sense of duty, and among others have sacrificed this pleasure also.
if mr. copperfield should yet remember one unknown to fame, will mr. t. take charge of my unalterable regards and similar entreaties?
i feel it more than anybody else, said mrs. gummidge; im a lone lorn creetur, and she used to be amost the only thing that didnt go contrary with me.
a third form was recognized later, namely, property acquired through the use of self-acquired property.
a new word can be added to an existing language by a mere convention, as is done, for instance, with new scientific terms.
he even showed surprise when he saw mr. lorry, and was altogether in an absent and preoccupied state.
it would seem that cases of fallacious memory can probably all be dealt with in this way, i.e.
lying on the flat of his back like a drifting old dead flounder, heres your old bill barley, bless your eyes.
for the sake of her child and her father, press upon her the necessity of leaving paris, with them and you, at that hour.
and so, in sheer terror, the orchestra would strike up again, and marija would return to her place and take up her task.
for in the temple of his spirit, each man is alone.
in his search for subjects a writer will find numberless clues in newspapers.
it was shunned by most of the pusillanimous guests, but not by me, and it was excellent.
without doctor johnson, or somebody of that sort, we might have been at this present moment calling an italian-iron, a bedstead.
hatchets, knives, bayonets, swords, all brought to be sharpened, were all red with it.
and likewise, says emly, my uncles theer!
in his savage taunting, he flared the candle so close at me that i turned my face aside to save it from the flame.
the universe constantly and obediently answers to our conceptions; whether we travel fast or slow, the track is laid for us.
this action came out of niagara county, through the farm bureau.
i thanked him for his friendship and caution, and our discourse proceeded in a low tone, while i toasted the ageds sausage and he buttered the crumb of the ageds roll.
nowhere, indeed, has the deductive method broken down so completely as in the attempt to deduce principles upon which contracts are to be enforced.
in three months more, a year would have passed since the beginning of my sorrow.
said biddy, quietly raising her eyebrows; i am sorry for that; i didnt mean to be.
but the first boy seems to me a mighty creature, dwelling afar off, whose giddy height is unattainable.
if the result of this process is a fact, the proposition is true; if not, it is false.
i asked uriah if he had been with mr. wickfield long?
it were but lonesome then, said joe, living here alone, and i got acquainted with your sister.
motionless, rigid, staring; moaning in the same dumb way from time to time, with the same helpless motion of the head; but giving no other sign of life.
she is everything to me; more to me than suffering, more to me than wrong, more to me--well!
mrs. henry spiker was this ladys name; and her husband was there too: so cold a man, that his head, instead of being grey, seemed to be sprinkled with hoar-frost.
moreover, he was a boy whom no man could hurt; an invulnerable and dodging serpent who, when chased into a corner, flew out again between his captors legs, scornfully yelping.
it's an economic waste of superior ability.
it is not because men's desires are strong that they act ill; it is because their consciences are weak.
all your senses are keyed to the last vibrations.
is there any lack of imaginative sympathy on the part of thackeray?
in sober truth, whatever homage may be professed, or even paid, to real or supposed mental superiority, the general tendency of things throughout the world is to render mediocrity the ascendant power among mankind.
philosophy is general, and takes an impartial interest in all that exists.
* i owe this way of looking at the matter to my friend ludwig wittgenstein.
about the only criticism i heard against the farm bureau of niagara county was that peet was the wrong man.
they hated the bosses and they hated the owners; they hated the whole place, the whole neighborhood--even the whole city, with an all-inclusive hatred, bitter and fierce.
she had a little money, but it was less than little as they would take for all they done.
i reflected for some time, and then answered as if i had discovered a new idea, i mean pretty well.
it also was a hemlock, that stood in a niche in a wall of hoary, moss-covered rocks thirty feet high.
a man in blue livery stood holding it, and gazing before him, silent as a statue.
i will forgive you, agnes, i replied, when you come to do steerforth justice, and to like him as well as i do.
the facts are sensational enough without any picturesque exaggeration.
your reputation is high, and, as a young man with your fortune to make, you are probably mindful of your interest.
vague identity, which is really close similarity, has been a source of many of the confusions by which philosophy has lived.
convenient translation of the parts relating to law in aquinas ethicus.
and when you talk of mr. murdstones good intentions-- i never talked of em, said peggotty.
trotwood, said mr. dick, laying his finger on the side of his nose, after he had shaken hands with me.
in each circuit there is an interrupter that breaks up the current into pulsations, or waves, of sufficient frequency to produce a musical note in the receiver.
i suppose this unfortunate fowl was born and brought up in a cellar, said my aunt, and never took the air except on a hackney coach-stand.
said monsieur defarge, looking down at the white head that bent low over the shoemaking.
i sought to recollect what she had said, when i had spoken to her on that former night, of her affection needing no return.
so far, there is nothing particularly repugnant to our prejudices in the conclusions of the behaviourists.
then, when your articled time is over, youll be a regular lawyer, i suppose?
said i. i asked her, and looked curiously at her, because she looked so curiously at me.
it was ten oclock at night before we ventured to creep in again, and then she asked joe why he hadnt married a negress slave at once?
a sudden deep rumble from within the sinking ship warns the destroyer captain to go ahead.
the new hands were here by the thousands.
but this is only a speculation, upon which i do not wish to lay too much stress.
i have committed follies, gentlemen, said uriah, looking round with a meek smile, and i ought to bear the consequences without repining.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
i have an association with the name--and with the face.
they are not to be expected to be as sensitive as we are.
i say to you, sir, you air a going to joseph.
i suppose you make it twenty pounds, said i, smiling.
since it is the answers, however, and not the questions, that will interest readers, the questions in the completed article should be subordinated as much as possible.
a man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
let us spend our lives in conceiving then.
she might think a thousand things, carton said, and any of them would only add to her trouble.
they are aided from an unexpected quarter.
thank goodness it will always be a consolation to me to know that i instantly went out in a pouring rain and bought the things.
casting his eyes over gabelle's letter, the same personage in authority showed some disorder and surprise, and looked at darnay with a close attention.
he entered the courtyard and remained there for a few moments alone, looking up at the light in the window of her room.
as it was, she merely stipulated, if you bring the boy back with his head blown to bits by a musket, dont look to me to put it together again.
on somebodys motion, we resolved to go downstairs to the dress-boxes, where the ladies were.
i have done quite sufficient for my purpose.
remarked camilla, amiably repressing a sob, while a hitch came into her upper lip, and her tears overflowed.
having lent him a night-cap, which he put on at once, and in which he made such an awful figure, that i have never worn one since, i left him to his rest.
the nervousness and dread that were upon him inspired that vague uneasiness respecting the bank, which a great change would naturally awaken, with such feelings roused.
suppose i havent got it, he interrupted.
exclaimed mr. wickfield, wringing his hands.
not understanding what he meant, i repeated inquisitively: came to an end, mr. barkis?
mourning untimely consumes the sad; few are their days in the land of the living, beautiful daughter of toscar.
dont speak to me, for i find my nerves a little shaken!
but towards morning she slept better, and suffered me to do so too.
it aint that she dont work as well as ever, for she does.
in the act, my dear annie, repeated mrs. markleham, spreading the newspaper on her lap like a table-cloth, and patting her hands upon it, of making his last will and testament.
at least once a week, and sometimes oftener, i rode over there, and passed the evening.
thus the word occurs in the belief as a symbol, in virtue of its meaning, whereas the noise enters into both the belief and its objective.
after two days' study the salesman reported that motor trucks were practicable and that he needed about five of them.
but she sat perfectly still in his grasp, and only said, in a low voice, i entreat you, good gentlemen, do not come near us, do not speak, do not move!
miss betsey trotwood, said the gentleman, pray walk in.
lord bless you, sir, well we knows that!
there was something fearful in the reality of it.
we went to an hotel by the sea, where two gentlemen were smoking cigars in a room by themselves.
i had heard them, alone at the bedside, striking their boots with their riding-whips, and loitering up and down.
the doctrine of final causes, on the contrary, will never be definitively refuted.
it is, however, still no more than a rough generalization, a statistical average.
its the parting from her old playfellow and friend--her favourite cousin--that has done this.
his bright glance went merrily round the room, as he took the seat on the sofa opposite to me, which mrs. micawber had recently vacated, and stirred the fire into a blaze.
certainly if you face the setting forth of the life of some large figure of the past you have a fascinating pageant to unriddle, to centralize.
and she brought home riotous stories of her adventures.
so far, our answer has been that we are acquainted with our sense-data, and, probably, with ourselves.
there was a light in the window of mrs. strongs chamber, and agnes, pointing to it, bade me good night.
avoiding the larger rooms, which were dark and made fast for the night, monsieur the marquis, with his flambeau-bearer going on before, went up the staircase to a door in a corridor.
the principles of inference are apt to be overlooked because of their very obviousness--the assumption involved is assented to without our realizing that it is an assumption.
he has invented not one, but two new guns.
sanya glided to the door, opened it, and disappeared.
the wonder is how they, how you and i, can live this slimy, beastly life, eating and drinking.
the more significant the quoted statement, the more effective will be the introduction.
jurgis stood stricken dumb, and his heart gave a leap like a mad thing.
one woman i talked to told me that she studied out her problem in this way!
it is the most pathetic sight of all, the surviving and bewildered bees struggling to save a few drops of their wasted treasures.
if the room had remained unchanged, we might have had only the feeling of familiarity without the definite remembering; it is the change that drives us from the present to memory of the past.
all acquisition of knowledge is an enlargement of the self, but this enlargement is best attained when it is not directly sought.
here, too, is a kitchenette which will be used to serve refreshments when social gatherings are in progress or when an over-long rehearsal tires out the cast.
i showed him over the establishment, not omitting the pantry, with no little pride, and he commended it highly.
i mark its still tender, civil, cheerful, lilac colors.
they paid for their wine, and left the place.
the more familiar he is with the periodical the better are his chances of having his contribution accepted.
with an axe we cut away the outer ring of live wood and exposed the treasure.
miss dartle softly touched her, and bent down her head to whisper, but she would not hear a word.
you ought to see the eatin's folks has brought us!
i acted in the capacity of backer, or best-man, to the bridegroom; while a little limp pew-opener in a soft bonnet like a babys, made a feint of being the bosom friend of miss skiffins.
but joe had got the idea of a present in his head and must harp upon it.
as if this poor little innocent in its cradle had ever done any harm to you or anybody else, you jealous thing!
it is only when he is quite alone that he drops his jaw, and stretches his legs; then heigho!
it is, in a great measure, a question of detail, in which many and various considerations must be kept in view, and no absolute rule can be laid down.
peggottys answer soon arrived, and was, as usual, full of affectionate devotion.
it will be seen that no sentence can be made up without at least one word which denotes a universal.
both have been accepted by the united states government, contracts for immense numbers of each have been signed, and work of production is being pushed night and day.
i am a wretched being, cut off from everything that makes life tolerable.
their justice--it was a lie, it was a lie, a hideous, brutal lie, a thing too black and hateful for any world but a world of nightmares.
the manner in which, as in the features and character of a human face, the inner truth is foreshadowed for those who know how to look at their kind.
part with the child, unless it should be necessary to produce it to clear you, and then it shall be produced.
these organizations usually pay well for acceptable manuscripts.
i see her evry day, and doent know; but, odd-times, i have thowt so.
so jurgis thought, and so he spoke, in his bold, free way; very much to his surprise, he found that it had a tendency to get him into trouble.
so spoke aniele, scornfully, and when he started toward the fire she added the information that her kitchen was no longer for him to fill with his phosphate stinks.
i only know that i found myself, with a perseverance worthy of a much better cause, making the most strenuous exertions to compress it within those limits.
as the names of the poles and russians are to us, so are ours to them.
he returned so fiercely, that i saw my mother involuntarily put out her trembling hand as if to interpose between us.
and there were hundreds who looked and felt just like him, and who had been wandering about packingtown for months begging for work.
these covered the expense both to the employers and to the city.
danl, my good man, said she, you must eat and drink, and keep up your strength, for without it youll do nowt.
nothing to grumble at, you know, said mr. omer.
i think, masr davy, i know wheer to look.
in view of the fallibility of all human beliefs, this service seems at least as important as the purely logical services rendered by philosophical analysis.
nothing at all, sir, replied mr. maldon.
demanded mr. creakle, turning angrily on his assistant.
spoken and written words are, of course, not the only way of conveying meaning.
it is, in a sense, the converse of memory instead of having first sensations and then images accompanied by belief, we have first images accompanied by belief and then sensations.
georgiana, whom i had seen at miss havishams on the same occasion, also turned up.
even in our professional correspondence, said mr. micawber, glancing at some letters he was writing, the mind is not at liberty to soar to any exalted form of expression.
angle-worms are rarely to be met with in these parts, where the soil was never fattened with manure; the race is nearly extinct.
you only need sit still long enough in some attractive spot in the woods that all its inhabitants may exhibit themselves to you by turns.
whatever road i take, the guiding star is within me; the guiding star and the loadstone which point the way.
here and there about the alleys galloped men upon horseback, booted, and carrying long whips; they were very busy, calling to each other, and to those who were driving the cattle.
the russo-japanese war is a more original subject and derives its particular flavor from the airy grace with which sir ian hamilton has described it.
she laughed contemptuously, pushed me out, and locked the gate upon me.
it was the first check in the evolution of the perfect machine.
and solange stopped her chattering and looked at madame.
confucius says truly, virtue does not remain as an abandoned orphan; it must of necessity have neighbors.
traddles imitated me in the first particular, but did not consider himself a sufficiently old friend to venture on the second.
the barrister was keen enough to divine that the banker would not have gone so far in his expression of opinion on any less solid ground than moral certainty.
when they operate without the medium of images, this seems to be a telescoped process.
still more, when his mourning at is unfortunately made so small as that the weight of the black feathers brings it off, try to keep it on how you may.
practical helps we have said that criticism of literature and art seems to be more difficult than criticism of machines and buildings and commercial systems.
for whom do i live now, agnes, if it is not for you!
but its most precious contents were two half-crowns folded together in a bit of paper, on which was written, in my mothers hand, for davy.
by and by the train stopped again, and jurgis sprang down and ran under the car, and hid himself upon the truck.
i doent know why i do so much as mention of it now, im sure.
she had about made up her mind that she was a lost soul, when somebody told her of an opening, and she went and got a place as a beef-trimmer.
time has stolen on unobserved, for adams is not the head-boy in the days that are come now, nor has he been this many and many a day.
the world is an attempt to make the best of both.
for a few minutes the child retained his sitting posture as if nothing extraordinary had happened.
it is only mnemic phenomena that embody experience.
but about the respectable business first, said my aunt.
i complied, in a very uncomfortable state, and with a warm shooting all over me, as if my apprehensions were breaking out into buds.
little emly came and sat beside me on the locker for the only time in all that visit; and it was altogether a wonderful close to a wonderful day.
the ice in the pond at length begins to be honey-combed, and i can set my heel in it as i walk.
but, it beckoned him back in his sleep, and showed itself in shining forms.
it was very small, very dark, very ugly, very incommodious.
but you will not thereby have disposed of cooper.
* * * * * of course the phonopticon is yet in the laboratory stages, but it offers every prospect of practical success, and its possibilities are untold.
then criticize the other statement that the necessary thing is to make young people into fine personalities, into true gentlemen and gentlewomen.
seeing him in the distance, i have turned and fled, to escape the necessity of saluting, and, still more, a quiver of the nerves which affected me so painfully.
while i advanced in friendship and intimacy with mr. dick, i did not go backward in the favour of his staunch friend, my aunt.
i saw in this, a reason for her being beforehand assigned to me.
her father sat silent, with his face bent down.
i have a presentiment that if no other innocent atonement is made for this, it will one day be required of him.
god knows as i forgive you, if i have anythink to forgive!
on my telling him my name, he was really moved.
if i had been cool, perhaps i shouldnt have called him a beggar.
young jerry, who had only made a feint of undressing when he went to bed, was not long after his father.
next he cries, shell put it on me, and then im done for!
i didnt stop for life, dear boy and pips comrade, being here.
one by one the children grew up and entered more or less successful careers of their own....
the botanist wishes to state something which is just as much a fact when he gives the number of petals in a flower as when he gives its colour.
and we shall join our hands when we wish, or walk alone when we so desire.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
no one of the four theories of enforcing promises which are current today is adequate to cover the whole legal recognition and enforcement of them as the law actually exists.
the dilettante lives an easy, butterfly life, knowing nothing of the toil and labor with which the treasures of knowledge are dug out of the past, or wrung by patient research in the laboratories.
this convinced us that something great was to happen, and threw me into an unusual flutter when i repaired to my guardians office, a model of punctuality.
miss havisham would often ask me in a whisper, or when we were alone, does she grow prettier and prettier, pip?
with the voice of all your wrongs, with the voice of all your desires; with the voice of your duty and your hope--of everything in the world that is worth while to you!
then he knows he has passed the tree, and he retraces his steps to a convenient distance and tries again, and thus quickly reduces the space to be looked over till the swarm is traced home.
thus things came to be subjected to individual control.
now i am convinced, myself, and this i have pointed out to mr. micawber several times of late, that things cannot be expected to turn up of themselves.
although we appeared at the stipulated place a quarter of an hour before the time, we found mr. micawber already there.
its his only compensation for the outward restraints he puts upon himself.
i was coming to that, said mr. thomson: fate has put it in my power to honour your arrival with something really original by way of dessert.
the buckets scrape the soil at the bottom, raise the dbris to the surface and discharge it into barges or conveyors so as to send it to its final destination.
some pitying hand may find it there, when i and my sorrows are dust.
certainly, my dear jane, faltered my mother, meekly.
when i go to work by the day it's little that's cooked at home.
he repeated the question, louder and yet more harshly.
mr. dick took out his pocket-handkerchief, and wiped his eyes.
she presently rose from her seat, and looked about the blighted room for the means of writing.
i pursued with a paddle and he dived, but when he came up i was nearer than before.
look at that paper you hold in your hand.
the interview has several obvious advantages.
and i cant bear to hear you provoking the gentlemen, and endangering of yourself more.
i was sorry, david, i remarked, said mr. murdstone, turning his head and his eyes stiffly towards me, to observe that you are of a sullen disposition.
from this book i have taken the two closing sections, which form a beautiful and significant whole.
i sprung out of bed, and asked, what wreck?
let this be your name, my golden one, for you are to be the mother of a new kind of gods.
i told you you had a remarkable face, mr. barsad, observed carton, coolly.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
we saw reasons to reject this view in general; we are now concerned to show that it must be rejected in the particular case of sensations.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
she treated me as a boy still, but she lured me on.
when you go downstairs, tell agnes so, and send her up to me; and while i speak to her, let no one come--not even aunt.
jurgis took hold of the railing of the steps, for he was a little unsteady.
the gentle rain which waters my beans and keeps me in the house to-day is not drear and melancholy, but good for me too.
precautions of a similar nature might be enforced in the sale of articles adapted to be instruments of crime.
so now you know what youve got to expect.
which was not at all what i meant, for i had intended my question to apply to his means.
i believe there never existed in his station a more respectable-looking man.
they aint so easy concerning me here, dear boy,wouldnt be, leastwise, if they knowed where i was.
the scene shifted right at the moment of the excitement, and lo!
it was a scene of wild confusion, women shrieking and wringing their hands and fainting, and men fighting and trampling down everything in their way.
mr. cruncher's attention was here diverted to the door-keeper, whom he saw making his way to mr. lorry, with the note in his hand.
we should come home from far, from adventures, and perils, and discoveries every day, with new experience and character.
notes must drive toward unity and away from chaos.
therefore i gave him one of my three bright shillings, which he received with much humility and veneration, and spun up with his thumb, directly afterwards, to try the goodness of.
i quickened my pace, and, passing among them, wondering at their looks, went hurriedly in.
free-lance writers of reputation may be asked by magazine editors to prepare articles on given subjects.
i thought this sentiment so incompatible with the establishment of any system of check on mary anne, that i frowned a little.
for i was in earnest, trot, if ever a woman was.
we could not live without them, and our earth, without their humble services, would no longer be habitable.
but we cannot be nearly so certain that they will not ultimately be brought under the laws of physics.
a stimulus occurring once has a certain effect; occurring twice, it has the further effect of recognition.
the day being very fine, she was glad to come out of the chariot, which smelt (i had my head in it all this time) like a stable put under a cucumber-frame.
my sister was in her cushioned chair in her corner, and biddy sat at her needle-work before the fire, and joe sat next biddy, and i sat next joe in the corner opposite my sister.
but ever do our eyes return to that black patch upon the sky.
even if he were not naturally shy, social courage would soon have been sapped in him, and would in time have been destroyed, by experience.
he tried to persuade his father to have nothing to do with the offer.
i could not help blushing as i declined, for i felt we were on my weak point, now.
releasing his arm, she laid her hand upon his shoulder.
the tunnel was a peculiar one for telephone wires; it was about eight feet high, and with a level floor nearly as wide.
they passed over the pond toward fair haven, seemingly deterred from settling by my light, their commodore honking all the while with a regular beat.
but the time which b and c take to reach the position of a is the same.
it is just the time, said i. i waited for it at the gate.
all the clothing that was to be had in the stores was made of cotton and shoddy, which is made by tearing old clothes to pieces and weaving the fiber again.
sometimes it seems to me as if i were following a bird, a bright bird that sings sweetly as it floats about from one place to another.
then they glanced at us over their shoulder, as we felt as if a hand had touched our body, slipping softly from our lips to our feet.
let it deceive them, then, a little longer; it cannot deceive them too much.
nor yet we cant no more hold their tide than i can hold this.
you always make me so, said ham, my dear!
instinct, like all human faculties, is liable to error.
this is a small sop, however, to lemuel.
that no sensation is ever completely public, results from differences of point of view.
they never could have been, i think, as good as they have been to me, if i had taken them from any other hands.
when i raised my face again, there was such a ghastly look upon miss havishams, that it impressed me, even in my passionate hurry and grief.
as to the nature of the case, our confidence in your skill assures us that you will ascertain it for yourself better than we can describe it.
well then, i'll tell you, said stryver, coming slowly into a sitting posture.
or you may survive the sentence and the article, and live twenty, fifty, eighty years longer.
how somebody, lying in my bed, lay saying and doing all this over again, at cross purposes, in a feverish dream all night--the bed a rocking sea that was never still!
a final step is to put it in terms of reparation.
in my love-lorn condition, my appetite languished; and i was glad of it, for i felt as though it would have been an act of perfidy towards dora to have a natural relish for my dinner.
i will be a friend to you, in spite of you.
nobly she has held afloat to the debarking of the last man.
the opportunities for service offered to women by small daily newspapers are set forth in the story below, by means of the personal experiences of one woman.
joe, i interrupted, pettishly, how can you call me, sir?
i hope you have both brought appetites with you?
jurgis was called upon to do the beating, and as it hurt his foot he did it with a vengeance; but it did not tend to add to the sweetness of his temper.
and there were always checks for birthdays.
(voluntary movements are defined as those vital movements which are distinguished from reflex movements as involving the higher nervous centres.
i was moved by no interested or selfish motive, nor was i moved by fear of him.
i believed, from the solitary and thoughtful way in which my mother murmured her song, that she was alone.
the sun shone dora, and the birds sang dora.
my aunt nodded confirmation of this hope, and imparted great satisfaction to mr. peggotty.
so mr. strickland, in conjunction with his regular work, kept an eagle eye on a few orchards and would notify the owners when it seemed the moment for spraying had come.
do you suppose it will still be years hence, mr. jaggers?
conciseness in titles is imposed on the writer by the physical limitations of type and page.
i got into a quarrel with a foreman--not my own boss, sir--and struck him.
or, finally, you can state the root idea, sometimes appearing as purpose or significance, and then expand it.
a young lady's walking shoe, he muttered, without looking up.
my dear mama, said mrs. strong, never mind that now.
its a stupid name, she said, shaking her curls for a moment.
the more complicated homes run several shifts of workers, coming in at different hours and covering every need of the day.
therefore our princely benefactors were regarded not only as nobler but as the nobility.
that, he returned, is my deliberate opinion in this office.
if you won, so much the better; if you lost--at any rate, it was your own business.
i wish such things to be left to free effort, as at present.
then you have done all you have got to do.
write on; there are but a few words more.
you look as if you'd been up against it!
but i would say to my fellows, once for all, as long as possible live free and uncommitted.
after his introduction giving the striking results of the school in a summary lead, it seemed logical to explain the firm's purpose in undertaking this unusual enterprise.
as mr. thomson is a married man, i will not say what hour had struck when we laid down the last of the following pages; but i will give a few words of what ensued.
the only spark of encouragement in the case, was, that my hand upon the sufferer's breast had this much soothing influence, that for minutes at a time it tranquillised the figure.
you ought to make the beautiful efficiency, the exquisite humming life of the thing, its poise, its athletic trimness so take hold of the reader that his imagination will be fired, his interest thoroughly aroused.
i too would fain be a track-repairer somewhere in the orbit of the earth.
but such strength and recklessness of impulse is rare.
she liked nothing better than to fill the car full of long-legged high school boys and an occasional girl, and parade the town.
(when i married your sister, sir, i said i will; and when i answered your friend, pip, i said i am.)
i was carried off, by force of arms, said steerforth, the very next morning after i got home.
in previous years i had often gone prospecting over some bare hill-side, where a pitch-pine wood had formerly stood, and got out the fat pine roots.
then i raced into brick lane, and out into the brilliance of commercial street.
he went straight to graham's fertilizer mill, to see if he could get back his job.
mr. peggotty, standing with one hand on the gunwale of the boat, and his eyes cast down, put his disengaged hand before his face.
presently i saw his blue lips again, breathing on the tinder, and then a flare of light flashed up, and showed me orlick.
but out of their wages and out of raffles and entertainments the league had a small reserve.
but, the same consideration that suggested him, repudiated him; he lived in the most violent quarter, and doubtless was influential there, and deep in its dangerous workings.
some purely arithmetical peculiarities of infinite numbers have also caused perplexity.
that principle is, that the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection.
however, you have found me out, you says just now.
when poor mrs. micawber saw me come in, in my black clothes, she was sensibly affected.
but the infinity of a series consists just in this, that it can never be completed by successive synthesis.
jurgis waited outside and walked home with marija.
or, to turn back a moment from the giants to the minnows, take the case of a woman with the knack of cutting out a dress.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
no, pip, joe assented, as if he had been contending for that, all along; and what i say to you is, you are right, pip.
the question how far human volitions are subject to causal laws is a purely empirical one.
if this be so, the sooner such a civilisation receives notice to quit, the better.
never you trouble your head about this man, retorted the contentious mr. cruncher; you'll have trouble enough with giving your attention to that gentleman.
i discovered this, from overhearing the lady in the bow-window say to the guard, take care of that child, george, or hell burst!
a shrill sound of laughter and of amused voices--voices of men, women, and children--resounded in the street while this wine game lasted.
carelessly worn, it was a becoming robe enough, in a certain weird way, and her dark hair looked rich under her coarse red cap.
for all refutation must begin with some piece of knowledge which the disputants share; from blank doubt, no argument can begin.
the husband was come home, then; and the two together put her aboard a small trader bound to leghorn, and from that to france.
mr. micawber immediately reappeared, and shook hands with me again.
one might walk among these and take his choice: hot pea-soup and boiled cabbage today.
he is a good child, this mender of roads, called jacques.
joe caught up his hat again, and ran with them to the jolly bargemen to restore them to their owner.
acts injurious to others require a totally different treatment.
the conclusions at which we have arrived may be summed up as follows: i.
the desire to establish this or that result, or generally to discover evidence for agreeable results, of whatever kind, has of course been the chief obstacle to honest philosophising.
she drew out a dirty rag, in one corner of which she had something tied.
he declares that men abolished the negative community by mutual agreement and thus established private ownership.
suppose that in the end you had an abstract memory-image of the different appearances presented by the negro on different occasions, but no memory-image of any one of the single appearances.
and gradually i became aware that on the faces of these grim men was written an emotion almost too deep for expression.
she had not been in bed, i found, for a long time.
an excellent example of the first is duguit's deduction from social interdependence through similarity of interest and through division of labor.
black though it may prove, like the coast, when discovered.
a memory-image of a particular occurrence, when accompanied by a memory-belief, may be said to mean the occurrence of which it is an image.
in the following characterization of the historian green by his friend the rev.
drawing, though, is much more difficult.
personality sketches sometimes include long interviews giving the person's opinions on the subject on which he is an authority.
mr. pumblechook, with a fat sort of laugh, said, ay, ay?
it appeared to me that the gentleman in spectacles backed his twenty eight against mr. creakles twenty seven, for each of them took his own man in hand.
no physical pain that her fathers grey head could have borne, i think, could have been more terrible to me, than the mental endurance i saw compressed now within both his hands.
they refuse to sell or to accept the government money for their valuable oil lands.
with a menacing look at the turnkey he crawled upon the hearth, and, peering up the chimney, struck and prised at its sides with the crowbar, and worked at the iron grating across it.
in this account of american soldiers in london the truth is made clear, but far more than that it is made alive, pulsating with emotion of national pride, of racial solidarity, of high moral purpose.
since erroneous beliefs are often held just as strongly as true beliefs, it becomes a difficult question how they are to be distinguished from true beliefs.
the whole of society is in their grip, the whole labor of the world lies at their mercy--and like fierce wolves they rend and destroy, like ravening vultures they devour and tear!
the time has not gone by, herbert, has it?
we are therefore left with the second suggested way of dealing with knowledge of images.
they would ask jurgis if he had worked there yet, and if he meant to; and jurgis would debate the matter with himself.
something has happened to lemuel's pay envelope, and his coffee-colored wife in west twenty-ninth street will not be able to get those gray spats until they are clean gone out of style.
the trees and the night are all that are here.
an elephant will eat a bun, but not a mutton chop; a duck will go into the water, but a hen will not.
it proceeded from miss pross, the wild red woman, strong of hand, whose acquaintance he had first made at the royal george hotel at dover, and had since improved.
he sat down, looking intently at me, and listened in profound silence to all i had to tell.
you remember a certain famous occasion when i was more drunk than--than usual?
mr. micawbers difficulties are almost overwhelming just at present, said mrs. micawber; and whether it is possible to bring him through them, i dont know.
on this as on most other practical questions, many distinctions require to be made.
then, he took up the candle, and, shading it with his murderous hand so as to throw its light on me, stood before me, looking at me and enjoying the sight.
i loved her at that minute to distraction.
before we had taken many paces down the street beyond it, the noise of the city seemed to melt, as if by magic, into a softened distance.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
one heard the lazy hum of voices in busy conversation.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
the fellow was a stranger in chicago, and if he was found some night with his head cracked there would be no one to care very much.
the artist must now step down, don his working clothes, and become the artisan.
her father, cheering her, showed a compassionate superiority to this woman's weakness, which was wonderful to see.
mr. jaggers nodded his head retrospectively two or three times, and actually drew a sigh.
how it made me restless to think of her weeping to others, or being consoled by others.
everybody, myself excepted, said no, with confidence.
moreover in a time of copious legislation the enacted rule is easily taken as the type of legal precept and an attempt to frame a theory of legislative lawmaking is taken to give an account of all law.
if i had had a conjurors cap, there is no one i should have wished for but you!
no, no, i beg your pardon, retorted the old soldier.
i aint a person to live with them as has had money left.
the complimentarily implied power of reading your mind is not especially welcome to even a librarian who is subject to vanity--and incidentally he may think that you are irresponsible.
if they move him at all, it is only to a quiet smile, as he shakes his hair a little more loosely about his face.
uriah heep, said mr. wickfield, in a monotonous forced way, is active in the business, trotwood.
mr. tupper's salary furnished working capital for the enterprise and mrs. tupper has found congenial work as farmer-in-chief.
i had seen at first that she was changed.
the other houses in the row did not seem to be new, and few of them seemed to be occupied.
while he was gone, i sat down on my usual stool and looked vacantly at my sister, feeling pretty sure that the man would not be there.
discovering that some beliefs of childhood must be abandoned.
defarge drew out the key, closed the door, locked it on the inside, took out the key again, and held it in his hand.
it seems to me that many actions of my life were beautiful, very long ago, when i was young in an evanished world of friendly girls, who were all more lovely than any girl is nowadays.
the chief difficulty in regard to knowledge, however, does not arise over derivative knowledge, but over intuitive knowledge.
my choice rested between going home, where there were two younger sisters, or leaving the baby somewhere and striking out for myself.
i perceive that, happily for me, the reception of the day before yesterday was, as usual, a cold one, observed the nephew.
from time to time she came and looked over the doctors hand, and told him what to play.
the pagenstechers wanted water-power for their grinders, and they located their first mill beside stockbridge bowl, in curtisville, now interlaken, massachusetts.
my late wife loved her second husband, maam, said mr. murdstone, and trusted implicitly in him.
the hard uneven pavement is under us, the soft deep mud is on either side.
ah, shes poorly, said the first old woman.
what agony must have been theirs before that which they saw coming and could not stop!
again, as my aunt looked quite convinced, i endeavoured to look quite convinced also.
this principle is really involved--at least, concrete instances of it are involved--in all demonstrations.
whether it was a daughter who would grow to be a woman.
my aunt had long been re-established at dover, and traddles had begun to get into some little practice at the bar, in the very first term after my departure.
you mustnt give me credit for the tablecloth and spoons and castors, because they come for you from the coffee-house.
in my hunger for information, i made proposals to mr. wopsle to bestow some intellectual crumbs upon me, with which he kindly complied.
the latter will rightly consider this a subordinate function.
lord love you, no!--i shouldn't, said mr. carton.
touching those signals, little citizen, said madame defarge, sternly, that she made to the prisoners; you are ready to bear witness to them this very day?
what he observes is, at the stage of science which he has reached, a datum for his science.
when visitors came in larger and unexpected numbers there was but the third chair for them all, but they generally economized the room by standing up.
i am very miserable!--only that i doubted, even at that pass, if mrs. crupp were quite the sort of woman to confide in!
he had had all the diseases that babies are heir to, in quick succession, scarlet fever, mumps, and whooping cough in the first year, and now he was down with the measles.
he had taken little or no wine; and i presume it was the mere insolence of triumph that was upon him, flushed perhaps by the temptation my presence furnished to its exhibition.
i would have her branded on the face, dressed in rags, and cast out in the streets to starve.
the coldness of her hand when i touched it, i can feel yet.
when i did at last turn my eyes in wemmicks direction, i found that he had unposted his pen, and was intent upon the table before him.
it was impossible for monseigneur to dispense with one of these attendants on the chocolate and hold his high place under the admiring heavens.
yes--i-- after a pause, he added, again settling the crisp flaxen wig at the ears, it is very difficult to begin.
we talk of you in the kitchen every night, and wonder what you are saying and doing.
arguments in favour of (for example) memory in plants are only arguments in favour of habit-memory, not of knowledge-memory.
ona is very sick, stanislovas said; and we are almost starving.
i do not wish to flatter my townsmen, nor to be flattered by them, for that will not advance either of us.
said the postmaster, shrugging his shoulders; there may be, or there will be.
he obeyed, in the old mechanically submissive manner, without pausing in his work.
either i am very stupid, or you are very clever.
and it does the lean man little good to know that his fat brother is preparing to buy a secondhand automobile.
can the upper classes really acquire for themselves, through slumming parties and visits to the night court, anything like the knowledge that books and newspapers can furnish them?
she had seen david copperfield out of the world, who was always running after wax dolls from his cradle.
the ageds reading reminded me of the classes at mr. wopsles great-aunts, with the pleasanter peculiarity that it seemed to come through a keyhole.
***** i opened some of the bottles, smelt them, and put the stoppers to my lips.
at a sufficient distance over the woods this sound acquires a certain vibratory hum, as if the pine needles in the horizon were the strings of a harp which it swept.
the galley was kept steady, and the silent, eager look-out at the water was resumed.
ill go in now, trot, said my aunt, and look after little blossom, who will be getting up presently.
she sometimes played tunes upon them with her fingers--minuets and marches i should think--but never moved them.
crush humanity out of shape once more, under similar hammers, and it will twist itself into the same tortured forms.
either you know it, or you dont know it.
we are made to exaggerate the importance of what work we do; and yet how much is not done by us!
none is so poor that he need sit on a pumpkin.
the girls were quiet enough outwardly, but the inner drama was keyed high.
it was possible to see movement through it, but not form.
yet it remained for a wasp and gottfried keller to bring us out of the era of rag paper.
i could not imagine why dora had been making tempting little faces at me, as if she wanted to kiss me.
jurgis must excuse her, she began, her mother was very ill-- ona isn't here?
every now and then the pain would force jurgis to stop work, but he stuck it out till nearly an hour before closing.
the musicians had spent all their fine frenzy by now, and played only one tune, wearily, ploddingly.
mr. spenlow, who, i suppose, had been surprised to see us recognize each other, then put in his word.
this was no passive belief, but an active weapon which they flashed at more convenient places of business.
after twenty weeks of struggle, her work took on a form that, although still crude, was creditable for one who had never written until she was over forty.
it is his privilege not only to inform and to entertain the public, but to create better taste and a keener appreciation of good writing.
she combs and brushes her hair every morning.
does the criticism prove anything about military drill?
even your man of genius accepts a hundred rules for every one he challenges; and you may lodge in the same house with an anarchist for ten years without noticing anything exceptional about him.
look at half of the older members of the faculty!
no neva marshes to be filled; though you must every where build on piles of your own driving.
but, truth to say, i have never understood the kind of thrift they recommend.
but it isn't always the whim of the child that prompts him to cut short his education.
on account of the peculiar character of the subject-matter of your studies, what i have said upon the general life and mental attitude of the student applies with tenfold force to you.
at that time a number of women in and about philadelphia, who realized the need for thorough teaching in all the branches of horticulture, not merely in theory but in practice, organized this school.
to picture the harvest fields of the future, to which millions of happy men and women come for a summer holiday, brought by special trains, the exactly needful number to each place!
one early thrush gave me a note or two as i drove along the woodland path.
liveliness and ease in comprehension make this method a valuable one in addressing a popular or an unlearned body of readers; it presents the truth and it enlists interest.
when he has obtained those things which are necessary to life, there is another alternative than to obtain the superfluities; and that is, to adventure on life now, his vacation from humbler toil having commenced.
had he stood in peril of a less horrible sentence--had there been a chance of any one of its savage details being spared--by just so much would he have lost in his fascination.
there is nothing, observed hamlets aunt, so satisfactory to one!
an authentic railroad is one of the spectacular features of hudson street.
he had had no experience with unions, and he had to have it explained to him that the men were banded together for the purpose of fighting for their rights.
when at last we got into the town, the people came out to their doors, all aslant, and with streaming hair, making a wonder of the mail that had come through such a night.
i can be well recommended by all the neighbors, and i hope i can be industrious and patient, and teach myself while i teach others.
the engineer is a poet who expresses himself in material forms rather than words.
we arrived at lincolns inn fields without any new adventures, except encountering an unlucky donkey in a costermongers cart, who suggested painful associations to my aunt.
you will always be my solace and resource, as you have always been.
we shook hands,he was always a remarkably short shaker,and i thanked him.
it was quite enough, she said, that she had told me agnes was going to be married; and that i now knew better than anyone how true it was.
the only thing essential is that the law should be such as to enable us to infer the existence of an object which we can more or less accurately describe in terms of the data.
she was a loving baby--i know that; i knew it, years before you ever saw her--and through the best part of her weakness you gave her the wounds she died of.
we have been so full of business all day, that we have not known what to do first, or which way to turn.
when i had induced provis to go up to bed, i went outside with my two companions (startop by this time knew the state of the case), and held another council.
but with changes in society and the rise of commercial and industrial activity, a change has been taking place rapidly which is making individual ownership the normal type in fact, if not in legal theory.
nor was she at such times in the mood for just appreciation of the beautiful things in life.
shortly afterwards, we were very high up in a very hot theatre, looking down into a large pit, that seemed to me to smoke; the people with whom it was crammed were so indistinct.
we made a very good meal by the kitchen fire, and then apportioned the bedrooms: herbert and startop were to occupy one; i and our charge the other.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
he is interminable, but then he has seen a great deal of life.
you may know them by their saucy, chiding, devil-may-care hum.
a stranger would have found them insupportable, and even to me they were so oppressive that i hesitated, half inclined to go back.
assisting in organizing liberty loan campaigns, especially the third.
lets get the scaffolding up, then, for a pair of whiskers.
i saw no prospect of ever getting rid of him; and, projecting myself into the future, used to think what an inconvenience he would be when he was an old man.
no, you wicked foreign woman; i am your match.
they worked with furious intensity, literally upon the run--at a pace with which there is nothing to be compared except a football game.
so he says, resumed the convict i had recognized,it was all said and done in half a minute, behind a pile of timber in the dock-yard,youre a going to be discharged?
but we can form no image of the fact that the window is not to the left of the door.
in no other way can he be made so clearly to see his progress, for only thus can he be prevented from undirected wandering.
a good title adds greatly to the attractiveness of an article.
the stout man in uniform signaled to the other, who went out to the cab, while he followed jurgis and his young master.
you didnt care for that happiness in the least, said dora, slightly raising her eyebrows, and shaking her head, when you were sitting by miss kitt.
he is a partaker of glory at present, master copperfield, said uriah heep.
that she had done a grievous thing in taking an impressionable child to mould into the form that her wild resentment, spurned affection, and wounded pride found vengeance in, i knew full well.
the universal watchfulness so encompassed him, that if he had been taken in a net, or were being forwarded to his destination in a cage, he could not have felt his freedom more completely gone.
as to marriage, and fortune, and all that, i believe i was almost as innocently undesigning then, as when i loved little emly.
actual sensations, in themselves, are not cases of consciousness, because they do not bring in this reference to what is absent.
but it is not difficult to see that scepticism of this kind is unreasonable.
in other words, in these cases one was held without regard to fault for injuries incidental to the conduct of certain enterprises or callings and for failure to restrain potentially injurious agencies which one maintained.
it is not at all impossible that their dreams will come true, and that they will be richly rewarded.
at the sound of it, a thrill went through my frame.
the disposition, of course, was there; it should have been modified, not exacerbated.
however, her temper was greatly improved, and she was patient.
the bureau didn't have the available funds.
the bitterness of it was the daily food and drink of jurgis.
'you had better see,' he carelessly answered; and took up a light.
but, he feigned not to notice the two strangers, and fell into discourse with the triumvirate of customers who were drinking at the counter.
and then because of his memories and his shame, he was glad when others joined them, men and women; and they had more drink and spent the night in wild rioting and debauchery.
the life of man, viewed outwardly, is but a small thing in comparison with the forces of nature.
again: those nobles who had seen the coming storm in time, and anticipating plunder or confiscation, had made provident remittances to tellson's, were always to be heard of there by their needy brethren.
those who prefer to, go on with the two-step, but the majority go through an intricate series of motions, resembling more fancy skating than a dance.
my sister, having so much to do, was going to church vicariously, that is to say, joe and i were going.
he had stood by the door, all this while, observant of her with a smile upon his face, though his black eyebrows were heavily contracted.
even more caution is required to keep the divisions from overlapping.
to show the senseless duplication of material and ideas.
at any rate, observed uriah, with a writhe of his ungainly person, we may keep the door shut.
along one side of the room ran a narrow gallery, a few feet from the floor; into which gallery the cattle were driven by men with goads which gave them electric shocks.
i have been stealing it ever since, and having an enormously enjoyable time in the bargain.
this was fortunate for her, for a few minutes later the police reserves arrived.
in all these cases the feeling of memory-belief is just the same, and only what is remembered differs.
but, as the night advanced, the clouds closing in and densely over-spreading the whole sky, then very dark, it came on to blow, harder and harder.
more distant objects will also alter their appearance if (as we say) the state of the atmosphere changes--if there is fog or rain or sunshine.
you anticipate, sir, said mr. chillip, his eyelids getting quite red with the unwonted stimulus in which he was indulging.
o dear good faithful tender joe, i feel the loving tremble of your hand upon my arm, as solemnly this day as if it had been the rustle of an angels wing!
'there is prodigious strength,' i answered him, 'in sorrow and despair.'
it remains to see whether there are any other grounds.
how just and reasonable it would seem to be that flowers which edge the ice in july should consent to bloom in lowlands no colder in february!
he had a glass and bottle in his hand, and was in the act of drinking.
and yet i always liked you, copperfield!
in the following account of the work of james russell lowell at the court of saint james we find at once this careful breaking of the subject into parts which can be treated definitely.
he ate in a ravenous way that was very disagreeable, and all his actions were uncouth, noisy, and greedy.
dont tell peggotty; she might be angry with them.
so did the author of the little book that johnny received for christmas mean well when he explained how to make a beautiful chemical effect.
upon a corner stone in an angle of the wall, one prisoner, who seemed to have gone to execution, had cut as his last work, three letters.
ostrinski was a pole, about fifty years of age.
i wonder why you ever fell in love with me?
the contention that time is unreal and that the world of sense is illusory must, i think, be regarded as based upon fallacious reasoning.
it might be suggested that vagueness is the required characteristic, but i do not think this is the case.
when i was first hired out as shepherd tother side the world, its my belief i should ha turned into a molloncolly-mad sheep myself, if i hadnt a had my smoke.
i had never seen her since, but she had communicated with mr. peggotty on several occasions.
many persons took the hints for themselves when they were not so intended, and there were some amusing results.
their thinking is done for them by men much like themselves, addressing them or speaking in their name, on the spur of the moment, through the newspapers.
the young men will become familiar with all the handiwork of the theatre, the construction and handling of scenery, the electrical equipment and its varied uses.
doing as i had often done, i went in, and stood touching the old chimney-piece, where she could see me when she raised her eyes.
some thinks, he said, as her affection was ill-bestowed; some, as her marriage was broken off by death.
he hesitated one second, as if meaning to run; and in the next his assailant was upon him.
as i mentioned on a former occasion, she is a very superior woman, but has lost the use of her limbs.
doctor strong, when doctor strong himself unconsciously enlightened me.
in addition to general principles, the other kind of self-evident truths are those immediately derived from sensation.
all that he does is determined--or so it seems--by the end he has in view, by what lies in front of him, rather than by what lies behind.
for these she can get several guineas a week merely by standing in a show-room letting mantles be tried on her before customers.
they both execrated the place in very strong language, and gradually growled themselves out, and had nothing left to say.
then suddenly he came in sight of the house, and noticed that there was a crowd before the door.
how am i ever to break it to him, masr davy?
it only remained to fit a double gyroscope, with the wheels revolving in opposite directions, and, save for engineering details, the mono-rail car was evolved.
she liked me, but she laughed at me, and tormented me; and when i went to meet her, stole home another way, and was laughing at the door when i came back, disappointed.
would you rather not have a good interested worker for eight hours a day than none at all?
she herself knows nothing, but that she was left an orphan and i adopted her.
the accused, who was (and who knew he was) being mentally hanged, beheaded, and quartered, by everybody there, neither flinched from the situation, nor assumed any theatrical air in it.
take away those letters, and throw them in the fire.
oh, really, master copperfield,--i mean mister copperfield, said uriah, to see you waiting upon me is what i never could have expected!
it throws no light on the effects of protection, nor on the facility for divorce in america, nor on corruption in public life, nor on canadian character, nor even on the navy bill.
more than ten years ago it came to the decision that architecture was all right in its way, but that it was not a fundamental part of car building.
she dragged him back into the kitchen, half carrying him, for he had gone all to pieces.
this was very disagreeable to a guilty mind.
at length, it was voted that there was no help for the angry gentleman, and that he must either go in his chance company or remain behind.
name one which is not a pattern-design so much as a dramatic expression.
the uproar was appalling, perilous to the eardrums; one feared there was too much sound for the room to hold--that the walls must give way or the ceiling crack.
then, a score of others ran into the midst of these, beating their breasts, tearing their hair, and screaming, foulon alive!
if i kept only twenty-five hens i should sell my eggs and my chickens direct to the city consumer.
that these conceptions stand in need of reconstruction will be admitted, and is indeed increasingly urged by physicists themselves.
we had loin of pork for dinner, and greens grown on the estate; and i nodded at the aged with a good intention whenever i failed to do it drowsily.
i think it is fair to say that this is a view against which common sense would not rebel; nevertheless, i believe it to be radically mistaken.
but i told traddles, and mr. and mrs. micawber, that before i could think of leaving, they must appoint a day when they would come and dine with me.
i thought what a blessed fortune it was, that he had found another name for me than pip.
in such articles the sketch usually precedes the interview.
we always, in this house, propose a month--an initiatory month.
it may be objected that what is added consists merely of images without belief.
if it is executory, however, why should the declared intent that the change take place in the future be executed by law despite the altered will of the promisor?
said i. i am, said herbert; but its a secret.
when from many available subjects a writer is about to choose one, he should pause to consider its possibilities before beginning to write.
he swelled the ephemeral body of scientific speculation; but his contribution to the verified body of science was negligible, and the injuries that he inflicted upon the scientific spirit were considerable.
a wisconsin poet may write very beautifully about nightingales, and a new england unitarian may write beautifully about cathedrals; if it is beautiful, it is poetry, and all is well.
he had never talked to people of this sort before, and he fell into an agony of embarrassment.
which it were, said joe, that how you might be amongst strangers, and that how you and me having been ever friends, a wisit at such a moment might not prove unacceptabobble.
i should say he was one of those men who stand in their own light.
nicholas schliemann was familiar with all the universe, and with man as a small part of it.
his arms and legs were like great pincushions of those shapes, and his attire disguised him absurdly; but i knew his half-closed eye at one glance.
while the forestry bureau has concerned itself primarily with trees from the standpoint of the timber supply, dr. mulford has been making a study of trees best adapted for streets and cities generally.
some images, like some sensations, feel very familiar, while others feel strange.
they had pulled one sudden stroke ahead, had got their oars in, had run athwart us, and were holding on to our gunwale, before we knew what they were doing.
the room was darkening to his sight; the world was narrowing around him.
said mr. jorkins; when he had heard me, very restlessly, to an end.
then he stood before the sergeant's desk and gave his name and address, and saw a charge of assault and battery entered against him.
but how about the porter who is not so smart--the man who has the lean run?
there was a new field in which to build up trade.
but agnes was too superior to me in character and purpose, as i know well now, whatever i might know or not know then, to be long in need of my entreaties.
i asked mr. spenlow what he considered the best sort of professional business?
the aged must have been stirring with the lark, for, glancing into the perspective of his bedroom, i observed that his bed was empty.
property and contract, security of acquisitions and security of transactions are the domain in which law is most effective and is chiefly invoked.
evening after evening jurgis and ona would sit and figure the expenses, calculating the term of their separation.
popular opinions, on subjects not palpable to sense, are often true, but seldom or never the whole truth.
i therefore hit out at him and was going to hit out again, when he said, aha!
each, of course, perfectly knew the faults of the other, assessed with an unerring cousinly eye.
while it was preparing, i went to satis house and inquired for miss havisham; she was still very ill, though considered something better.
it wanted only the skilled romantic touch of a gautier or stevenson to enroll this tale among the masterpieces of its kind in contemporary letters.
as for the men, i had pictured the privilege of sitting at their feet and learning many interesting things about the universe.
but it must not be forgotten that in some languages this element is almost, if not quite, extinct, and that in our own it is probably decaying.
in this way he guides the reader's emotions in the way he wishes them to go--and makes successful writing.
yet he said it with so much meaning, too, that i felt he as perfectly understood miss havisham to be my benefactress, as i understood the fact myself.
i hung on fence rails, my pet book forgotten under my arm, and gazed off to the yellow-streaked february sunset, and beyond, and beyond.
a field of water betrays the spirit that is in the air.
mrs. chillips opinion is, that her spirit has been entirely broken since her marriage, and that she is all but melancholy mad.
when i had no more ticks to make, i folded all my bills up uniformly, docketed each on the back, and tied the whole into a symmetrical bundle.
i had a great deal of work to do, and had many anxieties, but the same considerations made me keep them to myself.
is this young gentleman one of the prentices or articled ones of your office?
from my own pasture fence-line will come red osier, dogwood, with its white blooms, its blue berries, its winter stem-coloring, and elderberry.
yet so far are we from simplicity and independence that, in concord, fresh and sweet meal is rarely sold in the shops, and hominy and corn in a still coarser form are hardly used by any.
i found my account in climbing a tree once.
he said, i am not worth such feeling, miss manette.
returned madame, coolly and lightly, if people use knives for such purposes, they have to pay for it.
yes, said a voice from the darkness beneath.
i played the game to an end with estella, and she beggared me.
i am aware that there is not, in this country, any intolerance of differences of opinion on most of these topics.
then, between whiles, we had the best art and music thrown in!
images may cause us to use words which mean them, and these words, heard or read, may in turn cause the appropriate images.
these three questions, sensibly considered and properly answered, will make a by no means paltry criticism.
uriah fell back, as if he had been struck or stung.
yet i have no doubt that that peoples rulers are as wise as the average of civilized rulers.
* * * * * the moral atmosphere of the office was ideal.
the prudent of course conform: the place of nearly everybody depends on the opinion of every one else.
he knows at least five hundred of the big bankers and business men of both new york and boston--though he knows the boston crowd best.
everything was bowed down, dejected, oppressed, and broken.
it grew darker all the time, and upon the earth the grass seemed to grow less green.
the turnkey laughed, and gave us good day, and stood laughing at us over the spikes of the wicket when we descended the steps into the street.
cried my aunt, with the same complacent triumph that i had remarked before.
she sat back on the broad window seat in the sunlight.
would they be allowed to see him--or was it to be part of his punishment to be kept in ignorance about their fate?
the mosquito man was feeling very satisfied the night he went to a dance at the country club.
the river, still dark and mysterious, was spanned by bridges that were turning coldly gray, with here and there at top a warm touch from the burning in the sky.
the combination of all these causes forms so great a mass of influences hostile to individuality, that it is not easy to see how it can stand its ground.
i left it out, to be sent round in the morning; with a line to mr. peggotty, requesting him to give it to her; and went to bed at daybreak.
the catholicity of english language and literature transcends the temporal boundaries of states.
he sat in the pen with a score of others until his turn came.
once, i had been taken to one of our old marsh churches to see a skeleton in the ashes of a rich dress that had been dug out of a vault under the church pavement.
he was so extremely conciliatory in his manner that he seemed to apologize to the very newspaper for taking the liberty of reading it.
the nature of her occupation kept her to furtive corners and the dark side of streets.
then he said, in a low voice: whos the man?
the partition of the character of queen elizabeth will be of lasting value as formal partition only if it really accounts for the total character of the subject.
the capital at his command was generally too small for the safe and conservative operation of his business; and he was consequently obliged to be adventurous, or else to be left behind in the race.
monseigneur in the country a beautiful landscape, with the corn bright in it, but not abundant.
he then came back, and took up his former position.
no one was near me when i went in and went home.
a philanthropist and friend of labor bishop--a civic federation decoy duck for the chloroforming of the wage-working-man!
my mother starts, colours, and smiles faintly.
i cannot satisfy myself whether she told me that mr. micawber had been an officer in the marines, or whether i have imagined it.
i shall never, master copperfield, said mrs. micawber, revert to the period when mr. micawber was in difficulties, without thinking of you.
further, it is probable, though not certain, that we have acquaintance with self, as that which is aware of things or has desires towards things.
the doorway soon absorbed her boxes, and she gave me her hand and a smile, and said good night, and was absorbed likewise.
and it was our curse which drove us to our crime.
this phenomenon is more exhilarating to me than the luxuriance and fertility of vineyards.
i saw my mother look at me sometimes, and then glance at the watchful miss murdstone, and than look down, or look away.
it is not worth the while to snivel about it.
it was evident that their battle-cry was conquer or die.
all the dreadful imaginations that had haunted him in his cell now rushed into his mind at once.
rising softly, for my charge lay fast asleep, i looked out of the window.
a titan of the type of goethe's or shelley's prometheus proclaims his right to be free of zeus and of all other powers.
he told me so this afternoon when he heard you were coming.
a direct personal appeal makes a good opening for an article.
its such a lightening of my heart, only to look at you!
such beliefs he will be willing to use as premisses in reasoning, and to him personally they will seem to have as much evidence as any belief can need.
when i got up in the morning, refreshed and stronger yet, i was full of my resolution to tell joe all, without delay.
the overhanging leaf sees here its prototype.
the driver stopped beside me, and my aunt was sitting in it alone.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
it is so wicked to think of anything but poor papa!--embraces j. and sobs herself to sleep.
then she opened the door and said, come in.
expression is of utmost value, and you can ill afford to slight it.
i--that is--i had difficulty in getting a place, he stammered.
i cant account for more than five, said traddles, with an air of perplexity.
every succeeding year i have known this better, as i have esteemed you more and more.
on my asking now, if that were not so, mr. omer nodded yes, and nodded towards the door of the parlour.
the house, when i came up to it, looked just the same.
perhaps so, master copperfield, he replied.
the paragraph is a device that aids a writer to convey to readers his thoughts combined in the same groups in which they are arranged in his own mind.
and good as scotch strong beer is, i cannot say that the lighter and medium kinds are very good in scotland.
the founders of every state which has risen to eminence have drawn their nourishment and vigor from a similar wild source.
yes, he says it is just as it should be.
the fitchburg railroad touches the pond about a hundred rods south of where i dwell.
this is true, and gives him a sense of power and freedom.
perhaps you are one of those sound strong persons absolutely assured of perfect health.
i tried to persuade myself that it was so,as, indeed, it might easily be.
metaphysics, from the first, has been developed by the union or the conflict of these two attitudes.
in place of detailed rules precisely determining what shall take place upon a precisely detailed state of facts, reliance is had upon general premises for judicial and juristic reasoning.
as i drew her down into her chair, i was conscious of a scent that i knew, and turning, saw my guardian in the room.
but it depends for its truth upon an instance of a general logical principle.
of a sudden the earth fell in before us, and we saw an old iron grill over a black hole.
marriage and prostitution were two sides of one shield, the predatory man's exploitation of the sex-pleasure.
mr. creakle turned to his assistant, with a severe frown and laboured politeness: now, you hear what this gentleman says, mr. mell.
the chief aid in solving the problem to discover the problem, really to understand it, requires as your chief tool imaginative sympathy.
now, the best thing you can do, sir, if youll allow me to advise you, said my aunt, after silently observing him, is to abjure that occupation for evermore.
came to his final words as the result of writing outlines.
i thought you a broken toy that had lasted its time; a worthless spangle that was tarnished, and thrown away.
thats tellings, my blessed infant, she retorted, tapping her nose again, screwing up her face, and twinkling her eyes like an imp of supernatural intelligence.
a word always applies, not only to one particular, but to a group of associated particulars, which are not recognized as multiple in common thought or speech.
the quick eye of affection is not easily blinded, when of the female sex.
narrative articles, such as personal experience stories, confessions, and narratives in the third person, consist almost entirely of incidents.
he went to the president and said so plainly, hating the indignity of it and loathing the whole system that made such methods necessary.
a place of business in london like tellson's place of business in paris, would soon have driven the house out of its mind and into the gazette.
there was silence between us for a little while.
entering at the open door of one of these, and releasing my arm, she beckoned me to follow her up the common staircase, which was like a tributary channel to the street.
traddles buttoned his coat with a determined air.
miss havisham was not in her own room, but was in the larger room across the landing.
in revising his article a writer often finds that he may greatly increase the effectiveness of his sentences by so rearranging the parts as to bring the important ideas close to the beginning.
he jerked himself about, after this compliment, in such an intolerable manner, that my aunt, who had sat looking straight at him, lost all patience.
i walked there, and i walked back, and i had the most delightful time!
not analytic: in all these propositions, no analysis of the subject will reveal the predicate.
i get fifteen cents a pound for it, delivered to the city customer, and it costs me almost that much to render and pack it.
i should have been a dead man if you had not come up.
twenty weeks striking results ago many of these young women could emphasized by device not speak english; many of them had of contrast never been to school a day in their lives.
we exhorted him to be resolute in this, and left my aunt to observe him.
the offence charged was not that of criticising institutions, or the acts or persons of rulers, but of circulating what was deemed an immoral doctrine, the lawfulness of tyrannicide.
intuition is seen at its best where it is directly useful--for example, in regard to other people's characters and dispositions.
he returned, with something like a gruff laugh.
he devoted himself during the remainder of the evening to keeping a most vigilant watch on mrs. cruncher, and sullenly holding her in conversation that she might be prevented from meditating any petitions to his disadvantage.
the more retired we live, the better i shall discharge it.
but there were no pigeons in the dove-cot, no horses in the stable, no pigs in the sty, no malt in the storehouse, no smells of grains and beer in the copper or the vat.
kant does not give his grounds for this denial, and we can therefore only conjecture what they were.
the farmer was greasing a wagon in front of the barn, and jurgis went to him.
to do things railroad fashion is now the by-word; and it is worth the while to be warned so often and so sincerely by any power to get off its track.
to say that any given person believes some things so firmly that he cannot be made to doubt them is no doubt true.
when i got to the top of the stairs--the house was only a story high above the ground floor--traddles was on the landing to meet me.
i ought rather to write that i should have been alarmed if i had had energy and concentration enough to help me to the clear perception of any truth beyond the fact that i was falling very ill.
mr. pocket had invested the princes treasure in the ways of the world ever since, and it was supposed to have brought him in but indifferent interest.
rent of ability is what a man gets by exercising abnormal ability in a normal situation.
no wonder then that he has difficulty in making fifty dollars a month, with his miserable tips on the lean run.
for over fifteen years, so she declared.
bless your soul and body, no, answered wemmick, very drily.
and he put the bill in his pocket, and poured jurgis out a glass of beer, and set it on the counter.
that a half-educated american provincial should have been original in a field in which original men have been copyists is enough of itself to make his personality observable.
in the meanwhile, the doctor had removed to the seat in the window, and had sat there looking down at the plane-tree; but, on mr. lorry's return, he slipped away to his bench.
but i never thought there was anything low and small in my keeping away from joe, because i knew she would be contemptuous of him.
for instance, there was a night during this cold spell.
compeyson spoke hardy, but he was always a coward.
thus the individual claims to have performance of advantageous promises secured to him.
so high as heaved the tumid hills, so low down sunk a hollow bottom broad and deep, capacious bed of waters.
well, said wemmick, hell give you wine, and good wine.
it is hard to think how ruthlessly you were birched, and how much of needless whipping and tears our small forefathers had to undergo!
before them there loomed an enormous granite pile, set far back from the street, and occupying a whole block.
i am paid for undertaking it, and i do so.
would you be willing to lay down a general rule about the method of treatment?
so, with the springtime, what was more likely than that the wild idea of escaping had come to him?
he hardly thought youd come so soon, mr. wemmick explained.
it is merely a great deal of water falling over some cliffs.
the show being over, the flutter in the air became quite a little storm, and the precious little bells went ringing downstairs.
marija was getting to be a skilled beef-trimmer, and was mounting to the heights again.
how did it come about that such growths came from such soil--that a breed lawless and sordid and prosaic has written such a mighty hieroglyphic against the sky?
i believe i can remember these two at a little distance apart, dwarfed to my sight by stooping down or kneeling on the floor, and i going unsteadily from the one to the other.
it is true that our tunic was torn and stained with brown stains which had been blood.
every editor daily receives many manuscripts submitted by writers on their own initiative.
yes, i know, said mr. wickfield; at home or abroad.
usually in the saturday or sunday issues he will find typical articles on topics connected with the city and with the state or states in which the paper circulates.
cleaned up--scrubbed, the insoluble matted locks clipped from his coat, his trampish collar replaced with a new one bearing a license tag--he was far from being unpresentable.
madame put her knife under her arm, and clapped her hands as at a play.
how i found time to haunt putney, i am sure i dont know; but i contrived, by some means or other, to prowl about the neighbourhood pretty often.
any kind of dissimilarity is also of this kind: if the colour of a is unlike the colour of b, then the colour of b is unlike the colour of a.
these words make more of an impression on the reader's mind than do those in the middle or at the end of the sentence.
they stared with round frightened eyes at les soldats americans, the first they had ever seen.
the content believed may or may not be expressed in words.
more sensible is a rod of stone wall that bounds an honest mans field than a hundred-gated thebes that has wandered farther from the true end of life.
he'd never have no good of it; he'd want all along to be out of the line, if he, could see his way out, being once in--even if it wos so.
the pursuit of this subject belongs to ethics, where the impossibility of deducing what ought to be from what is has to be established.
said the chief, at length taking up his keys, come with me, emigrant.
it comes pretty near being the truth to say that a great journalist is a super-gossip--not about trivial things but about important things.
manners is manners, but still your elths your elth.
i shall never allow people to talk before me about wastefulness and profligacy, and so forth, in connexion with that life, any more.
a very precise definition, therefore, should not be sought, since any such definition must be more or less misleading.
what do you mean, said the tinker, by wearing my brothers silk handkerchief!
it is not a piece of research, it need not cover the whole ground with all the minuti.
i am imperfectly consoled for this disappointment by the sacred pledge, the perished flower.
all this interrupts the music for not more than a minute or two.
i did not know how it was, but though there were only two of us, we were at once always cramped for room, and yet had always room enough to lose everything in.
i've discharged him seven times now, and i've about made up my mind that's enough.
i'd stand a good chance of losing a customer, wouldn't i?
for, if they have any ideas at all, and are not bare machines (as some would have them), we cannot deny them to have some reason.
and yet it stirs no fear within our heart, but only silent reverence and pity.
to make our proposition more precise, let us suppose that we are also seeing a red rose at the same time.
thus time-relations, like space-relations, are among those with which we are acquainted.
unsettled weather, a long journey, uncertain means of travelling, a disorganised country, a city that may not be even safe for you.
which makes it more surprising in my son, said the old man, for he was not brought up to the law, but to the wine-coopering.
there is never an instants truce between virtue and vice.
kant's solution of the problem, though not valid in my opinion, is interesting.
no, gentlemen; he'll always show 'em a clean pair of heels very early in the scuffle, and sneak away.
agnes, said uriah, either not regarding him, or not knowing what the nature of his action was, agnes wickfield is, i am safe to say, the divinest of her sex.
it is not necessary that in ceasing to ignore the moral truths not contained in christianity, men should ignore any of those which it does contain.
here peggotty stopped, and softly beat upon my hand a little while.
all the rest he died possessed of, he bequeathed to peggotty; whom he left residuary legatee, and sole executrix of that his last will and testament.
there would be nothing to hinder them from being taught religion, if their parents chose, at the same schools where they were taught other things.
mr. trabbs boy was the most audacious boy in all that country-side.
the family honour, sir, is safe from me in this country.
in a corner, as far away from the corpse as possible, sat marija, holding little antanas in her one good arm and trying to soothe him to sleep.
science of legal method, modern legal philosophy series, vol.
mrs. steerforth, fallen back stiffly in her chair, and making no sound but a moan, cast her eyes upon her with a wide stare.
the footsteps were incessant, and the hurry of them became more and more rapid.
after taking a timid peep at him lying on his back, with his rusty hands under his head for a pillow, his son lay down too, and fell asleep again.
i went towards them slowly, for my limbs were weak, but with a sense of increasing relief as i drew nearer to them, and a sense of leaving arrogance and untruthfulness further and further behind.
the general comes to know these dignitaries by their feet.
i wonder, if your loving heart will not break, you have found no way of helping it to be still!
and now are you all bobbish, and hows sixpennorth of halfpence?
when i can run about again as i used to do, doady, let us go and see those places where we were such a silly couple, shall we?
i am not old, but my young way was never the way to age.
julia would be glad to see her, and would not call her a transported page; julia never had called her anything of the sort.
dont you know the doctor better, said i, than to suppose him conscious of your existence, when you were not before him?
for a while, i hid myself among some lanes and by-paths, and then struck off to walk all the way to london.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
i do my endeavours in my line of life, sir.
what was she a doing of, when you went in today?
whatever i might have been to her, or she to me, if i had been more worthy of her long ago, i was not now, and she was not.
i had not expected him to be, and was not surprised myself; or my observation of similar practical satires would have been but scanty.
with that she smoothed her dress, and sat, with her upright carriage, looking at the door.
as long as the novelty should last, said i, laughing.
the wasps came by thousands to my lodge in october, as to winter quarters, and settled on my windows within and on the walls over-head, sometimes deterring visitors from entering.
tell of ancient architects finishing their works on the tops of columns as perfectly as on the lower and more visible parts!
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
one by one, as they march, our comrades vanish from our sight, seized by the silent orders of omnipotent death.
[e] this visit (in the early eighties) had another relish.
yes, returned traddles with perfect innocence, its a joke for us.
such vague philosophic definitions, however, remained inoperative because of their very vagueness.
thus did menmen with nothing to offer save their great numberlost the steel towers, the flying ships, the power wires, all the things they had not created and could never keep.
both mr. lorry and defarge were rather disinclined to this course, and in favour of one of them remaining.
the old ones know that they are soon to die.
she turned her face towards me for a moment, and i knew that i was right.
on the face of it this seems a very simple and admirable arrangement.
when i see a farm advertised for rent or for sale in the spring, i want to go at once and look it over.
they would have no money to pay it then--and they would lose the house, after all their long, heartbreaking struggle.
some were lamenting, and in restless motion; but, these were few.
in like manner the strict law said that if one gave his formal undertaking through fraud or mistake or coercion, he was a fool or a coward and was not to be helped.
life is the distribution of an error--or errors.
the difference between them was a difference of class.
i had previously been presented by my aunt, and had been courteously received.
her head was bent down, looking at the fire.
not everything is said; only the vital things.
it really, said traddles, suddenly, taking a letter out of his pocket, and giving it to me, put mr. micawber quite out of my head!
you dont deserve help, but ill help you.
nobodys dinner is paid for here, in that name.
i told them what a fine fellow steerforth was, and what a patron of mine, and peggotty said she would walk a score of miles to see him.
it seemed that they must have agencies all over the country, to hunt out old and crippled and diseased cattle to be canned.
the application of this method is comparatively simple though it involves considerable expense.
at length, on sunday night when all the village is asleep, come soldiers, winding down from the prison, and their guns ring on the stones of the little street.
then they both laughed, and began cracking nuts, and spitting the shells about.as i really think i should have liked to do myself, if i had been in their place and so despised.
yes!--agnes, sitting on the seat before me, in the same box, with a lady and gentleman beside her, whom i didnt know.
opposite a large school building, in a small room that had been at one time a saloon, the kitchen of the century was fitted up and formally opened to the public.
as long as eternal justice reigns, not one innocent huckleberry can be transported thither from the countrys hills.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
he took out his key and opened the door, and we all went into a stone hall, bare, gloomy, and little used.
having thought of the matter with care, i approached my subject as if i had never hinted at it before.
therell be mischief done at sea, i expect, before long.
c. for a politician of doubtful character who has served several terms as mayor under the old system.
manners frequently come in for attention.
thus one spatial object may be contained within another, and entirely enclosed by the other.
theers been kiender a blessing fell upon us, said mr. peggotty, reverentially inclining his head, and weve done nowt but prosper.
as it was early in the autumn the flowers were inexpensive and made a brave show.
i dont say no to that, but i meant estella.
they stretch, these camps, in rapidly extending area from canada through maine and northern new england, into the adirondacks and the alleghenies, and then across toward the northwest and the rockies.
we were silent again, and remained so, until the doctor rose and walked twice or thrice across the room.
we could not conceive of that which we had created.
but, pursued miss lavinia,--but, we would prefer to regard those visits, mr. traddles, as made, at present, to us.
i had not told him exactly when i meant to leave, and was not likely to shake hands with him again before departing.
said i. i wish it was money, sir, said mr. barkis.
why, really said mr. dick, i dont see how it can have been in that year, trotwood.
--will have a thing done, i will have it done, repeated the man with the wooden leg.
there was a look of excitement upon her face, of tense effort, as of one struggling mightily, or witnessing a struggle.
mr. james took quite uncommonly to the young woman; and was more settled, for a length of time, than i have known him to be since i have been in his service.
said mr. pumblechook, with his former laugh.
she had pains in her back all the time, jadvyga explained, and feared that she had womb trouble.
i look at my mother, but she pretends not to see me.
what would present company say, proceeded joe, to twenty pound?
mr. barkis turned his eyes upon me, as if for my assent to this result of his reflections in bed; and i gave it.
then they led him to a room and told him to strip for a bath; after which he had to walk down a long gallery, past the grated cell doors of the inmates of the jail.
and elzbieta and marija, too, might lose their places--if that hell fiend connor chose to set to work to ruin them, they would all be turned out.
their full names are: georges clemenceau, premier of france; david lloyd george, prime minister of england; victor emanuel orlando, premier of italy, and thomas woodrow wilson, president of the united states.
why is this site suitable for a playground?
at sea in a ship there is a yet greater incitement to their disquiet.
what would alone have set a division between that man and us, if there had been no other dividing circumstance, was his triumph in my story.
mr. wopsle hesitated, and we all began to conceive rather a poor opinion of him.
the old ass has drunk himself into a state of dotage, said uriah, turning uglier than before, and it has been got from him by fraud!
a writer may purchase a manuscript record book or may prepare his own book or card index.
and yet so many strange things kept coming to jurgis' notice every day!
and, peggotty, says i, i shall be glad to see you, and ill make you as welcome as a queen.
children run and shout, not because of any good which they expect to realize, but because of a direct impulse to running and shouting.
and by the terms of her agreement with the authorities she was required to let the soldiers have for one night the attic of her house to sleep in--nothing more; no light, no heat.
to go into this argument fully at our present stage would be impossible, since it raises points requiring a considerable preliminary discussion; but certain reasons for rejecting the argument may be noticed at once.
i added this saving clause, in the moment of rejecting four richly caparisoned coursers which i had had wild thoughts of harnessing.
how to teach a dog tricks--the patience required.
the boy's eyes, which had been fixed on mine, slowly turned to the looker-on, and i saw in the two faces that all he said was true.
they must feel the needs of others and then reach out and meet those needs.
i broke out crying and begging pardon, and hugged joe round the neck: who dropped the poker to hug me, and to say, ever the best of friends; ant us, pip?
growling, in addition, such phrases as ah!
wherein does the difference in material consist?
mr. micawber, when he was sufficiently cool, proceeded with his letter.
very ready, said mrs. gummidge, shaking her head, and wiping her eyes.
i was a young boy, and she exasperated me, and i threw a hammer at her.
cross lights from the six windows shine upon rows of desks of varying sizes and in varying stages of destruction.
the man in the car had jumped out, and was turning an animated, and aggressive, but not at all provoked, face on the complainer.
let us say good night, my fine boy, said the gentleman, when he had bent his head--i saw him!--over my mothers little glove.
listen to us, for we hold the future of mankind in our hands.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
i began to think, said mr. lorry, pushing his brown wig back, that i should have to pass the night at tellson's.
i had no thought of leaving home or husband.
i have thus surveyed the country on every side within a dozen miles of where i live.
we dined soon after i awoke, off a roast fowl and a pudding; i sitting at table, not unlike a trussed bird myself, and moving my arms with considerable difficulty.
meinong meets this difficulty by saying that some beliefs are falsely thought to be self-evident, but in the case of others it is self-evident that they are self-evident, and these are wholly reliable.
she was part of the machine she tended, and every faculty that was not needed for the machine was doomed to be crushed out of existence.
four sides of incoherent and interjectional beginnings of sentences, that had no end, except blots, were inadequate to afford her any relief.
she repeated it to herself, two or three times, in a low tone.
jurgis was to see more of this as time passed.
when brennan made his early models, he found that, while the little cars would remain upright and run along a straight rail, they left the track at the first curve.
it was set on fire by mischievous boys, one election night, if i do not mistake.
it was natural, then, that he was especially ambitious to go down in history as the first master of a steam ship to cross the ocean.
but soon my homestead was out of their sight and thought.
this next year is important; and if i spend it dragging through a nasty divorce business, knowing that everybody knows, i'll be about thirty per cent efficient.
it was only when the policeman who had him by the arm turned and started to lead him away that he realized that sentence had been passed.
you scarcely seem to like your hand, said sydney, with the greatest composure.
i heard all kinds of things about the school and all belonging to it.
both the logic of structure and that of attitude, then, are aided by the use of an outline.
these objections and the modern answers to them will occupy our fifth, sixth, and seventh lectures.
no direct answer could have been half so forcible.
thus our definition affords an analysis of the continuity of motion, while admitting points and instants and denying infinitesimal distances in space or periods in time.
i was prepared for a great change in him, after what i had heard from agnes, but his appearance shocked me.
negotiations were going on, and the yards were full of talk of a strike.
i reply, that depends on the original wildness of the beast, and the amount of taming.
the usefulness of an opinion is itself matter of opinion: as disputable, as open to discussion, and requiring discussion as much, as the opinion itself.
i cannot by any effort of thought conceive the abstract idea above described.
in the following chapter we shall consider briefly the reasons--in my opinion fallacious--which idealists advance in favour of their theory.
all that has been said of the importance of individuality of character, and diversity in opinions and modes of conduct, involves, as of the same unspeakable importance, diversity of education.
i came here, you pure fountain of love, she said, to see--as i began by telling you--what such a thing as you was like.
nature, as we tramp with luncheon and with bait, is in her greatest glory.
the insults to which he had to submit were shocking to read of,--slander, contumely, vulgar satire, brutal malignity, perverting his commonest motives and actions.
it may be only a page in duration; it may cover fifty.
i spoke from the pit of my stomach for the rest of the journey, but i felt completely extinguished, and dreadfully young.
the world ends there, say they; beyond there is nothing but a shoreless sea.
suppose there were to be a fire in this jail!
for men are forbidden to take notice of women, and women are forbidden to take notice of men.
hard cash at that; no paper promises satisfy him; he loves the clink and glint of the real coin.
she motioned to me with her short right arm, to shut the umbrella for her; and passing me hurriedly, went into the kitchen.
we were taking the course i had begun with, and from which i had diverged in the mist.
in its earlier form social-utilitarianism, in common with all nineteenth-century philosophies of law, was too absolute.
what was my indignant surprise when he called upon the company to pledge him to estella!
now, said solomon, stopping at the dark street corner, what do you want?
i am far from sure, now, that it was right to do this, but i did it for my child-wifes sake.
our more elementary beliefs, notably those that are added to sensation to make perception, often remain at the level of images.
the fury of outraged manhood gleamed in it--and the tears of suffering little children pleaded in his voice.
perhaps he would fall back on graduated taxation and inheritance taxes.
peggotty took me in her arms, and blessed and thanked me over and over again for being such a comfort to her (that was what she said) in her distress.
there is no young writer in england from whom one may more confidently expect a continuance of fine work.
i was not aware that there was any individual, alien to this tenement, in your sanctum.
i picked up one, of several that were rolling about, and treasured it as a keepsake for a long time.
in one part, carcases of houses, inauspiciously begun and never finished, rotted away.
and after i had sent them in, i could not keep away from the places where they were, but felt as if they were more hopeful and less desperate when i was near them.
but she did what they all do--took a husband.
he said nothing at the time; but when i was going to bed at night, asked me if i had got that book?
he was more unlike himself than i could have supposed possible.
* we must suppose that the stimulus to the performance of each act is an impulsion from behind, not an attraction from the future.
then he lifted himself up hard, and was dead.
how wemmick received the announcement i am unable to say; for i was afraid to look at him just then, lest mr. jaggerss sharpness should detect that there had been some communication unknown to him between us.
dear me, yes; the party was a lady, i think?
my dear aunt, i replied, no one can form the least idea what she is!
theyd say, returned my sister, curtly, pretty well.
sincerely, honestly, indeed, mr. spenlow, i never thought so, before.
i listened attentively to the good old fellow, and acquiesced, with all my heart, in what he said.
it was dark, and had a dirt floor for the most part, dank, clammy, and aguish, only here a board and there a board which would not bear removal.
i whispered a few words to agnes, who was weeping, half joyfully, half sorrowfully, at my side; and there was a movement among us, as if mr. micawber had finished.
he had never had a fair chance, poor little fellow, she would say.
less than half an hour is consumed in the milking of each cow, the straining, chilling, bottling, and storing of her product.
some time ago, before her fathers death, when i thought it right to mention to her--but ill tell you, if you will bear with me, how it was.
marija spoke without emotion, as one who had come to regard things from the business point of view.
we always used that name for marshes, in our country.
and what narrative, what anecdote, what glancing wit!
while we waited at the gate, i peeped in (even then mr. pumblechook said, and fourteen?
he wanted to see them; he wanted to go home!
said the portentous waiter, fixing his eyes severely on me.
she answered for him, with a burst of tears.
i used to be afraid that i had better have remained your pupil, and almost your child.
good day, sir, said my aunt, and good-bye!
i might not have the hopefulness to do it for weeks; i might (mistaken or not mistaken) have that hopefulness to-morrow.
he holds the oriental rug patent on noah's ark designs.
in order, therefore, to be wholly virtuous it is only necessary to repeat virtuous formulas.
the officer who steered the galley gave the same account of their going overboard.
a year or so ago she used to go like the wind.
we walked about the churchyard for an hour, after all was over; and pulled some young leaves from the tree above my mothers grave.
the latter so received it, and remained silent.
he ran like one possessed, blindly, furiously, looking neither to the right nor left.
toward this the two little workwomen slopped along on squashy feet.
i dined, myself, while those numskulls were deliberating which world you should belong to--this, or some other.
mrs. strongs mama was a lady i took great delight in.
and the boy's eyes light up with discovery.
and past sense-data which are remembered are known to have existed in the past.
at last mr. micawbers difficulties came to a crisis, and he was arrested early one morning, and carried over to the kings bench prison in the borough.
have you considered your years, and my daughters years, mr. copperfield?
it is frequently desirable to break up a long question into a number of short ones to enable the rapid reader to grasp the idea more easily.
miss georgiana, she have twenty pound down.
such a staircase, with its accessories, in the older and more crowded parts of paris, would be bad enough now; but, at that time, it was vile indeed to unaccustomed and unhardened senses.
but i made a modest reply, and we shook hands warmly.
said mr. creakle, this is very gratifying.
it was poisonous to me to see him in the town, for i very well knew why he had come there.
it is for him to find out what part of recorded experience is properly applicable to his own circumstances and character.
this group morality is very much in evidence during war, and is taken for granted in men's ordinary thought.
the nation did not need to be protected against its own will.
mr. chestle wants to know you, mr. copperfield.
my aunt and i were at that time vacating the two cottages at highgate; i intending to go abroad, and she to return to her house at dover.
is there anything more i can have the honour of doing for you, sir?
i became very glowing again, and, expressing myself in a rhapsodical style, i am afraid, urged my request strongly; reminding the doctor that i had already a profession.
each girl takes care of her own bedroom.
the world we have constructed can, with a certain amount of trouble, be used to interpret the crude facts of sense, the facts of physics, and the facts of physiology.
the offender may then be justly punished by opinion though not by law.
the essay has about it the exquisite flavor of personality such as we find in the cavalier lads who rode to feasting or to death with equal grace and charm.
it was the elder who replied, 'since about this hour last night.'
theres a strong resemblance between you and your poor father, sir.
but no one knows, not even you, he returned, how much she has done, how much she has undergone, how hard she has striven.
since the savannah was primarily a sailing vessel, the loss of steam power by the crippling of the engine would not be serious, as she could continue on her way with paddle-wheels removed and under full sail.
she laid down her knitting, and began to pin her rose in her head-dress, before she looked at the figure.
he has much more in common with the president of a free state than with the king by divine right.
i was inquiring, said i, whether mr. traddles, at number two in the court, has not a rising reputation among the lawyers?
then she showed us those of her two brothers--one now fighting at salonica, the other a prisoner of war--of her mother and father, of herself dressed for first communion.
the sergeant and i were in the kitchen when mrs. joe stood staring; at which crisis i partially recovered the use of my senses.
men paid him wages for work, and so helped to feed and clothe him; but he never exchanged opinions with them.
before shrewsbury, and at shrewsbury, and ever since shrewsbury, pursued carton, you have fallen into your rank, and i have fallen into mine.
they were all leaning their arms on the counter close together, speaking low.
observant of his unwillingness to mar the effect by opening it again, defarge said, go on, jacques.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
said mrs. pocket, looking off her book for a moment, everybodys tumbling!
at length the jackal had got together a compact repast for the lion, and proceeded to offer it to him.
i went there, not to attend to what was going on, but to think about dora.
it follows at once that any finite number can be added to a reflexive number without increasing it.
i established with myself, on these occasions, the reputation of a first-rate man of business,prompt, decisive, energetic, clear, cool-headed.
for the usual agent's commission she is selling one of my manuscripts.
i esteem her for her good sense, as much as i admire her for her good looks.
the bee is head and shoulders in one of the half-filled cells, and is oblivious to everything else about it.
and a certain action of her fingers, as she spoke, arrested my attention.
i cannot describe the state of mind into which i was thrown by this intelligence.
but seeing how strongly she desired to remain quiet, and feeling that it was my own natural inclination too, at such a time, i did not attempt to break the silence.
belief in what is reported by the testimony of others, including all that we learn from books, is of course involved in the doubt as to whether other people have minds at all.
you brought your adoration and your portmanteau here together.
the vision fired this irish girl to a pitch of enthusiasm peculiar to the celtic temperament.
i think our schoolmaster might have made them happier, without doing any harm to any of us, i acknowledge, i returned.
my sorrow may bear involuntary witness against you at the judgement throne; but my angry thoughts or my reproaches never will, i know!
fallacious proofs of this proposition have been published by many writers, including myself, but up to the present no valid proof has been discovered.
the sergeant made some kind of report, and some entry in a book, and then the convict whom i call the other convict was drafted off with his guard, to go on board first.
until tonight, i have had uninterrupted occasion to bless the day on which i did her great injustice.
there are no larger fields than these, no worthier games than may here be played.
of all machines in the world, the gyroscope is the simplest, for, in its essential form, it is no more than a wheel revolving.
he grasped them heartily, raised them to his lips, kissed them, and still held them.
he chuckled and began to cut the grass furiously, reminding me of a thoroughbred hunter i once saw harnessed to a plow.
it is blind devotion, unquestioning self-humiliation, utter submission, trust and belief against yourself and against the whole world, giving up your whole heart and soul to the smiteras i did!
when are you likely to have seen these dread powers, doctor manette?
without proper facts you can never reach a sound conclusion.
to picture the great potato-digging machine, run by electricity, perhaps, and moving across a thousand-acre field, scooping up earth and potatoes, and dropping the latter into sacks!
thus, even in civilized communities, the embryo man passes through the hunter stage of development.
to sum up, sir, said wemmick, mr. jaggers was altogether too many for the jury, and they gave in.
no, biddy, it makes no difference to me; only i dont like it; i dont approve of it.
it's a case of us or the other fellow, and i say the other fellow, every time, he observed.
the doctor looked grave, and said, as though he wished to change the subject, then theres no news at all; and no news, they say, is good news.
the people closed round, and looked at monsieur the marquis.
the new york of o. henry, already almost erased physically, remains a personality and an identity.
all i have in the world is in this room, except the cottage; and that i have left janet to let.
when the lesson hour is on, we not only teach, but must see that each girl's work is adapted to her needs, as they come from a dozen different schools.
example to other factory, which is the largest white firms goods muslin underwear plant in the veiled suggestion to world, will doubtless serve as an example readers to be followed by other firms.
you doent know what it is to lose your child.
you can find traces of the two men any place you go in the woods of darien or norwalk.
in view of the multiplicity of possible appeals, a writer may be misled into undertaking to do too many diverse things in a single article.
i wondered what to do, and how, and whether.
i do not know of any poetry to quote which adequately expresses this yearning for the wild.
theres charley pyegrave, the dukes son, she said.
it permits the reader to taste, in order to whet his appetite.
i should wish mother to be got into my state.
when its fine, and we go out for a walk in the evening, the streets abound in enjoyment for us.
what i have to do is to see, at any rate, that i do not lend myself to the wrong which i condemn.
this short examination followed, for the court was quick with its work.
so i said boldly, as if i had originated it, and must beg to insist upon it, massive and concrete.
said william in my ear, as he handled the reins.
jurgis demanded; and then, seeing marija hesitating, he cried again, who's with her?
prophecies as to the future of the universe, for example, are not the business of philosophy; whether the universe is progressive, retrograde, or stationary, it is not for the philosopher to say.
but, bringing his chair nearer, and laying one hand upon my knee--clouds, sir--clouds.
but would you have any objections to my laying down before the fire?
in the first place, it is not final, can be changed at will, and makes no extraordinary demands on the powers of expression.
to show the opportunity for a host of authors.
eleventh, law has been thought of as a body or system of rules imposed on men in society by the dominant class for the time being in furtherance, conscious or unconscious, of its own interest.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
no starving now, trotwood, said mr. dick, shaking hands with me in a corner.
dear me, copperfield, thats sharp practice!
it will be the scene, too, of many open air performances.
a man was speaking there--jurgis heard his voice vaguely; but all his thoughts were for this woman's face.
mr. jones pierces the shell here and there, but never removes it.
it is easy, however, to be misled by grammar, particularly if all the languages we know belong to one family.
they dont mind what they ask of me, the subordinate; but youll never catch em asking any questions of my principal.
exactly what was perfectly manifest to me at the moment.
but the mere fact that we are able to infer what our tactile sensations would be shows that it is not logically necessary to assume tactile qualities before they are felt.
he was able to run fanning's machine while the latter temporarily filled the shoes of the absent schuyler.
thick-specs' first actual sale was not a motor truck at all, but a motorcycle, made by another company.
my duty is to my country and the people.
this was not upon the whole very comforting to a rapturous lover; but i was glad to have my aunt in my confidence, and i was mindful of her being fatigued.
it is very high; it is a little difficult.
youd be as bald as a friar on the top of your head in twelve months, but for me.
remember what he is going to assist us in, said herbert, and be calm.
these ways may be called 'psychological inference'.
i said, what a set of humbugs we were in general, and i showed you the scraps of the princes nails to prove it.
he would never be told anything about it; he would never get any more satisfaction than he had gotten just now; but he would always find when the time came that he was not needed.
i was proud of his interest: deeply, fondly, gratefully attached to him.
and yet they awakened something in me, bringing promise to my heart.
when miss havisham had fixed her attention on me, she said, speaking as if there had been no lapse in our dialogue, what else?
his shop was shut and he was not there, which was a relief to lucie, and left her quite alone.
there is no extent of mere weakness, clara, said mr. murdstone in reply, that can have the least weight with me.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
were you newly released on the occasion in question?
mr. dolloby, not without some grumbling, gave ninepence.
before we got to the street door, startop was cheerily calling drummle old boy, as if nothing had happened.
nine out of every ten have been adjusted by our eight picked arbitrators, who tour the state, visiting promptly each scene of an accident and adjusting the compensation as quickly as possible.
i got away from him, without knowing how i did it, and mended the fire in the room where we had been together, and sat down by it, afraid to go to bed.
but now i mean to do it, returned the doctor.
a second point is that, when we recognize something, it was not in fact the very same thing, but only something similar, that we experienced on a former occasion.
i could not speak to him in reply, though i tried.
maybe you can guess that if youd had such a friend, youd have got into a way of being fond of him in course of time, and that my niece was kiender daughter-like to me.
a man cant help his feelings, mr. wemmick, pleaded mike.
ever pointing upward, agnes; ever leading me to something better; ever directing me to higher things!
in order to be valid, however, according to juristic theory the distinction must lie in the nature of things, and it was generalized accordingly.
and we have one which is most easily handled, most easily remembered, least likely to allow us to escape into empty wandering.
this analysis i shall give in later lectures as regards cognition; i have already given it as regards desire.
nor may judicial decision ignore their special aspects and exclude all individualization in application without sacrificing the social interest in the individual life through making justice too wooden and mechanical.
belinda, remonstrated mr. pocket, from the other end of the table, how can you be so unreasonable?
every tree sends its fibers forth in search of the wild.
i should like to be, said i, glancing at the slate as he held it; with a misgiving that the writing was rather hilly.
it is the wisdom of animals that has suggested the view.
the familiar bridge, on which so many of our safe sea-days have been spent, is canted at an angle that makes foothold uneasy.
he knew beforehand what the price of his luxury was; he has paid the price.
we do not like to think that other people, if they knew enough, could predict our actions, though we know that we can often predict those of other people, especially if they are elderly.
said miss dartle, nodding her head thoughtfully.
i have proved myself, and i know better.
the absolute idea, therefore, is adequate to describe absolute reality; but all lower ideas only describe reality as it appears to a partial view, not as it is to one who simultaneously surveys the whole.
their pieces were cocked and levelled when we all ran in.
the center of the placard was occupied by a house, brilliantly painted, new, and dazzling.
at last, one day, i meet the misses nettingalls establishment out walking.
in my case i selected that paper in chicago which in my judgment went into the greatest number of prosperous homes, and whose pages were kept clean of quack and swindling advertisements.
by that time the river had lifted us a little, so that we could see above the bank.
for every one that jurgis spoke to assured him that it was a waste of time to seek employment for the old man in packingtown.
but i also mean by moral atmosphere the peace, the serenity, the gentleness, the self-respect, the feeling of character, that pervaded the office.
you deny it with the best intentions; but dont do it, copperfield.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
but we gathered all the things we found and we brought them to our work place.
the most unlikely person i could think of,--though his own face had suggested the allusion quite as a natural sequence.
but, though i looked all round with anxious eyes, i could see nothing of him.
there must be present, first of all, the desire to know philosophical truth, and this desire must be sufficiently strong to survive through years when there seems no hope of its finding any satisfaction.
they have only been read as the multitude read the stars, at most astrologically, not astronomically.
whether it was a son who would some day avenge his father.
by direct advertising i mean the mailing of letters and circulars to a list of names in the hope of selling something to persons whose names are on that list.
she did not greatly alter in appearance.
he kept me waiting so long, that i fervently hoped the club would fine him for being late.
at length the reply from mr. murdstone came, and my aunt informed me, to my infinite terror, that he was coming to speak to her herself on the next day.
it consists in rendering them to him and in not interfering with his having and using them within the defined limits.
in this conception, there is undeniably something sublime, something to which we could wish to yield assent.
some such picture, with no real world in it, bright with the light of our innocence, and vague as the stars afar off, was in my mind all the way.
it was a large, dark room, furnished in a funereal manner with black horsehair, and loaded with heavy dark tables.
in the same chapter of dr. drever's book there are some interesting examples of the mistakes made by instinct.
then they would have some frightful experiences with the cold.
when liberated, the bees, as they always will in such cases, go off in the same directions they have been going; they do not seem to know that they have been moved.
legal standards of conduct appear first in roman equity.
the following illustrative method, simplified so as to be easily manipulated, has been invented by dr whitehead for the purpose of showing how points might be manufactured from sense-data.
said mr. jorkins, stopping at the door to shake his head.
i know that when she is clinging to you, the hands of baby, girl, and woman, all in one, are round your neck.
it is the premium and the feast which tempt him.
but jurgis knew none of these things--any more than he knew that scully was but a tool and puppet of the packers.
there was a good fire in the room, and a breathless smell of warm black crape--i did not know what the smell was then, but i know now.
it was the certainty of this fact that impelled me to offer the hint.
all our schemes are futile, for we do not know the end, and that which seems to us evil may serve some ultimate good, and that which seems right may pave the path to wrong.
not satisfied with all these proceedings, but burning with impatience to do something more, i went to see traddles, now lodging up behind the parapet of a house in castle street, holborn.
indifferent, my dear sir, returned mr. micawber, sighing.
to make his example the more impressive, mr. micawber drank a glass of punch with an air of great enjoyment and satisfaction, and whistled the college hornpipe.
but a wheel revolving is the vehicle of many physical principles, and the sum of them is that which is known as gyroscopic action.
it was the beginning of democracy with him.
on my presenting myself at mrs. brandleys, estellas maid was called to tell that estella had gone into the country.
my lamp burns low, and i have written far into the night; but the dear presence, without which i were nothing, bears me company.
such a possession is only possible in a state of civil society.
in this question it is scarcely possible to reach any very precise result: all our knowledge of truths is infected with some degree of doubt, and a theory which ignored this fact would be plainly wrong.
defarge stopped short, and stared at him.
the application to actual space and time will not be in question to begin with.
they came to a residence district, and he sprang up a lamppost and blew out the light, and then the two dodged into the shelter of an area step and hid in silence.
yes, joseph, says you, here pumblechook shook his head and hand at me, he knows my total deficiency of common human gratitoode.
if there be among those whom it is attempted to coerce into prudence or temperance, any of the material of which vigorous and independent characters are made, they will infallibly rebel against the yoke.
we had an excellent breakfast, and when any one declined anything on table, wemmick said, provided by contract, you know; dont be afraid of it!
i hazarded a bold flight, and said (not without stammering) that it was very bright to me then, though it had been very dark to me a minute before.
these cars, equipped like a hotel, will sweep along with the motion of an ice-yacht.
young copperfield, said steerforth, coming forward up the room, stop a bit.
halloran had quite a list of imaginary workingmen, and jurgis got an envelope for each one.
thus understanding in this sense may be reduced to mere physiological causal laws.
a mysterious voice from the end of the passage replied yes.
mrs. gummidge had never made any other remark than a forlorn sigh, and had never raised her eyes since tea.
here i was able to get some comforts for magwitch,provis no longer,who had received some very severe injury in the chest, and a deep cut in the head.
now much disturbed, and dazzled with conflicting gleams of hope and dread, i looked at her for some explanation.
the first person whom i saw, to my surprise, by the sober light of the shaded lamp, was uriah.
it is not logically necessary to the existence of a memory-belief that the event remembered should have occurred, or even that the past should have existed at all.
on one particularly fortunate day he killed three, a husband and wife and a visiting relative.
to my imagination it retained throughout the day more or less of this auroral character, reminding me of a certain house on a mountain which i had visited the year before.
i have read of a man who lived many thousands of years ago, and of all the names in these books, his is the one i wish to bear.
we shall be ready by the trying-on time, she replied gaily, without looking up.
there is a place that waits for the lowest man--the fertilizer plant!
he opened his mouth as wide as he could, and shut it with a sounding snap of his teeth.
and some facts of comparison, such as the likeness or unlikeness of two shades of colour, are certainly to be included among hard data.
i took heart to tell him that i had had nothing all night, and that if he would allow me to buy something to eat, i should be very much obliged to him.
liberty, equality, fraternity, or death!
if we trace any indo-european language back far enough, we arrive hypothetically (at any rate according to some authorities) at the stage when language consisted only of the roots out of which subsequent words have grown.
he is always coming nearer, but he never makes up to it.
with that integral experience of things in the environment, out of which sensation is extracted by psychological analysis.
have you followed the chain of accidents, coincidences, and fortunate circumstances?
it was pleasant weather, and on the road we made my domestic happiness the theme of conversation.
i have not worn anybodys life away, said peggotty, i am thankful to think!
she had stated therein that she had fallen into adversity, and was leaving dover for good, but had quite made up her mind to it, and was so well that nobody need be uncomfortable about her.
i warmed the ale and made the toast on the usual infallible principles.
i went softly towards it, meaning to peep over the flowers, when joe and biddy stood before me, arm in arm.
the moon began to rise, and i thought of the pressure on my hand when i had spoken the last words he had heard on earth.
good drainage is very necessary and in the past has been very hard to secure.
the amount of it is, the imagination give it the least license, dives deeper and soars higher than nature goes.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
find some simplifying device such as the one suggested for the reaper and binder, for any of the following mechanisms, and indicate how you would relate the parts of the machine to the device.
there were a few customers, drinking or not drinking, standing or seated, sprinkled about.
dialogue and description are very frequently employed in relating incidents, even when the greater part of the incident is told in the writer's own words.
with a hope ever darkening, and with a heart always growing heavier and heavier, mr. lorry passed through this anxious time.
we have not liked it, but we have been unable to escape it.
one of johnson's strongest and most inveterate feelings was his veneration for the cloth.
doctor manette was very cheerful at the little supper.
then, the grey water of both began to be ghostly in the light, and the eyes of the stone faces of the chateau were opened.
jurgis ought to have been at his place in the fertilizer mill; but instead he was waiting, in an agony of fear, for ona.
the notion that actions are performed by an agent is liable to the same kind of criticism as the notion that thinking needs a subject or ego, which we rejected in lecture i.
presumably a child never more earnestly desires to commit murder than when some little willie or susie has been held up as a model.
and there should be no room for the indiscriminate applause of bad performances which so often grieve the hearts of judicious listeners.
i glanced at herberts home, and at his character, and at his having no means but such as he was dependent on his father for; those, uncertain and unpunctual.
i suspect that pilpay & co. have put animals to their best use, for they are all beasts of burden, in a sense, made to carry some portion of our thoughts.
thus, when othello judges that desdemona loves cassio, othello is the subject, while the objects are desdemona and loving and cassio.
most of them prefer the two-step, especially the young, with whom it is the fashion.
but, after you have gone home, dont go back here.
philosophy of law is raising its head throughout the world.
the particulars in one set are collected together by the laws of perspective; the successive sets are collected together by the laws of dynamics.
they are several feet wide, and long enough to reach right down into the water.
he may create this interest and stir his readers to action by either one of two methods: by exposing existing evils, or by showing what has been done to improve bad conditions.
methinks i hear them barking behind the peterboro hills, or panting up the western slope of the green mountains.
just as astronomy lost much of its human interest when it ceased to be astrology, so philosophy must lose in attractiveness as it grows less prodigal of promises.
writing of general judah p. benjamin, of the american civil war, mr. gamaliel bradford says: benjamin was a jew.
he had since seen her, in the section of saint antoine, over and over again produce her knitted registers, and denounce people whose lives the guillotine then surely swallowed up.
i am the umble instrument of umbly serving him, and he puts me on an eminence i hardly could have hoped to reach.
he sees his home one more night; then he is off to st. louis again--started on a fresh round of his eternal schedule.
i took my dear child away last night, mr. peggotty began, as he raised his eyes to ours, to my lodging, wheer i have a long time been expecting of her and preparing fur her.
but consider which states applied the rule and which rejected it.
they were in what is called a good position, and visited, and were visited by, numbers of people.
little emily was passing that day at mr. omers.
if our theory of desire is correct, a belief as to its purpose may very well be erroneous, since only experience can show what causes a discomfort to cease.
if miss murdstone were in her worst, i intensified it.
the following references are to the second edition.
i would not unduly praise the virtue of restraint.
as it was half dark up above, perhaps one of the others had best go up first with a candle.
and she sails-- madam, he replied, i am informed that we must positively be on board before seven tomorrow morning.
the delight with which he entered into these particulars, did not fully present itself to me until afterwards; for my selfish thoughts were making a ground-plan of mr. spenlows house and garden at the same moment.
mr. lorry and monsieur defarge had made all ready for the journey, and had brought with them, besides travelling cloaks and wrappers, bread and meat, wine, and hot coffee.
he was not crying when he made the pauses i shall express by lines.
i never expected anything less, than this unfortunates manner of getting me out of my difficulty.
our modern way of putting it is only an incident of the nineteenth-century dogma that everything must be owned.
the day seems different to me from every other day, and the light not of the same colour--of a sadder colour.
it seemed strange, it was even terrible, when you came to find out the universality of the sentiment; but it was certainly the fact--they hated their work.
with the coming of vacation time the ratio was reversed.
peggotty, who had not said a word or moved a finger, secured the fastenings instantly, and we all went into the parlour.
then, why dont you tell him so, you ridiculous thing?
i know i did this selfishly, to have my name brought before her; but i tried to believe it was an act of justice to his memory.
perhaps, observed traddles, it was mere purposeless impertinence?
the sight of human affairs deserves admiration and pity.
in silence they go walking up and down together, walking up and down together, till her love and company have brought him to himself.
yet who is there that is not afraid to recognise and assert this truth?
it was all nothing but robbery, and there was no safety but in keeping out of it.
glass is blown by three methods: hand-blowing, semi-automatic blowing, and automatic blowing.
whether mr. murdstone knew where i was, i am unable to say.
and at his death he loves always to send urgently for his bishop, who is solacing, though powerless to save.
he made a living at it, but it was getting harder all the time, because his eyes were failing.
among the many reasons which make me glad to have been born in england, one of the first is that i read shakespeare in my mother tongue.
i think it will be conceded by my most disputatious reader, that she could hardly have directed an unfortunate boy to do anything in the wide world more difficult to be done under the circumstances.
such a one might make a good shepherds dog, but is far from being the good shepherd.
this creature succeeded by other means than temperance and purity.
i saw in this the reason for my being staved off so long and the reason for my late guardians declining to commit himself to the formal knowledge of such a scheme.
but it is not so easy to carry out in practice as it is to draw in theory.
sounding mr. cruncher, and finding him of her opinion, miss pross resorted to the good republican brutus of antiquity, attended by her cavalier.
for i never was less disposed to forgive him the way he used to batter traddles, than when i saw traddles so ready to forgive him himself.
a man will not need to study history to find out what is best for his own culture.
very little of these trades, or of a lonely lodger rumoured to live up-stairs, or of a dim coach-trimming maker asserted to have a counting-house below, was ever heard or seen.
pray dont tell me to my face that you love my daughter, mr. copperfield!
a pat of butter underneath the bough, a wedge of cheese, a loaf of bread and--thou.
when my ablutions were completed, i was put into clean linen of the stiffest character, like a young penitent into sackcloth, and was trussed up in my tightest and fearfullest suit.
i am aware that i have been on many a mans premises, and might have been legally ordered off, but i am not aware that i have been in many mens houses.
no, i have not been intimate with mr. wickfield, returned traddles; or i might perhaps have waited on you long ago, mr. heep.
first there were the splitters, the most expert workmen in the plant, who earned as high as fifty cents an hour, and did not a thing all day except chop hogs down the middle.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
in the chart room there are rolls of strange maps plotting out the ocean floor, and on a shelf by itself rests the tangible evidence that this search means gold.
but wemmick was equally untiring and gentle in his vigilance, and the aged read on, quite unconscious of his many rescues.
historical and biographical material can best be presented in narrative form.
early in april the city elections were due, and that meant prosperity for all the powers of graft.
among the earliest greek philosophers, the ionians were more scientific and the sicilians more mystical.
a clever caption adds much to the attractiveness of an illustration.
but the more he asked mrs. micawber to look up, the more she fixed her eyes on nothing; and the more he asked her to compose herself, the more she wouldnt.
we had scarcely done so, when uriah heep put in his red head and his lank hand at the door, and said: heres mr. maldon begs the favour of a word, sir.
all these things are carefully avoided by the young, most of whom have learned to speak english and to affect the latest style of clothing.
he had more foolish names than wogg, that dog of mrs. stevenson's, and heard more little language than stella ever did, reciprocating by kissing proffered ears in his doggy way.
the modern journalist knows that anything can be made interesting to anybody, if he takes pains enough with the writing of it.
the administrative tribunals, which are setting up on every hand, are most called for and prove most effective as means of regulating the conduct of enterprises.
as she had mentioned her husband's name in the faith that i knew it, i added no mention of it to my letter.
i had more visitors while i lived in the woods than at any other period in my life; i mean that i had some.
oh, but you know, returned uriah, with a grin, i should really be delighted!
its a weakness to be so affectionate, but i cant help it.
this is altogether a walworth sentiment, please.
and so, young gentleman, he added, after a few moments further rubbing of his chin, that you may not consider me long-winded as well as short-breathed, i believe thats all about it.
it was a dark winter day, and what with the shadows within, and what with the shadows without, he could but dimly discern the others who were brought there to have their arms bound.
miss havisham sent for me, sir, i explained.
the orator sat in a chair, with his shoulders sunk together and his eyes half closed; his face was ghastly pale, almost greenish in hue, and one arm lay limp at his side.
thus his moral ground is taken from under his feet.
it was easy for me to find out, and i did soon find out, that drummle had begun to follow her closely, and that she allowed him to do it.
those i.o.u.s, and so forth, which mr. micawber gave him for the advances he had-- well!
whence taking in all numbers, both squares and not squares, if i should say, that the not squares are more than the squares, should i not be in the right?
i would have gone to his assistance, but he waved me off, and wouldnt hear a word.
let my men rush forth to the edge of the hostile country.
such a present of plate as you have made 'em, is enough to bring tears into anybody's eyes.
it is the case of a shock from which the sufferer recovered, by a process that he cannot trace himself--as i once heard him publicly relate in a striking manner.
i may be wrong, but i have formed that opinion.
it is obvious, to begin with, that we are acquainted with such universals as white, red, black, sweet, sour, loud, hard, etc., i.e.
but while those who treat literature in this penny-wise and virtue-foolish spirit are themselves truly in possession of a better light, it does not follow that the treatment is decent or improving, whether for themselves or others.
when night fell he was pacing up and down his cell like a wild beast that breaks its teeth upon the bars of its cage.
dolge orlick was at work and present, next day, when i reminded joe of my half-holiday.
his assailant had hit him too hard, and he was suffering from concussion of the brain; and also he had been half-frozen when found, and would lose three fingers on his right hand.
by degrees, wemmick got dryer and harder as we went along, and his mouth tightened into a post-office again.
well, boy, uncle pumblechook began, as soon as he was seated in the chair of honor by the fire.
youre right, said wemmick; its the genuine look.
my mother left the mill and the plantation in the hands of my grown brothers--i was one of ten children, by the way--and came to hannibal.
a labor union, thus treated, is a body of men who individually have slight power of resisting organized capital, but can collectively obtain their rights and demands.
we were always more or less miserable, and most of our acquaintance were in the same condition.
i remember well one gaunt nimrod who would catch up a leaf by the road-side and play a strain on it wilder and more melodious, if my memory serves me, than any hunting-horn.
mr. lorry immediately remembered, and regarded his new visitor with an undisguised look of abhorrence.
in every such case you would wish, first of all, to tell the truth.
the child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, a life you love.
the ice in the pond was not yet dissolved, though there were some open spaces, and it was all dark colored and saturated with water.
but i am afraid i had a supreme satisfaction, of a personal and professional nature, in taking charge of mr. barkiss will, and expounding its contents.
to find each week for reprint a poem appropriate in sentiment to the feeling of the paper.
my mind flew back to salem house; and could it be tommy, i thought, who used to draw the skeletons!
that, in the same moment, we saw mrs. strong glide in, pale and trembling.
it was mr. micawber, with his eye-glass, and his walking-stick, and his shirt-collar, and his genteel air, and the condescending roll in his voice, all complete!
we might understand all the separate words of a sentence without understanding the sentence: if a sentence is long and complicated, this is apt to happen.
said one of these three to monsieur defarge.
if i understand any noddle in the world, i understand yours.
heaven is the work of the best and kindest men and women.
*the exact definition of a piece of matter as a construction will be given later.
i, personally, do not profess to be able to analyse the sensations constituting respectively memory, expectation and assent; but i am not prepared to say that they cannot be analysed.
the applause continued for several minutes; and then some one started a song, and the crowd took it up, and the place shook with it.
while he was there, my sister had been seen standing at the kitchen door, and had exchanged good night with a farm-laborer going home.
it means that we are ceasing to think of it in terms of private right and are thinking of it in terms of social function.
the conversation, the incident, the example, or the summary of which it consists, should be complete in itself.
some of you may be dissolute now and may look forward to becoming like one of the nice old fellows in a wordsworth poem.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
then jurgis went out again and paced up and down before the building.
he put his hand upon my shoulder, as it had been his custom to do when i was quite a little fellow, but did not lift his grey head.
however, mad or sane, he tried, returned miss mowcher.
a short walk brought us--i mean the master and me--to salem house, which was enclosed with a high brick wall, and looked very dull.
standing at this table, i became conscious of the servile pumblechook in a black cloak and several yards of hatband, who was alternately stuffing himself, and making obsequious movements to catch my attention.
i will state at the outset the view which i shall aim at establishing.
i was startled, for i had some shadowy idea (and i am afraid i must add, hope) that joe had divorced her in a favor of the lords of the admiralty, or treasury.
if christians would teach infidels to be just to christianity, they should themselves be just to infidelity.
picture-making words and those imitative of sounds, as well as figures of speech, may be used to advantage in descriptive beginnings.
of the natural-law theories, some proceed on a conception of principles of natural reason derived from the nature of things, some on conceptions of human nature.
i feel in a misty and unsettled kind of state; as if i had got up very early in the morning a week or two ago, and had never been to bed since.
there was some hushing, and the judge went on with what he had to say to the rest.
but i would hold a pretty wager, sir, that a house like tellson and company was flourishing, a matter of fifty, not to speak of fifteen years ago?
we all remained silent, and occupied with our own reflections (my aunt drying her eyes, and now sobbing convulsively, and now laughing and calling herself a fool); until i spoke.
to gain experience and impressions for their articles, special writers on newspapers even assume temporarily the roles of persons whose lives and experiences they desire to portray.
yet the people of any given age and country no more suspect any difficulty in it, than if it were a subject on which mankind had always been agreed.
it is not necessary that a man should earn his living by the sweat of his brow, unless he sweats easier than i do.
we do not know any proposition of the form 'a is the candidate who will get most votes' where a is one of the candidates by name.
your hands are slippery, and your knife is slippery, and you are toiling like mad, when somebody happens to speak to you, or you strike a bone.
well, said i, glad to have closed the bargain, ill take eighteenpence.
many men have been likened to it, but few deserve that honor.
jerry, the messenger, who had made his own observations, in his own manner, and who had been sucking the rust off his fingers in his absorption, stretched his neck to hear who they were.
the fingers of the knitting women were vicious, with the experience that they could tear.
the hawk is aerial brother of the wave which he sails over and surveys, those his perfect air-inflated wings answering to the elemental unfledged pinions of the sea.
agnes is worth the whole firm, in my opinion.
they were protected or use of them was regulated and secured by interdicts.
if he seems sometimes to obscure a fact, it is only because he is restoring an experience.
how can i be otherwise, my own love, when i see your empty chair?
think of this now, mr. and mrs. micawber.
i only know that i swim about in space, with a blue angel, in a state of blissful delirium, until i find myself alone with her in a little room, resting on a sofa.
i could only repeat this daring speculation with the same kind of feeling with which i had repeated the preceding question.
and yet i could not trace this to miss havisham.
it was as if their hopes were buried in separate graves.
no man spoke, but the steersman held up his hand, and all softly backed water, and kept the boat straight and true before it.
say that likewise, retorted pumblechook.
then i took up my little portmanteau and walked out.
this lasted twenty-six hours from the time when i first saw her.
and, after raising this fictitious alarm, darting in again with an undutiful grin.
mr. conrad's career is too well known to be annotated here.
the church not being thrown open, he was, as i have said, our clerk.
some of these principles have even greater evidence than the principle of induction, and the knowledge of them has the same degree of certainty as the knowledge of the existence of sense-data.
a stranger or so makes an agreeable change, suggested peggotty.
i kissed her, and went upstairs with my candle directly, before they came in.
is franklin the only man who is lost, that his wife should be so earnest to find him?
but i am skeptical as to the possibility of an absolute judgment.
we looked back, and he was standing at the door of a little lodge, where he lived, with a pair of boots in his hand.
by the surgeons directions, her bed was carried into that room and laid upon the great table, which happened to be well suited to the dressing of her injuries.
but for our acquaintance with the contents of our own minds, we should be unable to imagine the minds of others, and therefore we could never arrive at the knowledge that they have minds.
i will speak to you by and by--another time.
other communities in niagara and in other counties were writing in for details of the plan, to the end of getting the same thing started in their sections.
she looked so steadfastly at me: with a kind of doubt, or pity, or suspense in her affection: that i summoned the stronger determination to show her a perfectly cheerful face.
i received this letter by the post on monday morning, and therefore its appointment was for next day.
if i could order it to be done, i would have this girl whipped to death.
o dear, good, compassionate sir, for the truth!
when that person discloses, my part in this business will cease and determine.
he was rather a shallow sort of young gentleman, i thought, with a handsome face, a rapid utterance, and a confident, bold air.
but our ways are different ways, none the less.
we began the search at once; mr. jorkins unlocking the drawers and desks, and we all taking out the papers.
he loved his country, and couldn't bear it, and had given information.
i will mention a few other examples of insights with the proviso that they are not specially commended to the man whose quest in the short story is the electrifying or the calorific.
he was exhausted and half-dazed, and besides he saw the blue uniforms of the policemen.
you shall have some eggs, and judge for yourself.
the field is allowed to lie fallow, and often to grow up with weeds, trusting to time to rest and enrich it.
he had a soul worth millions of the friends to whom he stooped!
if my time had run out, it would have left me still at the height of my perplexities, i dare say.
i met several there under more favorable circumstances than i could any where else.
the company that operates those cars prefers to discriminate--and it does discriminate.
she is young, und she might haf got over it, und been vell und strong, if she had been treated right.
suppose that you are explaining how to learn to swim--is not the thought of waving one's arms and legs in dreamy or frantic rhythm as he lies prone across the piano bench humorous?
upon my honour, said mr. micawber, indefinitely kissing his hand and bowing with his genteelest air, i do homage to miss wickfield!
i had ninety pounds a year (exclusive of my house-rent and sundry collateral matters) from my aunt.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
with which he took them out, and gave them, not to miss havisham, but to me.
i stopped, fearing i might say too much, or had already said it, and we took another look at each other.
often formulas are conveniently elastic so that they may or may not apply.
be gooddeserve itand abide by mr. jaggerss instructions.
was that when we had a difference of opinion?
by the time the wren has nested these winter babies will be solemn with the wisdom of their famous race.
the relation 'in' is something which we can think about and understand, for, if we could not understand it, we could not understand the sentence 'i am in my room'.
mr. jorkins thinks a thousand pounds too little, in short.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
i do it because it's politic; i do it on principle.
if you please!--which they didnt like at all, because it woke them.
if i hesitated, she was taken with that wonderful disorder which was always lying in ambush in her system, ready, at the shortest notice, to prey upon her vitals.
in using a book, employ the table of contents and the index to save time.
she looked at me, with some fluttering wonder in her face.
the heart and hand of the good angel spenlow would have been always open, but for the restraining demon jorkins.
there was a courtyard in front, and that was barred; so we had to wait, after ringing the bell, until some one should come to open it.
i should have done so, without the preparation, as he had shaken hands with no one yet.
no wonder that the average man--that any one--believes in it.
scanty and insufficient suppers those, and innocent of meat, as of most other sauce to wretched bread.
a bell rang, and in a few seconds the door was opened.
i find it wholesome to be alone the greater part of the time.
the patient was a woman of great beauty, and young; assuredly not much past twenty.
come rack, come ruin, it will die at work.
this ground for his view depends, therefore, upon his ignorance of the logical theory of order and his oscillations between absolute and relative space.
it makes me wretched that you should encourage a man so generally despised as drummle.
and he had worse than insult to undergo,--to own to fault, and deprecate the anger of ruffians.
the poker got into my dozing thoughts besides, and wouldnt come out.
i know it was a good squeeze, because, being very plump, whenever she made any little exertion after she was dressed, some of the buttons on the back of her gown flew off.
we may well think of this time, as it thought of itself, as a period of maturity of law.
so new to him, she muttered, so old to me; so strange to him, so familiar to me; so melancholy to both of us!
was the abrupt inquiry that made him start.
if your hero is by nature an aristocrat, if his sympathies are limited to the few choice people of the world, his life-problem is radically different from that of the natural democrat like abraham lincoln.
something more serious must be wrong this time.
i have had unformed ideas of striving afresh, beginning anew, shaking off sloth and sensuality, and fighting out the abandoned fight.
although i think i had never really feared it, in any season of cool reflection, it was an unspeakable relief to me to have this assurance from her own truthful lips.
only the privilege of getting up at five to go trout-fishing, or the delight of riding all morning cross-saddle to eat a crumby luncheon in a buggy forest at noon.
but prominent in it was a draped table with a gilded looking-glass, and that i made out at first sight to be a fine ladys dressing-table.
otherwise mere objects of the exercise of the will, exempted therefrom by operation of law, would be raised to the dignity of free-willing subjects, although they have no subjective claim to be respected.
his constraint was so manifest, and it was so manifest, too, that it originated in an unwillingness to approach the subject, that charles darnay hesitated.
the inconsistency and recklessness of traddles were not to be exceeded by any real politician.
it looked in mine, passed across the narrow lane, and disappeared.
you are a rich man, upon my life, to waste wages in that way.
it was a bit of the art of an old bailey tactician, in which he found great relief.
of course, a stream running through, or an island in the pond, would make the problem much more complicated.
i have not been in town half-a-dozen hours, and those i have been dozing and grumbling away at the play.
as i could not sit there nodding at him perpetually, without making some other attempt to interest him, i shouted at inquiry whether his own calling in life had been the wine-coopering.
if you must go flopping yourself down, flop in favour of your husband and child, and not in opposition to 'em.
these people are intensive; their thoughts and their labors turn inward.
we shall never leave this house, we said, nor let it be taken from us.
editors expect all manuscripts to be submitted in typewritten form.
occasionally, a stray workman putting his coat on, traversed the hall, or a stranger peered about there, or a distant clink was heard across the courtyard, or a thump from the golden giant.
by the similarity of neighbouring perspectives, many objects in the one can be correlated with objects in the other, namely, with the similar objects.
sir, said mr. littimer, without looking up, if my eyes have not deceived me, there is a gentleman present who was acquainted with me in my former life.
i followed the candle down, as i had followed the candle up, and she stood it in the place where we had found it.
it is the business of philosophical logic to extract this knowledge from its concrete integuments, and to render it explicit and pure.
in anglo-american law we do not think of analogical development of the traditional materials of the legal system as interpretation.
at this dismal time we were evidently all possessed by the idea that we were followed.
who could that be with mr. lorry--the owner of the riding-coat upon the chair--who must not be seen?
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
but all these tokens of past grandeur were miserably decayed and dirty; rot, damp, and age, had weakened the flooring, which in many places was unsound and even unsafe.
is one which, until quite recent times, was never considered in the kind of way that is capable of yielding a precise answer.
say another wordone single wordand wemmick shall give you your money back.
she found us here; and presented her uncongenial cheek, the little wrinkles in it filled with hair powder, to dora to be kissed.
we call these home assistants, miss smith or mrs. jones, and they preserve their own individuality and self-respect.
this happens especially when the particular in question cannot be traced back to one object, but is a blend of two or more.
so anxiously looked forward to, charged with such consequences, its results so impenetrably hidden, though so near.
oaths and vows involved religious duties and might well be claimed as the province of the spiritual.
it was worthless in both cases, because it was not distinguishing.
she softly played on, looking at me still.
there was a long hard time when i kept far from me the remembrance of what i had thrown away when i was quite ignorant of its worth.
i had no intention, in the words i used, to claim it yet.
not even a lark or an oriole, those mild plantation birds, ever visited my clearing.
reports on new and better methods of preparing food, and other phases of home economics, are also printed in these bulletins.
each stick was carefully mortised or tenoned by its stump, for i had borrowed other tools by this time.
there he sat, taking his wine, and taking a good deal of it, for two hours; while agnes played on the piano, worked, and talked to him and me.
the statement will presumably consist of several divisions.
i wish to have a private conference with you two, said he, when he had surveyed me at his leisure.
it was such a force as this that jurgis had to organize.
how many words do you have to look up in the dictionary before you understand the article?
the bees are getting pollen from the pussy-willows and soft maples, and the first honey from the arbutus.
the first depends on the point of view at which we are placed and on the symbols by which we express ourselves.
first look out for worms, and supply vacancies by planting anew.
we stretched our hands to the wire, and we saw our fingers in the red glow.
they give me a new sense of the variety and capacity of that nature which is our common dwelling.
when i got acquainted with your sister, it were the talk how she was bringing you up by hand.
that is, his questions should be those that readers would like to have answered.
only one soul was to be seen, and that was madame defarge--who leaned against the door-post, knitting, and saw nothing.
you are a philosopher, you there, said the marquis, smiling.
i am extremely sorry to hear this, copperfield, said mr. spenlow.
i told her that i idolized and worshipped her.
(for obviously it is the same thing, whether you spend it at once for your own wedding, or in a long time, at the weddings of all your friends.)
i had loved her every minute, day and night, since i first saw her.
there was nothing worth mentioning in the material world, but dora spenlow, to be astonished about.
dressing myself as quietly as i could, and leaving peggotty to look after my aunt, i tumbled head foremost into it, and then went for a walk to hampstead.
youre a scholar, he said, hurriedly, and know whats right and best.
this is the ground derived from infinite divisibility.
both in going and returning, i had seen the signal in his window, all well.
what would they say, who made so light of money, if they could know how i had scraped my halfpence together, for the purchase of my daily saveloy and beer, or my slices of pudding?
and this was succeeded by another silence, which she broke thus: i know, with deep regret, what has brought you here.
this answer shows that physiology can account for our perception of motion.
let me finish my pipe, and i shall sleep like a child.
my dear doctor, it was his spirit, not his constitution, that he ventured on so boldly.
only his daughter had the power of charming this black brooding from his mind.
the nature of these modifications ought to be studied, and the results of such study ought to be taken account of in judging the good or harm that is done by political and social institutions.
the official turned towards him with sudden distrust.
on the morrow freddie jones would discover his loss, and there would be a hunt for him, and he would lose his money.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your states laws.
i may claim the merit of having originated the suggestion that the will should be looked for in the box.
you have nothing more to say to me to-night?
i found on further investigation that this was so, or at least there was an agreement between him and my aunt that he should account to her for all his disbursements.
it is natural to think of the meaning of a word as something conventional.
suppose, for example, that we are thinking of whiteness.
that miserable man would seem for a time to have become convinced of his errors, when far removed from the scenes of his old offences, and to have lived a peaceable and honest life.
as this gas was liberated, it took the place of the liquid in the tube, and the liquid was forced downward until there was quite a large space, apparently vacant but really filled with gas.
sometimes, the other answered, but not often--he didn't allow it.
b. yeats has, however, publicly discussed.
you can, if you like, you know, said steerforth.
this is a question of the very greatest difficulty, to which no completely satisfactory answer is possible.
and in fact there is no reason except prejudice, so far as i can discover, for denying the reality of relations.
with ecclesiastical dignity the bishop withdrew, and my queen went on her tranquil way.
and then the kind of climax that a play like this used to have!
probably this is the only house in the town where verses are composed, which are afterward printed in a circular form, but not published.
we may say that the object of which we become aware when we touch the spectacles continues to have effects afterwards, though perhaps it no longer exists.
it was like a sweet weak beer, with, of course, the special honey flavor.
inquired steerforth, glancing at the letter in my hand.
he spent half the night lying unconscious, and the balance moaning in torment, with a blinding headache and a racking thirst.
with that he rose in a great hurry, and was going out of the room, when i made bold to say that i feared, then, there was no way of arranging the matter?
presumably, when this belief decayed and the disinterested study of astronomy began, many who had found astrology absorbingly interesting decided that astronomy had too little human interest to be worthy of study.
and what is it--have you been through a sausage machine?
we strained forward more eagerly to see the faces of our friends from the new world.
i stared at mr. micawber, who greatly enjoyed my surprise.
after soaking two years and then lying high six months it was perfectly sound, though waterlogged past drying.
every day, in all weathers, from two to four, always signalling, sometimes with the little one, sometimes without.
so she makes, said mr. barkis, after a long interval of reflection, all the apple parsties, and doos all the cooking, do she?
when her baby was born, i thought at first she would get better, but she was more delicate, and sunk a little every day.
mrs. strong, i said, there is something within my knowledge, which i have been earnestly entreated by doctor strong to conceal, and have concealed until tonight.
defarge motioned with the paper to the prisoner that he must accompany him.
then jurgis thrust it into his pocket, still holding it tightly in his fist, and started away at a run.
but yours cannot be dismissed; indeed, my dear dear handel, it must not be dismissed.
when the writer's name is unknown to him, only the illustrations and the heading remain to attract his attention.
but, although you are the youngest man that ever lived, said charles darnay, rather hesitating, i must still suggest to you-- i understand.
the second and fourth have been considered.
indeed, they had quite settled among themselves that she never was to be married, and they called her the old maid.
now, are the circumstances of the country such, that a man of mr. micawbers abilities would have a fair chance of rising in the social scale?
former inhabitants and winter visitors i weathered some merry snow storms, and spent some cheerful winter evenings by my fire-side, while the snow whirled wildly without, and even the hooting of the owl was hushed.
if even you, that i have wronged so much, that never can forgive me, could only know what i suffer!
yet examples are necessary, to show that the principle i maintain is of serious and practical moment, and that i am not endeavouring to erect a barrier against imaginary evils.
finally, do not make your definition too mechanical, too much lacking in real life.
mr. cruncher, with the basket, walked at her side.
ridges of faces are thrown to this side and to that, and the ploughs go steadily onward.
introspection, as a separate source of knowledge, is entirely denied by psychologists of this school.
for a moment i had the disquieting sensation of having paraded my poverty--a form of vulgarity that carl and i detest as heartily as a display of wealth.
he has a kind of talent for drawing briefs, and stating a case in writing, plainly.
most laws, in short, are not the expression of the ethical verdicts of the community, but pure etiquette and nothing else.
no, returned wemmick, but i like to walk with one.
she did editorial and free-lance work in new york after graduation, and later went to washington to become private secretary to the argentine ambassador.
we are in our private and personal capacities, of course.
and when they gave up the house plan and decided to rent, the prospect of paying out nine dollars a month forever they found just as hard to face.
the question we have to consider in this chapter is: what is the nature of this real table, which persists independently of my perception of it?
it is not goot to tink of anybody suffering, she said, in a melancholy voice.
they were not agreed, and wished to retire.
i passed that off, and brought mr. dick on the carpet.
more might be said; the analysis is not complete in fact, but it serves the purpose of the author.
in any case, i will take care of him until you return, and then we will remove him straight.
hes as like cain before he was grown up, as he can be.
these messages began with a series of facts which, obviously true, would rouse no resistance and would at the same time insert some resentment against germany, the very thing that the author wished to do.
this relation, therefore, is a relation of four terms, since othello also is one of the terms of the relation.
said miss pross; and mr. lorry left off.
emboldened by this happy change, mention d. c. upstairs.
some silkworms houses, made of the same materials, are scattered over the desks.
i can arrange that all right, said the other--though it may cost you a few dollars, of course.
good night, mr. carton, said the man of business.
there is, to begin with, some conflict between what common sense regards as one thing, and what physics regards an unchanging collection of particles.
but my parting words under this roof is, i shall go into the house and die, if i am not took.
the cost of the wedding feast would, of course, be returned to them; but the problem was to raise it even temporarily.
no beverage is more grateful than the cup of spring water you drink at such a time; no moment more refreshing than that in which you look about you at the darkened forest.
obviously the great prime task is to unify, to bring order out of chaos, to create from formless material a real edifice of thought.
the gyroscope governed their direction as well as their equilibrium.
you can sit down or stand up as you please, sir.
if he were working in a line of men, the line always moved too slowly for him, and you could pick him out by his impatience and restlessness.
in the meantime, his son, whose head was garnished with tenderer spikes, and whose young eyes stood close by one another, as his father's did, kept the required watch upon his mother.
it was a rather cool evening, and some of his neighbors were apprehending a frost.
of these professional tramps a great many had, of course, been shiftless and vicious all their lives.
gave it once in some budget debate, i think.
but you have, said traddles; therefore, you know, we wont suppose so.
the room was lighted as of yore, and at the sound of our entrance, she stopped and turned.
i fatten my chickens in coops the floors of which are made of heavy wire having one-inch mesh; underneath the wire is a droppings pan, which is emptied every day.
one way collects together the appearances commonly regarded as a given object from different places; this is, broadly speaking, the way of physics, leading to the construction of physical objects as sets of such appearances.
it was untouched like the previous sum, and he refolded it in the same way.
to aid in gaining this quality you will do well to avoid technical terms, as has already been mentioned.
said mr. omer, pondering, how she loves that child!
trabbs boytrabbs overgrown young man nowwent before us with a lantern, which was the light i had seen come in at the door.
but, for the sake of illustration, let us assume that we think of him as 'the first chancellor of the german empire'.
philanthropy is not love for ones fellow-man in the broadest sense.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
this is indeed a confession, though whether it be of weakness of will or strength of faith you may decide if you read the rest.
the other was interested in the coincidence, but did not remember jurgis--he had handled too many green ones in his time, he said.
i see, said the other, and meditated for a few moments.
he turned, alone, at the corner of our shady street, into a glow of light, in which we lost him.
i cried about it from breakfast till dinner.
the enterprising newspaper reporter had taken all this information to his family, and told how they had received it.
then, turning affectionately to me, with her cheek against mine, am i a naughty mama to you, davy?
c. since bees like water, a careful hunter looks along creeks and near springs.
this had been, ever since, the only name my aunt knew for miss murdstone.
a window was raised, and a clear voice demanded what name?
for ten minutes there was silence, broken by an occasional groan, an oath, the striking of a match.
psychology cannot boast of any triumph comparable to gravitational astronomy.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
you are to understand, first, that it is the request of the person from whom i take my instructions that you always bear the name of pip.
wemmick leaned back in his chair, staring at me, with his hands in the pockets of his trousers, and his pen put horizontally into the post.
why, its but a dull life that we lead here, boy, i am afraid, he said.
now let us see, said mrs. markleham, putting her glass to her eye, where the passage is.
the worm is at his work, and will soon dispose of his victim.
and here i may remark, that what i underwent from mrs. crupp, in consequence of the tyranny she established over me, was dreadful.
a terrible sound arose when the reading of this document was done.
mr. david, for the sake of old times, do, please, try to help me!
that was made apparent by our avoidance of the subject, and by our agreeingwithout agreementto make my recovery of the use of my hands a question of so many hours, not of so many weeks.
nor is it enough that he should hear the arguments of adversaries from his own teachers, presented as they state them, and accompanied by what they offer as refutations.
he unshaded his face after a little while, and spoke steadily.
my first question when i saw herbert had been of course, whether all was well down the river?
for the battle they lost can never be lost.
mr. dick, said my aunt triumphantly, give me your hand, for your common sense is invaluable.
i withdrew yet farther into my shell, and endeavored to keep a bright fire both within my house and within my breast.
the practical objection to animal food in my case was its uncleanness; and, besides, when i had caught and cleaned and cooked and eaten my fish, they seemed not to have fed me essentially.
they calculated that not twenty-five per cent of this would reach its destination, and that two or three per cent would be wasted in the cars.
in a breath, the river that flows through our sunday walks is sparkling in the summer sun, is ruffled by the winter wind, or thickened with drifting heaps of ice.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
here, as everywhere else, he begins with the inviolability of the individual human personality.
but the course of our education is answered best by those poems and romances where we breathe a magnanimous atmosphere of thought and meet generous and pious characters.
accordingly, i went to work very hard, both in play and in earnest, and gained great commendation.
i have had occasion to notice many hands; but i never saw stronger in that respect, mans or womans, than these.
theres no hurry at present, you know, master copperfield, uriah proceeded, in his slimy way, as i sat gazing at him, with this thought in my mind.
well, well, maam, said the doctor cheerfully, i am not bigoted to my plans, and i can overturn them myself.
biddy was waiting for me at the kitchen door, with a mug of new milk and a crust of bread.
therefore rough empirical generalizations have a definite place in science, in spite of not being exact of universal.
he had the feeling that this whole huge establishment had taken him under its protection, and had become responsible for his welfare.
youve not been intimate with mr. wickfield, i think, mr. traddles?
in order to deal with this topic we must consider the verbal expression of the memory-belief.
the pin feathers are more easily removed when the chicken is scalded.
our customers over there, seem not to be able to confide their property to us fast enough.
his great fear seems to be lest there be some fact or point worth knowing that will escape him.
perhaps, later, some men had been born with the mind and the courage to recover these things which were lost; perhaps these men came before the councils of scholars.
thus, while our knowledge of what is has become less than it was formerly supposed to be, our knowledge of what may be is enormously increased.
nevertheless, the ants tend the lomechusa larvae with the same care they bestow on their own young.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
i think the strangeness of what they report would be greatly diminished if it were expressed in the language of a behaviourist theory of desire, rather than in the language of every-day beliefs.
one more bandage had been torn from his eyes, one more pitfall was revealed to him!
i felt sure that i had been the subject of her reflections, and was more than ever anxious to know her intentions towards me.
as he said it, he swung his battle-ax and off popped the head of the dragon.
it is also clear that we must be able to find such a new interpretation if our theory is to be admissible.
dont tell me anything: i dont want to know anything; i am not curious.
it follows that we cannot prove that the universe as a whole forms a single harmonious system such as hegel believes that it forms.
everywhere else you will find it active and strong.
can you doubt, if there is but one in it, which is the one, and, if there is two in it, which is much the worst one?
the murphy, sinclair, little wonder, shaw, little imp, leyner rock terrier, and kimber drills belong to this class.
the word wife seemed to serve as a gloomy reminder to defarge, to say with sudden impatience, in the name of that sharp female newly-born, and called la guillotine, why did you come to france?
the first serious advance in real logic since the time of the greeks was made independently by peano and frege--both mathematicians.
little lucie she taught, as regularly, as if they had all been united in their english home.
said joe, after coughing behind his hand, as if he had had time to catch the whooping-cough since he came.
then, he gently let it sink upon his breast again, with his own hands lying on it.
the initiation of all wise or noble things, comes and must come from individuals; generally at first from some one individual.
i come now to our second question, namely: what is the nature of the evidence that causal laws have held hitherto, at least in the observed portions of the past?
later i learned that printed copies of the plate are sent for selection, but in my ignorance i took up the slabs and tried to read the type.
he saluted, made some kindly remark, and then passed on.
(it is really impossible to express how he twisted this ejaculation out of himself, as he peeped round the door-post at me, showing nothing but his crafty old head); will you go for fourpence?
the time may come when we shall know better how to protect the public health and at the same time husband the public resources.
the logical definition of numbers, though it seems an essential support to the theory of infinite numbers, was in fact discovered independently and by a different man.
stay there, if you please, a little moment.
herbert crossed his feet, looked at the fire with his head on one side, and having looked at it in vain for some time, looked at me because i didnt go on.
finalism thus understood is only inverted mechanism.
the literary definition would substitute, for the average hearer, a person of high education living a long time ago; the purpose of this definition is to make it difficult to speak or write correctly.
a handsome mince-pie had been made yesterday morning (which accounted for the mincemeat not being missed), and the pudding was already on the boil.
she laughs and sobs, and then is quiet, and quite happy.
say youll help me to be good then, said i. ecod, replied wemmick, shaking his head, thats not my trade.
he had his boat-cloak on him, and looked, as i have said, a natural part of the scene.
tell me not it cannot be; i tell you this is him!
now we know only a few laws, and our result is vitiated, not, of course, by any confusion or irregularity in nature, but by our ignorance of essential elements in the calculation.
in our times, from the highest class of society down to the lowest, every one lives as under the eye of a hostile and dreaded censorship.
he waited for me to declare that i quite understood that he expressly said that he admitted nothing.
she hurries to him, and they go on together, walking up and down, walking up and down, until he is composed.
you can suffuse the whole theme with a human spirit, for everything has a human significance if only you will find it.
i have been a grumpy, frumpy, wayward sort of a woman, a good many years.
i communicated to magwitchin new south waleswhen he first wrote to mefrom new south walesthe caution that he must not expect me ever to deviate from the strict line of fact.
[f] and all souls is the only other college in which, from actual recent experience, i can imagine the possibility of the exorcism, strongbeerum!
chastity is the flowering of man; and what are called genius, heroism, holiness, and the like, are but various fruits which succeed it.
down this barrel, their points sticking through the slot, moved the tacks in single file to a spring-hammer close to the floor.
what have you done, what have you done, that you should kneel to us!
the very nearness of the fire but cooled our ardor.
labor and sorrow, a little laughter, disillusion and suffering--and after that, the dark.
he went and took his stand with the mob of hungry wretches who were standing about in the snow before the time station.
american standards of living, personal cleanliness, and sanitary regulations have to be emphasized.
and this liberation is effected by a contemplation of fate; for fate itself is subdued by the mind which leaves nothing to be purged by the purifying fire of time.
let the thunder rumble; what if it threaten ruin to farmers crops?
we saw a great painting on the wall over their heads, of the twenty illustrious men who had invented the candle.
for example, i can see at a glance the whole of the page on which i am writing; thus the whole page is included in one sense-datum.
then we thought of tacking the curtains top and bottom, and from this the idea evolved.
i dont know what i might be fit for, now, as a servant to a stranger.
one advantage to a writer of operating his own camera is that he can take pictures on the spur of the moment when he happens to see just what he needs.
then my sister sealed them up in a piece of paper, and put them under some dried rose-leaves in an ornamental teapot on the top of a press in the state parlor.
jurgis went to his dinner, and afterward he walked over to see mike scully, who lived in a fine house, upon a street which had been decently paved and lighted for his especial benefit.
they expected me home before christmas; but had no idea of my returning so soon.
it began the moment we sat down to dinner.
and there was no daylight in the room, but it was all lighted up with candles.
in order to define his purpose clearly and to keep it constantly before him, a writer will do well to put down on paper his exact aim in a single sentence.
it was just supper-time, and the farmer was washing his hands at the kitchen door.
i am sorry to observe you are in mourning, sir, said mrs. steerforth.
could you favour me, in confidence, with some minutes of your company--at the office of tellson's bank, for instance?
before i had well concluded, he began to laugh--fretfully at first, but soon with returning gaiety.
mrs. heep began, with an anxious gesture.
if this view seems at first sight disappointing, we may remind ourselves that a similar change has been found necessary in all the other sciences.
but the berkeleian way of meeting this difficulty is so familiar that i need not enlarge upon it now.
i never could have kept out of it a single winters night, if i had not been free of any share in that!
when i find what you are, and what uncle is, i think what god must be, and can cry to him.
in other words, no sooner has the intellect progressed beyond the moment of perception and of its immediate reproduction in memory, than the generic image makes its appearance, i.e.
dont be cheeky, jack, remonstrated the landlord, in a melancholy and pathetic way.
and at its center, pondering for ever the problem of existence, sits motionless the spider-like and uncanny soul.
jane murdstone, said mr. murdstone to his sister, any harsh words between us are, i hope, uncommon.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
some, though they feel the demands of the ideal, will still consciously reject them, still urging that naked power is worthy of worship.
may we not learn something from the futility of all efforts to administer justice exclusively by either method?
the united states was, in british eyes, until recently, a comparatively insignificant fact, yet vastly more complicated than they imagined.
yet her voice was just as quiet as before.
he had made a fortune in business, and spent nearly all of it in building up a magazine, which the post office department had tried to suppress, and had driven to canada.
upon my life, the whole social system (as the men call it when they make speeches in parliament) is a system of princes nails!
there isn't a butcher or grocer in this town who doesn't doff his hat to me when he whizzes by in his motor--even those whose bills i haven't paid.
at what hour, said mr. micawber, shall i-- at about eight, said mr. quinion.
of course her style has been formed by her favourite reading; more than probably, her ways of thinking and feeling owe much to the same source.
i would not like to be left standing as a mere spectator on the bank of the great stream carrying onward so many lives.
on the first sunday after he was taken there, i was to go and see him, and have dinner with him.
this appreciation of time-intervals is, however, obviously a product of memory, not a presupposition of it.
and throwing off other sarcastic sparks from the whirling grindstone of his indignation, mr. cruncher betook himself to his boot-cleaning and his general preparation for business.
for a year she had been making plans, eager to make this convention a landmark in the history of women's labor.
now, said she, light my little lantern, and see me into my bandbox by the garden path; for there was a communication between our cottages in that direction.
he has known me in all that has happened to me, havent you, jip?
behold all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.
i had a ridiculous fancy that he must be with you, mr. pip, till i saw that you were quite unconscious of him, sitting behind you there like a ghost.
since memory is fallible, a similar difficulty arises as regards consciousness of past objects.
but in so thinking, we rob it of its essential quality of universality.
we exchanged a cordial good-night, and i went home, with new matter for my thoughts, though with no relief from the old.
when i reached home, my sister was very curious to know all about miss havishams, and asked a number of questions.
and yet his wife trembled, and a vague but heavy fear was upon her.
while he was thinking one thing in his brain, i was endeavoring to divine his thought in mine.
upon which he put down his head, blew a cloud of smoke out of his nose, and vanished with a kick-up of his hind-legs and a flourish of his tail.
he still tells with relish of the club of women which took up a collection, after his talk, and presented him with two dollars, in small change.
but we will not linger on the grounds for admitting these, which belong to the philosophy of physics rather than of psychology.
mr. drummle, said i, you are not competent to give advice on that subject.
how well i recollect it, on a cold grey afternoon, with a dull sky, threatening rain!
confucius says,the skins of the tiger and the leopard, when they are tanned, are as the skins of the dog and the sheep tanned.
every day, through the stony streets, the tumbrils now jolted heavily, filled with condemned.
and when you look over the record of his work as organizer and executive, you must admit there's something in this.
the doorway of the staircase gives on the little courtyard close to the left here, pointing with his hand, near to the window of my establishment.
mr. lorry, you cannot control the mincing vanities and giddinesses of empty-headed girls; you must not expect to do it, or you will always be disappointed.
but with no intention of passing many more weary days there.
in all humbleness and awe, you are a dweller of the silent places.
but the objective reference differs from the meaning of a word through the duality of truth and falsehood.
startop, being a lively, bright young fellow, and drummle being the exact opposite, the latter was always disposed to resent him as a direct personal affront.
so she rubbed them out, and drew little nosegays and likenesses of me and jip, all over the tablets.
the house was roused up directly, and three of them went out along the road.
it was about sunset, and he went on and on until it was dark, when he was stopped by a railroad crossing.
more probable, however, was the theory that jonas had deserted them, and gone on the road, seeking happiness.
if you set to work to count the terms in an infinite collection, you will never have completed your task.
when you want to throw the bow to the left, you have only to pry the stern over to the right as you are pulling the pole out of the water.
it would certainly be absurd to suppose that there are innate principles in the sense that babies are born with a knowledge of everything which men know and which cannot be deduced from what is experienced.
if it is to be unambiguous whether two appearances belong to the same thing or not, there must be only one way of grouping appearances so that the resulting things obey the laws of physics.
i have talked with many women who are not only using this plan to-day but have been for several years.
there, any fact that is registered is contrived a double or a treble debt to pay, and is at once an ornament in its place, and a pillar in the main design.
the novice can learn to distinguish the six families in sixty minutes.
there were some who drank it in as if it were an intoxicant; there were others who put their handkerchiefs to their faces.
it is empty save for trees and weeds.
so long as we have wage slavery, answered schliemann, it matters not in the least how debasing and repulsive a task may be, it is easy to find people to perform it.
no, no, i answered, how can you think so, miss havisham!
tonight in chicago there are a hundred thousand children wearing out their strength and blasting their lives in the effort to earn their bread!
according to the form of belief desired, it is called vanity, optimism, or religion.
no such claim is put forward in practice, and the necessity of empirical observation is not denied; but according to the theory it ought to be.
without putting down the poker, he now hugged me again; and i hugged him; and, both laughing, and both wiping our eyes, we both sat down, and shook hands across the hearth.
she was audaciously prejudiced in my favour, and quite unable to understand why i should have any misgivings, or be low-spirited about it.
all i stiplate, is, to stand by and look at you, dear boy!
i made my way to mr. waterbrook, and said, that i believed i had the pleasure of seeing an old schoolfellow there.
men frequently say to me, i should think you would feel lonesome down there, and want to be nearer to folks, rainy and snowy days and nights especially.
in neither a virtue, in neither a fault we must recognize these two types of students, differently constituted, owing possibly--though i have but little evidence for the belief--to thermal peculiarities.
it was right to do it, it was kind to do it, it was benevolent to do it, and he would do it again.
passing on to style, we are still in the land of antithesis.
at this point joe greatly augmented my curiosity by taking the utmost pains to open his mouth very wide, and to put it into the form of a word that looked to me like sulks.
as they descend the hill like madmen running a race, he falls.
imagine the house is bumping and rocking--and keep a smiling face and a courteous tongue throughout all of it!
we care for living people not chiefly because of their type but because of their individuality, the little traits that set them apart from their fellows.
in both cases the aim is to create immediate interest by vivid portrayal of definite persons and places.
jurgis thought he saw him exchange a swift glance with the girl as he spoke, and he demanded quickly.
i think, my dear clara, even you must observe it?
i love miss spenlow to that extent-- pooh!
similarly, the images you have in dreams are all dependent upon your past experience, as well as upon the present stimulus to dreaming.
i left him, my aunt proceeded, laying her hand as usual on the back of mine, generously.
i sagaciously observed, if it didnt signify to him, to whom did it signify?
see hyar, boss, a big black buck would begin, ef you doan' like de way ah does dis job, you kin get somebody else to do it.
this man, too, was paid by the mold--or rather for perfect castings, nearly half his work going for naught.
and he stood on the threshold of the freedom for which the blood of the centuries behind him had been spilled.
a manufacturer or a merchant could not secure his business salvation, as in europe, merely by the adoption of sound conservative methods.
the first subject on which i had to consult traddles was this,--i had heard that many men distinguished in various pursuits had begun life by reporting the debates in parliament.
emly was confused by our all observing her, and hung down her head, and her face was covered with blushes.
(which last exclamation sounded in no wise as irreverent as it looks in print).
rosa dartle sprang up from her seat; recoiled; and in recoiling struck at her, with a face of such malignity, so darkened and disfigured by passion, that i had almost thrown myself between them.
in hurried reading the eye is caught by the first group of words at the beginning of a sentence.
contributions accepted for publication are paid for at the time of their acceptance, at the time of their publication, or at some fixed date in the month following their acceptance or publication.
c. for a person who has read burroughs and thinks that the poetic appeal of fruit trees and birds must be delightful.
we agreed that his remaining many days in his present hazard was not to be thought of.
if contrivance is lucrative, it is also costly.
the chambers are retired, and we shall be alone together, but we shant fight, i dare say.
confound the girl, i am half afraid of her.
on my replying no, she had not told me yet, agnes became thoughtful, and i fancied i felt her arm tremble in mine.
[illustration] as to his shirt-collar, and his coat-collar, they were perplexing to reflect upon,insoluble mysteries both.
the fishermen say that the thundering of the pond scares the fishes and prevents their biting.
although, therefore, images seem undeniable, we cannot derive an additional argument in their favour from the use of words, which could, theoretically, be explained without introducing images.
he was apt to present his insight in a sort of parable or allegory, to upraise it before the eyes of mankind on the mast or flagpole of some vehement exaggeration.
his course included both theory and practice.
the time having come for her withdrawal for the night, and she having left us, i gave mr. wickfield my hand, preparatory to going away myself.
in the present chapter we have to consider what is the nature of this kind of being, and also what objects there are that have this kind of being.
does your sophy play on any instrument, traddles?
one of the laws which distinguish psychology (or nerve-physiology?)
london is always beautiful to those who love and understand that extraordinary microcosm; but at five of a summer morning there is about her an exquisite quality of youthful fragrance and debonair freshness which goes to the heart.
the english customer paid for what he had had, perplexedly counted his change, and asked, as a stranger, to be directed towards the national palace.
on that, mr. jaggers said, triumphantly, i thought we should come to it!
jurgis sat gazing about the room for an hour or two; he was in hopes that some one of the family would come, but in this he was disappointed.
the poor fellow was never so friendless but he could befriend some one; never so pinched and wretched but he could give of his crust, and speak his word of compassion.
and--who knows--perhaps i was in part responsible for the loss of a million!
there was nothing in them to perplex a young conscience.
this, we may point out, is the very principle upon which zeno relies in the arguments of the race-course and the achilles.
he had so heated himself that he took out his handkerchief and wiped his face and head and neck and hands, before he could go on.
it is true, i never assisted the sun materially in his rising, but, doubt not, it was of the last importance only to be present at it.
he spent a week in this company, and during all that time he had no word from his home.
there has been a big loss in time and money as a result of this competition.
on a lightly-snowing afternoon she arrived at the usual corner.
we are reformers in the spring and summer, in autumn and winter we stand by the old; reformers in the morning, conservers at night.
and i have no doubt, said mr. lorry, that i was right in the conversation we had.
they called her back to the story of the house.
i thanked him, and replied that i was sure i should be happy in such a delightful place.
her letter was hopeful, earnest, and cheerful.
yet i rarely failed to find, even in mid-winter, some warm and springly swamp where the grass and the skunk-cabbage still put forth with perennial verdure, and some hardier bird occasionally awaited the return of spring.
what possible subjects does the article suggest to you?
this view, in essence, seems to me sound.
i intimated that my aunt would be proud and delighted to make their acquaintance; though i must say i was not quite sure of their getting on very satisfactorily together.
because she has not seen enough of the evil attending such things, she goes and gets married next, as the child relates.
yet, monseigneur had slowly found that vulgar embarrassments crept into his affairs, both private and public; and he had, as to both classes of affairs, allied himself perforce with a farmer-general.
when monsieur the marquis demands that evening, 'say, what is he like?'
there was a sofa where mr. pocket stood, and he dropped upon it in the attitude of the dying gladiator.
then there are such facts as that our body moves in answer to our volitions.
in this sense, an unending series may nevertheless form a whole, and there may be new terms beyond the whole of it.
if it was ever intended that i should go across salt water, do you suppose providence would have cast my lot in an island?
fell over the door-step, and came away through the little back passage where the pantry is.
long before we saw the sea, its spray was on our lips, and showered salt rain upon us.
said mr. lorry, with his open pocket-book in his hand.
he stopped to mop his brow, looking perfectly dignified.
the president asked, why had he returned to france when he did, and not sooner?
in his working-clothes, joe was a well-knit characteristic-looking blacksmith; in his holiday clothes, he was more like a scarecrow in good circumstances, than anything else.
and then, as she stood hesitating, about to speak, he seized her by the arm, and half flung her from the room, slamming the door and barring it with a table.
i am collecting my tools to descend to my cottage down in the village below, where it is already dark, when i raise my eyes, and see coming over the hill six soldiers.
this group instinct, however it may have arisen, is what constitutes a nation, and what makes it important that the boundaries of nations should also be the boundaries of states.
i recommend you to take yourself off, and be talked to presently, you fool!
pumblechook was now addressing the landlord, and william!
they may define conceptions or they may declare principles.
here she left off, to kiss her fan again, and shake it at the doctor, who was looking at us in a state of placid satisfaction.
my life with this lady has been very happy.
if our business were logic, we should have to spend much time on these words.
my instinct tells me that my head is an organ for burrowing, as some creatures use their snout and fore-paws, and with it i would mine and burrow my way through these hills.
whisky, he said, as he entered, and as the man pushed him some, he tore at the rag with his teeth and pulled out half a dollar.
he was wonderfully proud of little antanas; he was curious about all the details of him--the washing and the dressing and the eating and the sleeping of him, and asked all sorts of absurd questions.
he was only a couple of feet behind, and he leaped to stop the man's mouth, while duane held him fast by the arms, as they had agreed.
apparently none of them ever went down to find out.
not the dark that flees before the cheerful dawn, but the dark whose greatest benediction is eternal nothingness.
her household consists of herself, her husband, and her twelve year old son.
you never sit and tell me stories about doady, when his shoes were worn out, and he was covered with dust--oh, what a poor little mite of a fellow!
we have the facts, we know what we think of them, and we are reasonably sure of the reader's attitude.
time and the world were slipping from beneath him, but the box was there; and the last words he had uttered were (in an explanatory tone) old clothes!
it was with very great surprise that i saw a man standing in her little garden.
superintendent sears has some suggestions to offer.
this is always exhilarating and sublime.
otherwise we shall be found sailing under false colors, and be inevitably cashiered at last by our own opinion, as well as that of mankind.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
and, salient by the force of extreme contrast, a plain little white posterboard makes its influence felt.
the second is into transitive, intransitive, and merely non-transitive relations, which are defined as follows.
you will come home in the holidays, and be a better boy.
when we came within sight of the sea, the waves on the horizon, caught at intervals above the rolling abyss, were like glimpses of another shore with towers and buildings.
cried emily, clasping her hands together.
he half suffocated himself with laughing here.
from which, said wemmick, conjectures had been raised and theories formed.
the general truth of which it is an instance is purely formal, and belongs to logic.
it will do her no good to keep herself concealed from me at this moment, said madame defarge.
i am by no means confident that the distinction between images and sensations is ultimately valid, and i should be glad to be convinced that images can be reduced to sensations of a peculiar kind.
youve always been an upstart, and youve always been against me.
i know mr. lorry, sir, much better than i know the bailey.
it is these two characteristics, both connected with mnemic phenomena, that distinguish perceptions from the appearances of objects in places where there is no living being.
let me think, as i look back upon that flowing water, now a dry channel overgrown with leaves, whether there are any marks along its course, by which i can remember how it ran.
but by selling himself for a slave, he abdicates his liberty; he foregoes any future use of it, beyond that single act.
they knew the rules of the game better, too.
well, then, said joe, its more than twenty pound.
at length she sat down, and drew it to her with one sudden action, and played and sang.
its pickerel, though not abundant, are its chief boast.
by the time the attendant arrived to unlock the doors forty men were in line waiting for breakfast.
often in the least noisy days we see most clearly, with most balance, and with the keenest humor, the finest courage.
if it is miserable to bear, when she is here, he said, what would it be, and she away?
if a similar change should befall the nations of europe, it will not be in exactly the same shape: the despotism of custom with which these nations are threatened is not precisely stationariness.
s'long's i'm inside the house i can do as i please--the guv'ner's own very orders, b'god!
it lay so still that we saw no water but only a cut in the earth, in which the trees grew down, upturned, and the sky lay at the bottom.
pursuing my idea as i leaned back in my wooden chair, and looked at biddy sewing away with her head on one side, i began to think her rather an extraordinary girl.
to show how knowledge of heredity in plants may serve an economic purpose.
there has been a rapid growth of industry.
and he sat and chuckled at her for some time, in a state of mingled admiration and delight, that made his face a burning red.
for half a second she stood, reeling and swaying, staring at him with horror in her eyes; then, with a cry of anguish, she tottered forward, stretching out her arms to him.
then i proposed mrs. micawber: or, at least, said, modestly, if youll allow me, mrs. micawber, i shall now have the pleasure of drinking your health, maam.
their use was manifest the second day after the kitchen was opened.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
ideas expressed in pictures can be grasped much more readily than ideas expressed in words.
one day i lunched alone at an inn, finishing with cheese and celery.
said mr. jaggers, suddenly stopping, and turning on the two women with the shawls, from whom the three men had meekly separated,oh!
the process of simplification in language.
thats to be taken care of, sir; that bites.
kant does not tell us why he holds that a space must consist of spaces rather than of simple parts.
by courtesy of the scientific american publishing company.
i dont like to leave you here, i said to provis, though i cannot doubt your being safer here than near me.
these boundaries set a limit to the extent of that country; in other words, they define it.
a belief is rendered true or false by relation to a fact, which may lie outside the experience of the person entertaining the belief.
many a time in my sleep had i raised her up, and whispered to her, emly, my dear, i am come fur to bring forgiveness, and to take you home!
do you believe that he thinks of it much?
i stayed to dine at a decent alehouse, some mile or two from the ferry i have mentioned before; and thus the day wore away, and it was evening when i reached it.
in another corner crouched poor little juozapas, wailing because he had had nothing to eat all day.
we sometimes find also a whole set of false beliefs, of such a kind as to persuade the patient that his actions are really a means to a, when in fact they are a means to b.
at last i ran away myself, whenever i saw an emissary of the police approaching with some new intelligence; and lived a stealthy life until he was tried and ordered to be transported.
this is miss trotwoods, said the young woman.
moving along the road in the silence of my own footsteps, my thoughts were among the constellations.
fornication, for example, must be tolerated, and so must gambling; but should a person be free to be a pimp, or to keep a gambling-house?
but the golden one stood alone at the hedge, waiting.
he had a long story to tell of his quarrel with the superintendent of his department, and how he was now a plain workingman, and a good union man as well.
the bare subject, if it exists at all, is an inference, and is not part of the data; therefore this meaning of self may be ignored in our present inquiry.
mr. micawber, said i, what is the matter?
said dora, slowly looking from one of us to the other, and then putting up her pretty lips to kiss us as she lay upon her couch.
when he saw a blue-coat start toward him, however, his heart failed him, and he dashed down a side street and fled a couple of blocks.
it is clear from many instances that accuracy, in other cases, may be purely mechanical.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
really, mr. barsad, i can't say, if you can't.
knowing the utter hopelessness of attracting his attention from that distance, i made bold to open the gate, and walk after him, so as to meet him when he should turn round.
most of the great ambitious attempts of metaphysicians have proceeded by the attempt to prove that such and such apparent features of the actual world were self-contradictory, and therefore could not be real.
philosophic contemplation does not, in its widest survey, divide the universe into two hostile camps--friends and foes, helpful and hostile, good and bad--it views the whole impartially.
this need not be done by moralizing and editorializing.
i am not writing an essay on the aberrations of existing moral feeling.
jurgis came and stood in the hall, and she continued: i'll go see.
i have only been in amateur work, i admit, but still i have played some mighty interesting parts.
you come to give me the benefit of your sober judgement at a most opportune time.
the experience of verification in this sense is exceedingly familiar; it happens every time that accustomed activities have results that are not surprising, in eating and walking and talking and all our daily pursuits.
he was very honourable, traddles was, and held it as a solemn duty in the boys to stand by one another.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
one will tell us there is no best time; all are equally good; and truly, all times are the same to a man whose soul is absorbed in some great problem.
the system of inveigling continues, i believe, to this day.
i have taken leave of you, said i, wresting my hand away.
and to this hour i have not the faintest notion what he meant, or what joke he thought i had made.
it almost seemed to me as if he must stoop down presently, to file at his leg.
watch especially for any indication in a lecture of change in topic.
why i am a republican, or democrat, or pessimist, or agnostic, or humanist, or rebel in general, or agitator or--whatnot?
let her moan for the harvest that she reaps today!
what does our concord culture amount to?
if there were more of them on hand than chanced to be needed, the weaker ones died off of cold and hunger, again according to the stern system of nature.
the conclusion which zeno wishes us to draw is that plurality is a delusion, and spaces and times are really indivisible.
it will, however, be necessary to commence with a short general explanation.
all the uses and scents of the brewery might have evaporated with its last reek of smoke.
after which lemuel, hard-schooled in adversity, in faithfulness and in courtesy, will be asked in the passing of a night to change places with the old autocrat.
in his effort to make the beginning attractive, an inexperienced writer is inclined to linger over it until it becomes disproportionately long.
when it was ready for her, she was ready for it, with her nightcap on, and the skirt of her gown turned back on her knees.
ideal appearances, states, and things, since they are calculated, must be functions of actual appearances, states, and things; in fact, ultimately, they must be functions of actual appearances.
we came together to the great ravine behind the theatre.
bulletins and reports of government officials are a mine for both subjects and material.
he was not asked to show his ticket at the train gate.
it does not adhere to him when asleep or in anger, or aroused by any passion or inspiration.
it was broad day--eight or nine oclock; the storm raging, in lieu of the batteries; and someone knocking and calling at my door.
it is not necessary for the determinist to maintain that he can foresee the whole particularity of the act which will be performed.
in a school carried on by sheer cruelty, whether it is presided over by a dunce or not, there is not likely to be much learnt.
who has made the least allusion to gold watches?
the leaves rustle over our head, black against the last gold of the sky.
no dust has settled on that robe; no time has elapsed since that divinity was revealed.
i ran after him as fast as i could, but i had no breath to call out with, and should not have dared to call out, now, if i had.
there is some of the same fitness in a mans building his own house that there is in a birds building its own nest.
all that i know about miss havisham, you know.
but our councils say that this is only a legend.
unto a life which i call natural i would gladly follow even a will-o-the-wisp through bogs and sloughs unimaginable, but no moon nor firefly has shown me the causeway to it.
if the day were half as tremendous to any other professional gentleman in doctors commons as it was to me, i sincerely believe he made some expiation for his share in that rotten old ecclesiastical cheese.
he drew jurgis out, and heard all about his life all but the one unmentionable thing; and then he told stories about his own life.
what faces are the most distinct to me in the fleeting crowd?
the view urged explicitly by bergson, and implied in the doctrines of many philosophers, is, that a motion is something indivisible, not validly analysable into a series of states.
indeed, there wasn't a single terror i didn't imagine.
when they passed a prison of the state, they kept far from its frowning walls, and looked up at its bars, and spoke in whispers.
well, i've been employing a man as a porter, and he drinks.
then they were piled upon a truck, and it was jurgis's task to wheel them to the room where the machines were assembled.
then he sat buried in thought for a minute or two.
there are three points to observe in the attempt to discover the nature of truth, three requisites which any theory must fulfil.
my self-approval when i ticked an entry was quite a luxurious sensation.
if the author will write the sentence quoted above, he will complete his thought, make it really definite, and be pretty sure to know what he is talking about, what he intends to do.
reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one.
he now stepped up to where mr. lorry and mr. darnay stood upon the pavement.
you did not gradually open your round childish eyes wider and wider to the discovery of that impostor of a woman who calculates her stores of peace of mind for when she wakes up in the night.
creating a high class dairy or sheep herd.
the result of half-knowledge is always flabbiness and ineffectiveness.
marija had about fifty dollars pinned up somewhere in her stockings, and grandfather anthony had part of the money he had gotten for his farm.
but though we condemn edward the first of england for the one and the salem puritans for the other, we can still love both edward and the puritans--if we have imaginative sympathy.
he was so obliging as to suggest my father for your tutor, and he called on my father to propose it.
whether this is the case or not might even be decided experimentally.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
will you not walk back with trotwood and me?
miss murdstone merely answers with a frown and a formal bend: mr. chillip, discomfited, goes into a corner, keeping me with him, and opens his mouth no more.
but these few are the salt of the earth; without them, human life would become a stagnant pool.
foremost among the two-and-thirty was he; seated, that he might get breath enough to keep life in him.
the station house was just around the corner, and so in a few minutes jurgis was in a cell.
she had taken one of the babies from under the red comforter and held him to her breast.
until then, and until we are at sea, observed mr. micawber, with a glance of intelligence at me, mr. peggotty and myself will constantly keep a double look-out together, on our goods and chattels.
they are mounting up, handel, herbert would say; upon my life, they are mounting up.
judicial individualization through choice of a rule is most noticeable in the law of torts, in the law of domestic relations and in passing upon the conduct of enterprises.
feather your nest, it ran--and went on to say that it could furnish all the necessary feathers for a four-room nest for the ludicrously small sum of seventy-five dollars.
on monday next, on the arrival of the four oclock afternoon coach at canterbury, my foot will be on my native heath--my name, micawber!
and you doent ought to watch and work both.
an article for a boys' magazine would be written in a style different from that of a story on the same subject intended for a sunday newspaper.
neither did the people say anything; after the first cry, they had been silent, and they remained so.
mr. cruncher, with some diffidence, explained himself as meaning old nick's.
after dinner a bottle of choice old port was placed before my guardian (he was evidently well acquainted with the vintage), and the two ladies left us.
but the wind slides eastward over its opaque surface in vain, till it reaches the living surface beyond.
there is the player who gives little shrieks at unexpected attacks; the player who explains his mistakes and what he had intended to do instead; the player who makes no sign whether of gloating or of despair.
naturally, no one was in the front office, as the news department of a small-town newspaper office is sometimes called.
i found, on questioning the servants, that estella was in paris, and i got a promise from the surgeon that he would write to her by the next post.
and do you remember when i got caned for crying about mr. mell?
i knew, from the first moment when i saw her with that poor dear blessed baby of a mother of yours, that she was the most ridiculous of mortals.
as i was not able to cut my dinner, the old landlord with a shining bald head did it for me.
the shadows of leaves fall upon their arms, as they spread the branches apart, but their shoulders are in the sun.
there has been much discussion of late of the possibility that the great lakes cities may suffer a water famine.
it was protected from the weather by an ingenious little tarpaulin contrivance in the nature of an umbrella.
but we are not anxious to hear what he is saying.
be calm, my dear maam, said mr. chillip, in his softest accents.
provided the editor has at his disposal skilled writers who have the fine arts of vivid and simple exposition and of the brief personal sketch, there is nothing of human interest that may not be presented.
traddles looked astonished, as he well might; but he had no notion as yet of my rapturous condition.
the cheeks are a slide from the brows into the valley of the face, opposed and diffused by the cheek bones.
translated in the science of legal method (modern legal philosophy series, vol.
she was a woman of about forty, i supposed,but i may have thought her younger than she was.
when we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence,that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
it is in this way that logic has been pursued by those of the great philosophers who were mystics--notably plato, spinoza, and hegel.
the meaning of a word, unlike that of an image, is wholly constituted by mnemic causal laws, and not in any degree by likeness (except in exceptional cases).
do you mean that you are jealous of a female person?
it was a hard matter to preserve the innocent deceit of which they were profoundly unsuspicious.
it is capable of being aroused whenever we hear the word or happen to think of it.
they are sharp thorns, but they are such comfort.
which gratified mr. dick so much, that he went at it again with greater vigour than before.
when it is ignored, it is intensified and becomes a source of strife.
and in these two years we have learned more than we had learned in the ten years of the home of the students.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
as often as i was restless in the night, and that was every quarter of an hour, i reflected what an unkindness, what an injury, what an injustice, biddy had done me.
well, then, understand once for all that i never shall or can be comfortableor anything but miserablethere, biddy!unless i can lead a very different sort of life from the life i lead now.
i use such celery in soups and stews of all kinds; it adds such a delicious flavor.
i shouldnt have got round my gentleman fellow-partner without it, i think.
he is a deeply-injured man, miss dartle, i replied.
all that i may tell you, here and now, is, that i pray to you to touch me and to bless me.
house-warming in october i went a-graping to the river meadows, and loaded myself with clusters more precious for their beauty and fragrance than for food.
i suppose we had some notion that this was to end in marriage.
and i have a power of attorney from him in my pocket, to act for him in all matters.
if the gods had been called to witness or good faith had a religious sanction, the duty to keep a promise was a matter for religion.
so far as it was developed, it had been my happiness to form it.
my story was now world-wide enough: scotland, india, and america being all obligatory scenes.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
the roof of it was of a purple hue, and trimmed with gold; the house itself was silvery, and the doors and windows red.
to return to business:--is it not remarkable that doctor manette, unquestionably innocent of any crime as we are all well assured he is, should never touch upon that question?
there is no appearance of a membrane about them.
it was a process of economic evolution, he said, and he exhibited its laws and methods.
she always observed this quickly, i thought, and always roused him with a question or caress.
i dipped into the household magazines, followed on into technical articles on efficiency, substituted labor-savers wherever i could, and started my first muddled set of accounts.
the cars never pause to look at it; yet i fancy that the engineers and firemen and brakemen, and those passengers who have a season ticket and see it often, are better men for the sight.
many captives were brought to me in this way.
your letter is like you, and what could i say of it that would be higher praise than that?
perhaps some arabian-night magician, opened up the place for the day, and shut it up for ever when we came away.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
thats his allegorical way of expressing it.
all the people within reach had suspended their business, or their idleness, to run to the spot and drink the wine.
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
it seems to be one of the kind smoothings and preparings of the way.
after a partial cessation of his sensuous life, the soul of man, or its organs rather, are reinvigorated each day, and his genius tries again what noble life it can make.
i have, in my possession, in his hand and pocket-book, several similar imitations of mr. w.s signature, here and there defaced by fire, but legible to anyone.
i can remember when it was a foot or two lower, and also when it was at least five feet higher, than when i lived by it.
that is well enough for men like you, he would say, silpnas, puny fellows--but my back is broad.
a little while, and he was always in pursuit of her, and he and i crossed one another every day.
for a person who thinks that the clicking sound of the machine will be terribly disagreeable.
traddles, who took his tone from me, did likewise, still looking at the fire.
he softly pushed the book over to me, as provis stood smoking with his eyes on the fire, and i read in it: young havishams name was arthur.
but i never confided my belief to anyone.
ye-es, sir, returned jerry, in something of a dogged manner.
believe that i--that i know best--that i love you!
verification consists always in the occurrence of an expected sense-datum.
we can hardly suppose a parliament of hitherto speechless elders meeting together and agreeing to call a cow a cow and a wolf a wolf.
after having long been in danger of my life at the hands of the village, i have been seized, with great violence and indignity, and brought a long journey on foot to paris.
he saw now how they had been plundered; but they were in for it, there was no turning back.
to you, the toilers, who have made this land, and have no voice in its councils!
the principal called the assistant professor of pleasaunce, and together they dragged the boy toward the forest.
i hope that real love and truth are stronger in the end than any evil or misfortune in the world.
as does the other of every particular extension, it matters not whether line, surface, or solid, whether of this or that magnitude or figure.
'doctor manette, formerly of beauvais,' said the other; 'the young physician, originally an expert surgeon, who within the last year or two has made a rising reputation in paris?'
as mr. lorry received these confidences, and as he watched the face of his friend now sixty-two years of age, a misgiving arose within him that such dread experiences would revive the old danger.
she says many hard things of you, but you say nothing of her.
and then she added, with a stress upon the words, it is in the nature formed within me.
it is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.
she saved twenty-five dollars a month on rent plus eighty dollars wages and about thirty dollars on her former maids' food.
he could not conquer except by virtue of a strong, tenacious, adventurous, and unscrupulous will; and after he had conquered, this will had him in complete possession.
since all external relation, and therefore all composition out of substances, is only possible in space, the space occupied by a complex thing must consist of as many parts as the thing consists of.
only a barrister is eligible for such preferments; and mr. micawber could not be a barrister, without being entered at an inn of court as a student, for five years.
and now, on top of all this--no, by god!
he had lost in the fierce battle of greed, and so was doomed to be exterminated; and all society was busied to see that he did not escape the sentence.
estella took no notice of either of us, but led us the way that i knew so well.
let the wretched man who now addresses you, my dear copperfield, be a beacon to you through life.
if there is a subject, it can have a relation to the patch of colour, namely, the sort of relation which we might call awareness.
man was not made so large limbed and robust but that he must seek to narrow his world, and wall in a space such as fitted him.
there is a great crowd coming one day into our lives, if that be so, sydney carton struck in, in his moody way.
russian's essay on lessons she had received in the value of saving opening a dime-savings account, is indicated by this composition: i must save money out of my earnings to put in the bank.
i speak understandingly on this subject, for i have made myself acquainted with it both theoretically and practically.
two examples from experience show the chances for missing and the delights of triumph.
the milk comes from forty-four thousand dairy farms scattered through new york, new jersey, connecticut, massachusetts, pennsylvania, vermont, and even ohio.
masr davy, he replied, ive put the question to myself a mort o times, and never found no answer.
and, by the way, who estimates the value of the crop which nature yields in the still wilder fields unimproved by man?
a very common causal group consists of volitions and the consequent bodily acts, though exceptions arise (for example) through sudden paralysis.
mr. peggotty was well, and ham was well, and mrs. gummidge was but poorly, and little emly wouldnt send her love, but said that peggotty might send it, if she liked.
i thought mr. jaggers glanced at joe, as if he considered him a fool for his disinterestedness.
in cold weather it was no little amusement to bake several small loaves of this in succession, tending and turning them as carefully as an egyptian his hatching eggs.
marija was an orphan, and had worked since childhood for a rich farmer of vilna, who beat her regularly.
now we may be well assured that the case was not thus, but far otherwise, with the early christians.
there was that jumble in my thoughts and recollections, that i had lost the clear arrangement of time and distance.
any child can read american literature, and if it does not make a man of him, it at least will not lead him into forbidden realms.
but it must give way before the onward march of the objective theory of legal transactions and is already fighting a rear-guard action.
i bowed my acknowledgements, and said, my aunt had mentioned to me that there was that opening, and that i believed i should like it very much.
some good and some bad goes, no doubt, to all callings.
after breakfast, joe brought out my indentures from the press in the best parlor, and we put them in the fire, and i felt that i was free.
again i contend that we are no farther advanced than we were before.
naturally, we was both of us inclined to give such a subject a wide berth.
stop half a moment, mr. gargery, said the strange man.
evidently the boy was becoming interested.
it is enough for this stage of legal development that all cases of liability may be referred to these two types and that useful distinctions may be reached therefrom.
ill let you go to the moon, ill let you go to the stars.
estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil.
not at all, but i hope to know it better.
then there would be a yell of warning--the men would drop everything and dash for the nearest pillar, slipping here and there on the floor, and tumbling over each other.
he, yielding under the pressure of a complicated something, long dreaded and long vaguely foreseen and contended against, and recovering after the cloud had burst and passed, i should hope that the worst was over.
we are so degraded that we cannot speak simply of the necessary functions of human nature.
tell her that more depends upon it than she dare believe, or hope.
i could not doubt that this person was the person of whom he had made such mysterious mention, though what the nature of his hold upon my aunt could possibly be, i was quite unable to imagine.
every minute spent in improving an article adds greatly to its chances of being accepted.
he was a true briton, and hoped there were many like him.
it was a very close election that year, and the echoes of the battle reached even to packingtown.
there can be no disparity in marriage, like unsuitability of mind and purpose.
nay, i was frequently notified of the passage of a traveller along the highway sixty rods off by the scent of his pipe.
with this definition, we can define a sensation as the non-mnemic elements in a perception.
not only persons are not held to engagements which violate the rights of third parties, but it is sometimes considered a sufficient reason for releasing them from an engagement, that it is injurious to themselves.
i tried to calm him, that we might come to something rational; but he got hotter and hotter, and wouldnt hear a word.
then the bell rings and we walk in a straight column to the city theatre for three hours of social recreation.
i drew a picture of our frugal home, made independent by my labour--sketching in the little house i had seen at highgate, and my aunt in her room upstairs.
and along with the thickening smoke they began to notice another circumstance, a strange, pungent odor.
but criticism is much more comprehensive than such restriction indicates: any object or subject is capable of criticism.
he has so strong a will that it can be crossed and counter-crossed, as by himself, so by a dozen outsiders, without a break in his apparent phlegm.
this tuber seemed like a faint promise of nature to rear her own children and feed them simply here at some future period.
a most earnest, pressing, and emphatic entreaty, addressed to you in the most pathetic tones of the voice so dear to you, that you well remember.
the answer is clear: the controlling purpose is of the utmost strategic value in helping to select and arrange material for attack upon the objective, which is the effect to be created in the reader's mind.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
i seem to be there, by permission of somebody else.
in order to ensure infinite divisibility, we require one further property to be added to those defining point-producers, namely that any object which encloses itself also encloses an object other than itself.
figures on the cost of the school he had secured from the head of the firm according to his preliminary plan.
in abstract knowledge also they are distinct, since abstract facts have no date.
but the reader can easily supply the interpretation for himself.
i exclaimed, laying down the carving-knife and fork.
applying similar considerations to space, and assuming that sense-data are to have not less than a certain spatial extension, it will be necessary to suppose that an infinite number of sense-data overlap spatially with any given sense-datum.
undoubtedly this did keep down the vermin, but it seemed probable, in view of all the circumstances, that the old lady regarded it rather as feeding the chickens than as cleaning the rooms.
but i believe he only did it because they were easy, and didnt want any features.
she listened with great attention, and with a face that often changed, but had the same purpose in all its varying expressions.
because, you clever boy, youll not forget me then, while you are full of silent fancies.
that girls hard and haughty and capricious to the last degree, and has been brought up by miss havisham to wreak revenge on all the male sex.
indeed, they sometimes dive below this line, as it were by mistake, and are undeceived.
he comes here at the peril of his life, for the realization of his fixed idea.
and then there was one who was known at the millionaire socialist.
i pondered on those words, even while i was studiously attending to what followed, as if they had some particular interest, or some strange application that i could not divine.
it looked as if this was the way these forms came to be transferred to our furniture, to tables, chairs, and bedsteads,because they once stood in their midst.
therefore i have no other object in this, than what rosa has mentioned.
not that we wanted to take them, you understand; we went out as lookers on; me, and mr. wopsle, and pip.
when visiting is better for the happiness of all parties, we are glad to receive visits, and return them.
this part of the course was usually lightened by several single combats between biddy and refractory students.
this treasure, as in duty bound, i laid at the feet of steerforth, and begged him to dispense.
as a result, perhaps, of our slow-changing educational ideals, they scorn the trades.
he took my chin in his large hand and turned up my face to have a look at me by the light of the candle.
a written word is the choicest of relics.
to be practical for dairy farmers, as producers of milk, the article would have to point out possible economies in keeping cows and handling milk on the farm.
it was october, and the holiday rush had begun.
lucie, the wife of evremonde; is it not?
even when she was quite a child, she was the agnes whom we know, said i.
at this moment she chanced to look round, and saw jurgis: she shook her finger at him.
when the would-be porter is through in this schoolroom his education goes forward out on the line.
over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.
men say, practically, begin where you are and such as you are, without aiming mainly to become of more worth, and with kindness aforethought go about doing good.
other apparent inconsistencies or errors have been retained.
especially, said mr. pumblechook, be grateful, boy, to them which brought you up by hand.
consequently introspection as a separate kind of knowledge disappears.
in criticizing literature and art this method is often difficult, for we must take into account race, geography, and other conditions.
where the devil did it come from, i wonder!
she looked at me keenly for a little while, and then said quietly, what do you want for them?
we had left barnards inn more than a year, and lived in the temple.
our knowledge of such relations, though it requires more power of abstraction than is required for perceiving the qualities of sense-data, appears to be equally immediate, and (at least in some cases) equally indubitable.
deep ditches, double drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers, cannon, muskets, fire and smoke.
she said, in a low, distinct, awe-stricken voice, as if she were saying it in a dream, i am going to see his ghost!
so he got into difficulties in every direction, and continued to look about him.
he did it with some flourish of ceremony, for a mail journey from london in winter was an achievement to congratulate an adventurous traveller upon.
or the writer, by telling his own experiences in doing something, may give readers directions in an interesting form.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
the greatest trial that i had, remained.
has he the gift of familiarity, or does he struggle in vain to break through the bars of personality, or is he terrified at the gulf between himself and another?
such judgments are all obviously liable to error, since there is no correlation of which we have a right to be certain that it is invariable.
(but he shook his head aside at us, evidently sensible of the tendency of the late occurrences to recall the memory of the old one.)
they had not traversed many steps of the long main staircase when he stopped, and stared at the roof and round at the walls.
minnie stayed behind to fold up what they had made, and pack it in two baskets.
mr. jorkins, who had been at norwood since the occurrence, came to the office a few days afterwards.
i was so faint and tired, that the idea of holding out for six miles more, was too much for me.
he would say, as he went by in the morning, how thick the pigeons are!
cortez, whose determination only increased with misfortune, decided to delay his march until the inclemency of the season abated....
it is a gem of the first water which concord wears in her coronet.
then, she turned faint; and was so very ill that they were obliged to give her cherry brandy.
he will also add that a party only wednesday offered him so much for the pig--and he names about double the proper price.
miss havisham, i said, when her cry had died away, you may dismiss me from your mind and conscience.
he led me at once to the widest part of the pond, and could not be driven from it.
there was a peculiarity in his manner of shaking hands, always to be seen in any clerk at tellson's who shook hands with a customer when the house pervaded the air.
with another quick glance at them, and such a glance at me as seemed to look into my innermost thoughts.
they moved to the table and the others followed.
they either know nothing about it, or are above such terrene trifles.
there was a stool, and table, and a straw bed.
the last i saw of him, his head was bent over his knee and he was working hard at his fetter, muttering impatient imprecations at it and at his leg.
the value of this is at once apparent: our minds tend all too much to wander from subject to subject, browsing here and there, without any really directed feeding.
do you wish to say anything further to him?
i had a bottle of something--i don't know what it was--something that burned-- there was again a laugh round the courtroom, stopping suddenly as the magistrate looked up and frowned.
for even this doctrine acknowledges that mankind ought to have a rational assurance that all objections have been satisfactorily answered; and how are they to be answered if that which requires to be answered is not spoken?
first, over yonder; he appeared to mean up the chimney, but i believe he intended to refer me to liverpool; and then in the city of london here.
that is the principal, i may say the only difficulty, my dear mr. copperfield, assented his wife.
you know i was obliged, said camilla,i was obliged to be firm.
his table was covered with papers, and he was hard at work in an old coat.
the other interests you because the writer has had the skill to translate his facts and ideas into terms that are personal to you.
firmness, i may observe, was the grand quality on which both mr. and miss murdstone took their stand.
but, there was one remarkable piece of evidence on the spot.
it is but three stories high, built of light red brick, and finished with white marble.
the workmen, too, you will notice, do not stay long within doors, but take refuge in a little shelter booth outside.
all this time he was squeezing my hand with his damp fishy fingers, while i made every effort i decently could to get it away.
at home, in my own room, i am sometimes moved to cry out, oh, miss shepherd!
it ought to have been finished long ago.
my sister had been standing silent in the yard, within hearing,she was a most unscrupulous spy and listener,and she instantly looked in at one of the windows.
you will be able to find your way to the door without much difficulty by means of the picture of the room which you have in your mind.
he walked a little in front of us, and kept before us for some minutes.
pray discuss it with me; pray enable me to see it a little more clearly, and teach me how to be a little more useful.
my opinion is confirmed, and i reiterate my advice.
as this appeared to be addressed to traddles and me, both traddles and i made some sort of reply.
space and time appear to be infinite in extent, and infinitely divisible.
it struck fear to his heart to watch her.
here, then, we have a fresh patterna pattern, to speak grossly, of letterswhich makes the fourth preoccupation of the prose writer, and the fifth of the versifier.
and have you been here all that time, dear joe?
where the house stands like a fungus in a muck-heap, chambers for men, horses, oxen, and swine, cleansed and uncleansed, all contiguous to one another!
i have preyed on my own morbid coward heart, and it has preyed on me.
miss micawber, nursing the unconscious stranger of mrs. micawbers last letter to me, was sensibly affected.
then jurgis fought like a wild beast to get into the big harrison street police station, and slept down in a corridor, crowded with two other men upon a single step.
some weeks afterward brave spirits from the school explored the thicket, but they could find nothing to remind them of gawaine except the metal parts of his medals.
on my replying to both these questions in the negative, it occurred to me that i fell again in her good opinion; but she concealed the fact gracefully, and invited me to dinner next day.
my dearest life, i said one day to dora, do you think mary anne has any idea of time?
she only knew that there had been an attack upon the prisons, that all political prisoners had been in danger, and that some had been dragged out by the crowd and murdered.
no, father, said lucie, yearning and weeping as she kissed her hand, no.
the latter arrangement grows out of the practice of paying correspondents between the first and the tenth of each month for the work of the preceding month.
a curious equality of friendship, originating, i suppose, in our respective circumstances, sprung up between me and these people, notwithstanding the ludicrous disparity in our years.
* in a perfected science, causal laws will take the form of differential equations--or of finite-difference equations, if the theory of quanta should prove correct.
that portion of the east side which surrounds the henry street settlement has seen many an invasion since the days when the dutch first ousted the indians.
but i confess that i am now inclined to think that there is a finer way of studying ornithology than this.
to protect their literary property, they often copyright their features, and a line of print announcing this fact is often the only indication in a newspaper that the matter was furnished by a syndicate.
the objects apprehended--must be mental, are found to have no validity whatever.
to say truth, said i, i have only seen some dim reference to the things in memoirs; and heard some traditions dimmer still, through my uncle (whom i think you knew).
letting those exclamations off like minute guns.
they were in front of a saloon; and by the light of the window jurgis saw that it was a hundred-dollar bill!
the obvious argument is, of course, derived from analogy.
every day she seems to get fonder and fonder of her uncle, and more loth to part from all of us.
over the chair they had thrown a red flag, and to the back of it they had bound a pike with a red cap on its top.
i have become shabby enough, if you mean that, he said.
but for the latter inconvenience, the carriage probably would not have stopped; carriages were often known to drive on, and leave their wounded behind, and why not?
to tell you the truth, i think he is; though it sounds bold in me to say so, for you must know him far better than i do.
on the day of mr. micawbers memorable denunciation a threatening allusion was made by uriah heep to your aunts--husband.
you come to london, i rely on you, and i have an object and a course at once.
then, too, he was a puny little chap; and so he had been left behind in the race, and that was why he was sore.
why level downward to our dullest perception always, and praise that as common sense?
for my part, i should like to know who in those days did not build them,who were above such trifling.
ah monsieur heretofore the marquis, i send my desolate cry across the sea, hoping it may perhaps reach your ears through the great bank of tilson known at paris!
this space the bees had completely filled with honey.
becoming reconciled to a new town, or system of government, or catalogue system in a library.
the pupils ate apples and put straws down one anothers backs, until mr. wopsles great-aunt collected her energies, and made an indiscriminate totter at them with a birch-rod.
you wont answer the question, yes or no?
however, i have not set my heart on that.
and on this ground he regards the freedom of the will as unassailable.
this definition is framed for the purposes of biology, and is in some respects unsuited to the needs of psychology.
no, he acquiesced: i heard it had happened very lately.
on another occasion, brutus and csar might engage our attention, but for the present it is the killing that we have to study.
while we were at breakfast, a letter was delivered to me from my aunt.
but when we come to the analysis and scientific understanding of the facts, the advantages on the side of self-knowledge become far less clear.
but what a blessing it is for the son of my father and mother to love a girl who has no relations, and who can never bother herself or anybody else about her family!
in what i call bare assent, there is no time-element in the feeling of belief, though there may be in the content of what is believed.
in the cell next to him was a drunken wife-beater and in the one beyond a yelling maniac.
you have expended a great deal on my education, and have always been as liberal to me in all things as it was possible to be.
i doubt whether such preferences can maintain themselves.
it has no good in it for me--except wine like this--nor i for it.
if so, the non-sensational part of our perception will be illusory, i.e.
i know very well that you can have no tenderness for me; i ask for none; i am even thankful that it cannot be.
the little chlorinating plant is situated on the line of this tunnel so that the solution is readily introduced into the water before it reaches the pool called a settling basin.
significant ideas that need to be impressed upon the mind of the reader belong at the beginning.
he is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored; he hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible, swift sword.
how much fairer than the pool before the farmers door, in which his ducks swim!
we were told to file our claims with the whites.
but why, after displaying so much cunning, did he invariably betray himself the moment he came up by that loud laugh?
once he stirred, and the dog growled; after that he sat almost holding his breath--until after a while the door of the room opened softly, and the butler came in.
the staring of mrs. markleham during the whole narration, and the shrill, sharp interjections with which she occasionally interrupted it, defy description.
in the case of speaking, the chief instinct involved is commonly supposed to be that of imitation, but this may be questioned.
we turned and we looked at them for the last time, and a rage, such as it is not fit for humans to know, choked our voice in our throat.
great guide boards of stone, but travelers none; cenotaphs of the towns named on their crowns.
there, too, i was again left to wander about as i liked.
between mama and me, in all relating to you, there was a wide division.
jurgis had, alas, very little time to see his baby; he never felt the chains about him more than just then.
the two waited until his fit had spent itself, to see what new whim would seize him.
--which is verse, said mr. peggotty, surprised to find it out, though i hadnt such intentions.
its all over, no doubt, said the old soldier, after listening; the dear creature has signed, sealed, and delivered, and his minds at rest.
tom had never had me out of his thoughts, she really believed, all the time i had been away.
we have seen that analysis consists in breaking a subject into its components, in discovering of what it is made.
in a similar way i am, or i have been, trustee of one kind or other for scores of our customers.
twice, i could have sworn there was a knocking and whispering at the outer door.
when at length she put her arm through mine, to be taken to the drawing-room, her charming little face was flushed, and had never been so pretty.
and now, though i know you have already done it in your own kind hearts, pray tell me, both, that you forgive me!
all on you owns stock and land; which on you owns a brought-up london gentleman?
as he looked at carton with clouded eyes and with an altered manner of breathing, carton--his hand again in his breast--looked steadily at him.
guv'ner brings 'em--free show--hic--reg'lar circus!
cried mrs. micawber, more affected than before, i never will do it!
and so far he, indeed, stands where the standard of individualistic revolt has so often been raised.
in the second our law sometimes goes on a property theory of constructive trust.
a third and closely related idea conceives of law as the recorded wisdom of the wise men of old who had learned the safe course or the divinely approved course for human conduct.
after she died the man would go to work all day and leave them to shift for themselves--the neighbors would help them now and then, for they would almost freeze to death.
(in the meantime, of course, you understand, you can't have us pinched and deported for our yearnings.)
the day is veiled, but we catch such glimpses through the veil.
for a long time ona had seen that miss henderson, the forelady in her department, did not like her.
our body was not like the bodies of our brothers, for our limbs were straight and thin and hard and strong.
it is also much faster than the old method--an average of about forty bottles per minute as against barely twenty.
in america every one had laughed at the mere idea of socialism then--in america all men were free.
inquired steerforth, laughing, and resigning his seat.
i couldnt quite understand why peggotty looked so queer, or why she was so ready to go back to the crocodiles.
only they who go to soires and legislative halls must have new coats, coats to change as often as the man changes in them.
the two brutal casts, always inseparable in my mind from the official proceedings, seemed to be congestively considering whether they didnt smell fire at the present moment.
so we have, at the present moment, a society with, say, thirty per cent of the population occupied in producing useless articles, and one per cent occupied in destroying them.
anyones hand is ready to help him, you understand, and his is ready to help them.
this is too much in the spirit of the strict law.
the chief difference is that words of this latter sort do not denote processes, however brief, but static features of the world.
i entered, therefore, and found myself in a pretty large room, well lighted with wax candles.
if i had known what i was coming to see, i could have come provided.
i only mean that i suppose some compensation is fair and reasonable in that sort of marriage.
in order to handle hundreds of manuscripts as expeditiously as possible, most large editorial offices have worked out systems that, though differing slightly, are essentially the same.
the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich mans abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.
but such incidents are rare, and cannot constitute the whole of my belief that charles i was executed.
under some sedate shade trees, you are led to an old pennsylvania stone farmhouse--the administration building, if you please.
in cutting into the tree, the north side of it was found to be saturated with water like a spring, which ran out in big drops, and had a bitter flavor.
i don't want you to be handicapped, so i'll keep this two dollars.
the popes homers would soon get properly distributed.
for, though it includes what i proceed to add, all the merit of what i proceed to add was joes.
this i did next day, through herbert, as soon as i returned to town.
the weather was miserably raw, and the two cursed the cold.
so thought the roman jurists of the republic and of the classical period with respect to positive law.
to mr. morphy they long since became subject--invariably calculable.
screamed peggotty, growed out of knowledge!
i know it must have been severe, by my own feelings, copperfield; which were like a criminals.
boston, with the fine spirit of the tea party still flowing in its blue veins, has always resented that as a sort of railroad impertinence.
traddles is a good fellow, returned my host nodding his head with an air of toleration.
do the fruits of conquest perish by the very completeness of the victory?
if there is any donkey in dover, whose audacity it is harder to me to bear than anothers, that, said my aunt, striking the table, is the animal!
why, he is a sort of monkish attorney, replied steerforth.
here down the middle of the way are endless trains, stopping, starting, crashing, laden to their ears with freight, doubtless all to eat.
the writer's name and address should always be given on the envelope in which the manuscript is sent to the publishers.
i took particular pleasure in this breaking of ground, for in almost all latitudes men dig into the earth for an equable temperature.
she was happy and useful, was prospering as she had hoped.
after my chicken has cooled out enough so the flesh will cut easily, i draw it.
seven o'clock came, the hour when the great packing machine began to move.
my overcharged heart found the same relief, and i cried too.
they both rolled on to their feet in an untidy sort of manner, when we came in, and said, halloa, murdstone!
does he resemble either of these two passengers?
and so jurgis spent the balance of the night in the stockyards station house.
text enclosed by equal signs is in bold (=bold=).
nothing more was said, and the mender of roads, being found already dozing on the topmost stair, was advised to lay himself down on the pallet-bed and take some rest.
proceeding in this way, by taking more and more events, a new event which is dated as simultaneous with all of them becomes gradually more and more accurately dated.
one of these is the partition of households.
three others and myself unite to have a set of chambers--to look business-like--and we quarter the clerk too.
take labrador cod for export to the mediterranean lands or to porto rico via new york.
this is a democratic version of the identification of law with rules of law and hence with the enactments and decrees of the city-state which is discussed in the platonic minos.
we could then have said that remembering is a direct relation between the present act or subject and the past occurrence remembered: the act of remembering is present, though its object is past.
i have water from the spring, and a loaf of brown bread on the shelf.hark!
firstly, on account of its being so well worth seeing, and our never having seen it; and secondly, on account of the great probability of something turning up in a cathedral town.
we believe--masr davy, me, and all of us--that you are as innocent of everything that has befell her, as the unborn child.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
all these things i saw without then knowing that i saw them, for i was in an agony of apprehension.
then conceive the problem of forming wise conjunction between vision and accomplishment, between desire and restraint, and the life of the man is at once unified, centered, illuminated, and made significant.
by him you were sure to be cheated unmercifully, and that even though you thought yourself the dearest of the hundreds of friends he had.
when i left, estella was yet standing by the great chimney-piece, just as she had stood throughout.
but i hope i am able to do something to relieve him from the fatigues of business, master copperfield!
the table is 'the physical object which causes such-and-such sense-data'.
if we employ an arbitrary symbol, and pay, say, five dollars a day for farm work, then the cost of a bushel of wheat is fifty cents.
it is a most useful instrument toward good writing; its justification is its practical usefulness.
whenever he looked at us, we all expressed the greatest interest and amazement, and nodded until he resumed again.
there's nothing--unless it's this, he said.
doubt, suspense of judgment and disbelief all seem later and more complex than a wholly unreflecting assent.
divide your attentions equally between books and men.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
the maidenly bosom bared to this, the pretty almost-child's head thus distracted, the delicate foot mincing in this slough of blood and dirt, were types of the disjointed time.
god himself culminates in the present moment, and will never be more divine in the lapse of all the ages.
he had his slippers on, and a loose bed-gown, and his throat was bare for his greater ease.
if he has done anything that gives him a place in the news of to-day, he is presented to you.
he is an infectious fellow: if you read him much you will find yourself trying to imitate him; there is no harm in doing so: he himself caught the trick from rabelais.
every regular appearance is an actual member of the system which is the star, and its causation is entirely internal to that system.
i suppose so, i replied with a smile, and not without a blush.
the hours went on as he walked to and fro, and the clocks struck the numbers he would never hear again.
in reference to our domestic preparations, madam, said mr. micawber, with some pride, for meeting the destiny to which we are now understood to be self-devoted, i beg to report them.
by the by; you were quite a pigeon-fancier.
and this indeed had been the first thing that jurgis had thought of himself--he had clenched his hands and braced himself anew for the struggle, for the sake of that tiny mite of human possibility.
his candidacy was also backed by the republican machine.
dear pip, said biddy, you are sure you dont fret for her?
but i would not cancel it, if it were in my power.
he sat, with his hands in his pockets and his legs stretched out before him, looking at the fire.
by advertising, said mrs. micawber--in all the papers.
let us out, you old fox, or ill get him to bring an action against you for false imprisonment.
and are always a getting stronger, old chap?
this analysis of memory is probably extremely faulty, but i do not know how to improve it.
a few words on each alternative will serve to make this clear.
as i watched them while they all stood clustering about the forge, enjoying themselves so much, i thought what terrible good sauce for a dinner my fugitive friend on the marshes was.
it is to be a genuine community enterprise in which each boy and girl will have a share.
the jack at the ship was instructed where the drowned man had gone down, and undertook to search for the body in the places where it was likeliest to come ashore.
sehna--closest woven small rug, minute pattern.
with the aid of state-college men, one of peet's foremost lines of bureau work has been that of taking inventories of the farming business of niagara county.
masr davy bor--gentlmen growed--so th are!
lucie manette, only daughter of doctor manette, the good physician who sits there.
from the hearth to the field is a great distance.
he would have asked jurgis to his home--but he had only two rooms, and had no bed to offer.
and you feel convinced that you must break with him?
bentham rationalized it as a body of rules, laid down and enforced by the state's authority, whereby the maximum of happiness, conceived in terms of free self-assertion, was secured to each individual.
the latter idea took form in the seventeenth century and prevailed for two centuries thereafter, culminating in the juristic thought of the last generation.
she is five years younger than i, and she lives in a farmer's house in the south country.
the first exclamation sounded like a question put to both of us, and the second like a question put to steerforth only.
when i ask you to pass out at that door, tell me it is madness and remain here.
that was not the last time either, biddy?
why don't you quit chicago with me, jurgis?
would there be any objection to my taking leave of any one i know, about here, before i go away?
the bullfrogs trump to usher in the night, and the note of the whippoorwill is borne on the rippling wind from over the water.
v. mind is a matter of degree, chiefly exemplified in number and complexity of habits.
agnes had listened at first with suspended breath.
is the question that he must ask himself at every stage of his work.
and he had better play there, said my sister, shaking her head at me as an encouragement to be extremely light and sportive, or ill work him.
yet it must be noted that wherever we find a securing of group interests, the group in occupation is secured against interference of other groups with that occupation.
this exploit confers some dignity on the herd in my eyesalready dignified.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
but there was nothing to be done, saving to communicate to wemmick what i had that night found out, and to remind him that we waited for his hint.
o the sense of distance and disparity that came upon me, and the inaccessibility that came about her!
farther in the woods than any of these, where the road approaches nearest to the pond, wyman the potter squatted, and furnished his townsmen with earthen ware, and left descendants to succeed him.
true paradise for the disciples of nietzsche, where at last we dare appear as selfish as we are!
as if these vast and fertile regions would naturally be the place of meeting and common country of all the inhabitants of the globe.
i said, yes, boldly; not that i knew anything about it, heaven forgive me!
his face was as fiery as ever; his eyes were as small, and rather deeper set.
he was of no consequence--he was flung aside, like a bit of trash, the carcass of some animal.
by courtesy of the publisher, robert m. mcbride & co., new york city.
when i ask what i am to call myself to-day, herbert, i went on, i suggest what i have in my thoughts.
the mold closes, and the platform turns on, bringing around another mold to the gatherer.
and a pretty little girl with long, flaxen, curling hair, soon came running into the shop.
he stirred his rum and water pointedly at me, and he tasted his rum and water pointedly at me.
literature is written by and for two senses: a sort of internal ear, quick to perceive unheard melodies; and the eye, which directs the pen and deciphers the printed phrase.
he was a young fellow--not much over eighteen, with a handsome boyish face.
some were white hogs, some were black; some were brown, some were spotted; some were old, some young; some were long and lean, some were monstrous.
this decline of the drama is a thing on which i feel deeply and bitterly; for i am, or i have been, something of an actor myself.
religion, the internal discipline of the organized kindred, and the law of the state were three co-ordinate agencies of social control in ancient society.
it is, perhaps, not often that a map figures so largely in a tale, yet it is always important.
littimer was here today, to inquire for you, i remarked, and i understood him that you were at oxford; though, now i think of it, he certainly did not say so.
why meddle with the loom and its flying shuttle?
she seemed to raise it (the listener's eyes were always on his paper), and to let it fall with a rattle on the ledge before her, as if the axe had dropped.
but i'll pay you--every cent--just as soon as i can; i can work-- vot is your work?
that day they had killed about four thousand cattle, and these cattle had come in freight trains from far states, and some of them had got hurt.
it was again a summer day when, lately arrived in london from his college occupation, he turned into the quiet corner in soho, bent on seeking an opportunity of opening his mind to doctor manette.
much that i have seen, but not noted, has come back upon me with new meaning, during this last trying hour.
you give me my money back, if you please, said i, very much frightened; and leave me alone.
i fathomed the depth of the rascals whole scheme, and understood why he laid it bare.
youll only be gone one night, and jip will take care of me while you are gone.
mr. wickfield said not one word, though the old lady looked to him as if for his commentary on this intelligence; but sat severely silent, with his eyes fixed on the ground.
im an umble individual to give you her elth, proceeded uriah, but i admire--adore her.
one, two, three, and now i am in for it.
then jurgis covered his face with his hands, for there were tears in his eyes, and he felt like a fool.
i said, my dear, heres doctor strong has positively been and made you the subject of a handsome declaration and an offer.
the surprise and its consequences would have been much less disagreeable to me if he had not been penitent.
it is a vehicle for conveying ideas and emotions.
the month of may was an exceptionally cool one, and his secret prayers were granted; but early in june there came a record-breaking hot spell, and after that there were men wanted in the fertilizer mill.
they are a sort whom it is a pleasure for a porter to serve.
moreover, the meaning of a word is not absolutely definite: there is always a greater or less degree of vagueness.
do they know you live here--how you live?
and this year it is bending its resources toward finding sufficient cars to meet the demands for the long overland trek to the expositions on the pacific coast.
and what will become of all these creatures?
so he sat, with a steadfastly vacant gaze, pausing in his work.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
we do not think we were necessarily not free in the past, merely because we can now remember our past volitions.
told in the first person, such stories are realistic and convincing.
he handed me long slabs of plate matter to read.
our life is like a german confederacy, made up of petty states, with its boundary forever fluctuating, so that even a german cannot tell you how it is bounded at any moment.
the one depends as little as the other upon our caprice.
if you are grateful to me for what i did when i was a little child, i hope you have shown your gratitude by mending your way of life.
he had struck root in joes establishment, by reason of my sisters sudden fancy for him, or i should have tried to get him dismissed.
herbert and i agreed that we could do nothing else but be very cautious.
the addition of some element of belief seems required, since mere imagination does not involve consciousness of anything, and there can be no consciousness which is not of something.
they took a lodging in the house where i lived, for a week; at the expiration of which time they were to start for plymouth.
there never was a woman for whom a difficult situation offered a more bracing tonic quality.
and really his anxiety to be of use in the investigations we have been making, and his real usefulness in extracting, and copying, and fetching, and carrying, have been quite stimulating to us.
but, the truth is, talent is not wanted in the custom house.
of provincialism of the narrowest type american writers, like other men of imagination, are not guilty to any reprehensible degree.
a chicken can be fat to a degree without being so fat as he can or should be made for the purpose of marketing.
so they would struggle to hang on until he got out of jail--or would they know that he was in jail, would they be able to find out anything about him?
i thought, as they came towards us, that they were well matched even in that particular.
so, we are told, the new hollander goes naked with impunity, while the european shivers in his clothes.
exactly at the expiration of the quarter of an hour, they reappeared with no less dignity than they had disappeared.
but i was too much bewildered between breathless curiosity and surprise, to be sure of it.
i lay down with the greater part of my clothes on, and slept well for a few hours.
in proportion as this latitude has been exercised in any age, has that age been noteworthy to posterity.
but let us first get a clearer statement of the essential characteristic of the phenomena.
but nietzsche differs from other individualists in that the great object toward which his struggle is directed is the discovery of what his own individuality itself means and is.
said i, at last resuming it; i was going to mention something.
as the ancient clerk deliberately folded and superscribed the note, mr. cruncher, after surveying him in silence until he came to the blotting-paper stage, remarked: i suppose they'll be trying forgeries this morning?
it is natures own bird which lives on buds and diet-drink.
the content of a belief involves not merely a plurality of constituents, but definite relations between them; it is not determinate when its constituents alone are given.
but everything, according to this view, is relative, not to one or two other things, but to all other things, so that from one bit of truth the whole can be inferred.
it must contain at least one constituent which is a word or an image, and it may or may not contain one or more sensations as constituents.
he remained calm and silent, with his eyes fixed on the ground, and the tip of every finger of his right hand delicately poised against the tip of every finger of his left.
in our boyish want of discretion i dare say we took too much to drink, and i know we talked too much.
the present is one of those momentous stages in the life of man.
we borrowed something of this mode of thought from the romans in our law of bailments and hence think indifferently in terms of tort or contract in that connection, although historically our action for such cases is delictal.
there used to be lots of women like that in the old country.
she was a fairy, a sylph, i dont know what she was--anything that no one ever saw, and everything that everybody ever wanted.
as he took me out at the door, my mother ran towards us.
pip, said he, putting his large hand on my shoulder and moving me to the window, i dont know one from the other.
it would surprise me if any other country could produce the shoulder i had yesterday.
in some respects he was also a sly old bird.
there is no joy for men, save the joy shared with all their brothers.
and there at last, sure enough, was old glory, with its silken tassels floating in the london breeze, carried by a solemn giant, with another on either side.
as in political so in literary action a man wins friends for himself mostly by the passion of his prejudices and by the consistent narrowness of his outlook.
consequently, a usual, and probably the usual, pronunciation there is hos-t[=i]le.
consequently, i am not so much engaged as you--in that sense.
are not uncommon--and seldom bring desired results.
i have sometimes sat alone here of an evening, listening, until i have made the echoes out to be the echoes of all the footsteps that are coming by-and-bye into our lives.
he stared at her as if she were a ghost.
the attending surgeon asked, after the lapse of three or four minutes.
[illustration] i had said to compeyson that id smash that face of his, and i swore lord smash mine!
as i had long forborne to encourage him with hopes that hung on threads, i made no other comment on this information than that i supposed he would see her soon.
he is the great western pioneer whom the nations follow.
this terrible threat caused the two women to fall off immediately.
there was a titter in the courtroom; the officer who was holding jurgis put up his hand to hide a smile, and the magistrate smiled without trying to hide it.
the chief social want, which no other social institution could satisfy, was the security of social institutions generally.
and she was happy because she was enlarging her horizon.
it had happened some three or four years then, he said, and you brought into his mind the little girl so tragically lost, who would have been about your age.
an image may thus come to fulfil the function of a general idea.
now, that handsome sum of money, pip, is your own.
and then i kissed my sister who was laughing and nodding and shaking in her usual chair, and kissed biddy, and threw my arms around joes neck.
well make some regular arabian nights of it.
they worked on long-distance phones, the telegraph, the mails.
the presence of a colony of bees in a wood gives it interest.
every subject has its center of truth, which can be discovered by patient clear thinking; if the thinking be either unclear or impatient, the interpretation will be false.
on the other hand, the new facts have brought new powers; man's physical control over natural forces has been increasing with unexampled rapidity, and promises to increase in the future beyond all easily assignable limits.
and his watch is a gold repeater, and worth a hundred pound if its worth a penny.
it was of red brick, two stories high, with small windows, facing a busy stone sidewalk.
mr. james and myself have been abroad with the young woman, ever since she left yarmouth under mr. jamess protection.
but owing to memory, he contends, this principle does not apply to mental events.
you assumed some name, i suppose, on board ship?
i come from her--your wife, dear darnay.
he was sitting on a low bench by the fire.
i am growing great in latin verses, and neglect the laces of my boots.
you've been up against it, i see, he said.
theres a babby fur you, in the form of a great sea porkypine!
being already no stranger to the general rapidity of my aunts evolutions, i was not surprised by the suddenness of the proposal, and said: yes.
at every period of life, after we have become capable of thought, some of our beliefs are obtained by inference, while others are not.
dora, clinging to them both, and weeping, exclaimed, o yes, aunts!
let them do the idiotic and maniacal hooting for men.
and now a last word, dearest and best of friends!
my impression is, that i was in a state of confusion about it, and, oscillating between the two points, touched neither.
i don't know, mr. darnay; i told you it was a foolish fancy, but you asked for it.
the carrier looked at me, as if to inquire if she were coming back.
and, said mrs. micawber, though it is possible i may be mistaken in my view of the ceremony, i never will!
the marriage day was fixed, the wedding dresses were bought, the wedding tour was planned out, the wedding guests were invited.
a coolness, physical and spiritual, bathes you from head to foot.
neither will you find him measuring all human interests, and joys, and sorrows, with his one poor little inch-rule now.
social utilitarianism has stood in need of correction both from psychology and from sociology.
she was a woman in the prime of life; of a severe countenance; and subject (particularly in the arms) to a sort of perpetual measles or fiery rash.
i think she got to be more timid, and more frightened-like, of late; and that a hard word was like a blow to her.
this certainly had not a profitable appearance, and i shook my head as if i would imply that it would be difficult to lay by much accumulative capital from such a source of income.
when she had anything to sell, she put on a good-looking tailored suit, a becoming hat, smart shoes and gloves, and went to the city to talk to ultimate consumers.
what is the meaning of one hundred and five, north tower?
what does this here blessed tarpaulin go and do, said mr. peggotty, with his face one high noon of enjoyment, but he loses that there art of his to our little emly.
the trouble lay in the fact that the author did not give johnny the necessary information at the essential time.
it was made of two white-pine logs dug out and pinned together, and was cut off square at the ends.
it would be a strange thing if a man like him could not support the family, with the help of the board of jonas and marija.
the old unhappy feeling pervaded my life.
the most prominent object was a long table with a tablecloth spread on it, as if a feast had been in preparation when the house and the clocks all stopped together.
wild honey is as near like tame as wild bees are like their brothers in the hive.
ranged along a brown-draped oak branch in the waxing light, crows show a lordly glistening of feathers.
if you dont stop his mouth, youre not his friend!
i could not have wished for a prettier little wife at the opposite end of the table, but i certainly could have wished, when we sat down, for a little more room.
that the whole or any large part of the education of the people should be in state hands, i go as far as any one in deprecating.
overpowered by sudden grief, he sobbed aloud.
i told him i must go, but he took no notice, so i thought the best thing i could do was to slip off.
there was an anxious expression in them, but it cleared directly.
she was lost on the street all night, and i've only just succeeded in getting her quiet.
we looked at one another, without knowing what to make of this, and went into the sitting-room.
i saw the door move, and the snow drift in.
ill accept the will for the deed, said wemmick.
a fourth had a vision of what the bureau and the new education it heralded could do toward educating the men and women of the future to a knowledge of their rights as workers.
i have known it very fashionable indeed.
you are not going to say into the old estella?
and at the best, how indefinite and unsatisfactory, only to know so vaguely what they are!
but i was more than a match for him on the surface.
it is proper to state that i forego any advantage which could be derived to my argument from the idea of abstract right, as a thing independent of utility.
we had got to the top of holborn hill before i knew that it was merely a mechanical appearance, and that he was not smiling at all.
i have nothing, i tell you--i have nothing, he cried, frantically.
without stopping to try to understand those words or the tone in which they were spoken, i turned off to a point that had just come into my mind.
the present situation in the world of baseball.
an army of men are employed, and they all stand with heavy hammers ready to strike.
i read with my watch upon the table, purposing to close my book at eleven oclock.
a woman of orderly and industrious appearance rose from her knees in a corner, with sufficient haste and trepidation to show that she was the person referred to.
i don't say this by way of disparagement.
in her own old place sat peggotty, once more, looking (but for her dress) as if she had never left it.
i say we, master copperfield; for i never will, said mrs. micawber with emotion, i never will desert mr. micawber.
do you wish to know what is known of her?
if either of you saw my ankles, she said, when she was safely elevated, say so, and ill go home and destroy myself!
i feel that this will break my heart by-and-bye; but i will do my duty while i can, and when i leave her, god will raise up friends for her, as he did for me.
i do not now refer to my own family, but to our childrens children.
herberts representations that, if i did, i should probably be laid up and stricken useless, when our fugitives safety would depend upon me, alone restrained my impatience.
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
i opened it, and read the writing of agnes.
they were not unlike birds, altogether; having a sharp, brisk, sudden manner, and a little short, spruce way of adjusting themselves, like canaries.
we should never stand upon ceremony with sincerity.
and jurgis stared at him with wild eyes.
as a group their consciousness of the city's industrial problems is still nebulous.
then we walk back to the home in a straight column.
whatever was reserved for him, he expressly said, or wherever his abode might be, we might rely on this--there would always be a room for traddles, and a knife and fork for me.
what the unmentionable to ears polite, do you think i want with rouge?
much as i desired to put an end to the interview, i felt that i had no right to present myself; that it was for mr. peggotty alone to see her and recover her.
it was at mr. creakles, my son tells me, that you first became acquainted, said mrs. steerforth, as she and i were talking at one table, while they played backgammon at another.
the opened half-door was opened a little further, and secured at that angle for the time.
if your father had not died when he did--don't be frightened!
i deplored the untimely death of mr. spenlow, most sincerely, and shed tears in doing so.
there is a whole type of problems which can be solved by such definitions, and almost always there will be at first an effect of paradox.
certain more vulnerable portions of the nervous system are affected, while the remainder is normal.
these elements are taken up by plant life, elaborated into living vegetable growth and made fit again for the nourishment of animal life, thus completing the marvelous cycle.
try copperfield, if you please, sir, said i, looking helplessly down.
with a good deal more of that sort, which i wondered how they knew.
the underlying motive in atomism was not, i think, any empirical success in interpreting phenomena, but rather an instinctive belief that beneath all the changes of the sensible world there must be something permanent and unchanging.
he had no overcoat, and no place to go, and two dollars and sixty-five cents in his pocket, with the certainty that he could not earn another cent for months.
no hall could have held the audience which thronged to see this performance; no host of matine worshippers could have rivalled it in fervor of appreciation.
looking in at the door, after knocking in vain, i saw her sitting on the hearth in a ragged chair, close before, and lost in the contemplation of, the ashy fire.
at common law it required delivery of a sealed instrument.
and wished, for the first time, that he had some worthy race to run.
her chin, which was what is called a double chin, was so fat that it entirely swallowed up the strings of her bonnet, bow and all.
unless the analysis was accurate, it would be useless or worse.
i was usually at hammersmith about half the week, and when i was at hammersmith i haunted richmond, whereof separately by and by.
we have a wild savage in us, and a savage name is perchance somewhere recorded as ours.
his heart began to pound, but he did not dare to try to signal to them, and neither did elzbieta.
pray dont say that, clara, interposed miss murdstone, angrily.
o, he got worms out of rotten logs since the ground froze, and so he caught them.
six tea, two salt, and a pair of sugars, i have at different times borrowed money on, in secret, with my own hands.
he writes with that intention, and in that hope.
mine is the best seat in the motor, mine the host's arm at the feast, mine the casting vote in any little discussion.
of our being very sociably and simply happy (always in a dream though); and of jips having wedding cake, and its not agreeing with him afterwards.
he was unwilling to let me go; and stood, holding me out, with a hand on each of my shoulders, as he had done in my own room.
you have had sorrow enough, child, said my aunt, affectionately, without the addition of my little miseries.
and lo, the doctor, always our good friend, labouring at his dictionary (somewhere about the letter d), and happy in his home and wife.
no description i could give of her would do justice to my recollection of her, or to her entire deliverance of herself to her anger.
a rough and approximate answer to this question is not very difficult.
it is true that this is partly accounted for by the fact that, as soon as definite knowledge concerning any subject becomes possible, this subject ceases to be called philosophy, and becomes a separate science.
common sense says: we lose our fortune, are sorry and weep; we meet a bear, are frightened and run; we are insulted by a rival, are angry and strike.
possession or juristic possession is a conception of fact and law, existing as a pure relation of fact, independent of legal origin, but protected and maintained by law without regard to interference with personality.
there is a solid satisfaction in making a room, especially for an amateur who hardly expects to undertake room-making as a profession.
chickens should be fed from ten to fourteen days in the coops.
and, dear joe, you have the best wife in the whole world, and she will make you as happy as even you deserve to be, you dear, good, noble joe!
men groaned, and clasped their hands; women shrieked, and turned away their faces.
emma, he returned, that view of the question is, at such a moment, irresistible.
it is undoubtedly the fact, copperfield, said traddles, to whom i looked in surprise.
there are a hundred thousand mothers who are living in misery and squalor, struggling to earn enough to feed their little ones!
they might well be combined with the historical theory, putting a psychological basis in place of the nineteenth-century metaphysical foundation.
these have not been worked out with the same elaboration and systematic detail as those of the past, and as yet one may do no more than sketch them.
in brief, joe thought that if i thought well of it, he thought well of it.
i had been in yarmouth when the seamen said it blew great guns, but i had never known the like of this, or anything approaching to it.
i went on, by finding suddenly that somebody was in the middle of a song.
the motion of the arms to break the shock of falling may also be called reflex, since it occurs too quickly to be deliberately intended.
the employment records i keep in my desk in the deep drawer.
grandmother majauszkiene came to the door herself.
knowledge concerning the future--which is the kind of knowledge that must be sought if we are to know about human destiny--is possible within certain narrow limits.
my mother did not suffer her authority to pass from her without a shadow of protest.
let us see the natives in their aboriginal condition.
labour, i believe, is sometimes difficult to obtain in that portion of our colonial possessions where it will be our lot to combat with the teeming soil.
but little blossom is a very tender little blossom, and the wind must be gentle with her.
but her abiding reliance was on mr. dick.
mr. creakle, looking hard at mr. mell, put his hand on tungays shoulder, and got his feet upon the form close by, and sat upon the desk.
sir, returned mr. wopsle, without having the honor of your acquaintance, i do say guilty.
but, to any mind, i thought, the connection here was clear and straight.
a simple and independent mind does not toil at the bidding of any prince.
i let you come here for a drink, and you just got to go when i say.
my method of learning the game was unprincipled.
this is the sense in which we know sense-data.
herbert had come in, and we held a very serious council by the fire.
if the circle of ekphored engrams is drawn even more widely, abstract pictures of a higher order appear: for instance, a white man or a negro.
the newspapers had got hold of that story, and there had been a scandal; but scully had hired somebody to confess and take all the blame, and then skip the country.
such is to be our life, as that of all our brothers and of the brothers who came before us.
yet it may, at any moment, flash back to the original meaning, and be revivified as a conscious metaphor for the nonce.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
the lamps across his streets had a portentously elastic swing with them.
i thought i could count on you, began jurgis.
a schooner, from spain or portugal, laden with fruit and wine.
i returned, i see you ask me not to speak of tonight--but is there nothing to be done?
there can be no disparity in marriage like unsuitability of mind and purpose.
i have looked at her when it has been such torture to me to think of her shining upon what i had lost, that i have beaten my head against my prison-walls.
any abbreviations that you can surely remember are most useful.
you know i do, and i wonder you dont colour up like fire.
only give agnes my dear love, and tell her that i want very, very, much to see her; and i have nothing left to wish for.
the practice of printing a column or two of reading matter on most of the advertising pages influences the length of articles in many magazines.
this arbitration--although it had caused a decision against us--seemed such a satisfactory way of ending disputes that we continued the practice in an informal way.
the same article must not, however, be sent to more than one magazine, but a single subject may be used for two entirely different articles intended for two magazines.
england and scotland now form one nation, though they did not do so at the time of our civil war.
with respect to wit, i learned that there was not much difference between the half and the whole.
though he had thundered for hours his words would likely have been ineffective.
the same result follows from examining instances.
he has shown that a farm bureau can be made into a county service station and actually become the hub of the county's agricultural activities.
at the same time, it is possible to conduct rudimentary thought by means of images, and it is important, sometimes, to check purely verbal thought by reference to what it means.
i know it, and have heard my father say so.
also he read the newspapers, and asked questions about them.
and the hearer also may only pay attention to the words, and not call up any corresponding picture.
but the belief nevertheless operated, and very soon brought them into conflict with facts which they themselves discovered.
she said, laying her hands, one upon the other, on her left side.
i observed miss spenlow and david copperfield, when they first met; and the impression made upon me then was not agreeable.
philosophy cannot boast of having achieved such a degree of certainty that it can have authority to condemn the facts of experience and the laws of science.
she darted a hopeful glance at me, when i said agnes; but seeing that i looked as usual, she took off her spectacles in despair, and rubbed her nose with them.
of course she did so purposely, and knew that i should treasure it up.
soon after he went back to his cell, a keeper opened the door to let in another prisoner.
we will take the second of these points first.
the wretched man trifled with his glass,took it up, looked at it through the light, put it down,prolonged my misery.
i assume, that is to say, a trained observer, with an analytic attention, knowing the sort of thing to look for, and the sort of thing that will be important.
what i am saying, is what i said when you first overpowered me with surprise--you remember how surprised i was?--by proposing for annie.
i got into the carriage to be taken back to hammersmith, and i got in with a bad heart-ache, and i got out with a worse heart-ache.
as janet curtsied, hoping i was well, i observed my aunts visage lengthen very much.
as we turned to ascend the last flight of stairs between us and the roof, we caught a full view of this figure pausing for a moment, at a door.
after a gloomy silence, the first jacques said, good!
i had liked it once, but once was not now.
and if that doesn't mean good writing i know of no other test.
nor, how i passed and repassed the gate many times before i could make up my mind to ring.
imagine it filled with people from foot-lights to the last row in the topmost gallery--orchestra, dress circle, and balconies--a huge uprising, semicircular bowl, lined with human beings.
and so jurgis got a glimpse of the high-class criminal world of chicago.
littimer was in my room in the morning before i was up, to bring me that reproachful shaving-water, and to put out my clothes.
the inhuman atmosphere of an ordinary criminal court.
they were considered noble for choosing it.
his great strength seemed to sit stronger upon him than ever before, as he did this with his hands hanging loose and heavy at his sides, and with his eyes scowling at me.
here she ceased; and snapping her reticule again, and shutting her mouth, looked as if she might be broken, but could never be bent.
but if there is nothing unforeseen, no invention or creation in the universe, time is useless again.
when, with three babies, the bungalow became a trifle small, we built a little country house and moved farther out.
or that insects, in laying eggs, are concerned for the preservation of their species?
marija felt, so to speak, that she had her hand on the throttle, and the neighborhood was vocal with her rejoicings.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
there could not be fewer than five hundred people, and they were dancing like five thousand demons.
c. for a person who has never thought of such a thing.
real english mutton still exists, i suppose.
are the two statements which follow definitions?
the gates and dikes and banks came bursting at me through the mist, as if they cried as plainly as could be, a boy with somebody elses pork pie!
one may be called the theory of an equivalent.
the distribution of lockport's milk supply, as happens in hundreds of cities, has been attended by considerable waste and expense as a result of duplication of delivery routes, breakage of bottles and uneconomic schedules.
she had become familiar to me, when a gracious god restored my faculties; but, i am quite unable even to say how she had become familiar.
connor was under the doctor's care, the lawyer explained briefly, and if his honor would hold the prisoner for a week--three hundred dollars, said his honor, promptly.
i have therefore forborne to mention them to miss spenlows father; looking severely at him--knowing how little disposition there usually is in such cases, to acknowledge the conscientious discharge of duty.
and your books too, turning his eyes round the room, mounting up, on their shelves, by hundreds!
now, i know im going to break your hearts, but i am forced to leave you.
a non-combatant, he mingles freely with men whose business it is to fight.
have you brought his indentures with you?
the pond had in the mean while skimmed over in the shadiest and shallowest coves, some days or even weeks before the general freezing.
but whatever may be the occupation in which persons have broken down, it is never the occupation alone which has been the cause.
next moment he was gaily singing mr. peggottys song, as we walked at a round pace back to yarmouth.
she said not a word of reproach--she and marija had chosen that course before; she would only plead with him, here by the corpse of his dead wife.
i thank mr. chestle warmly, and shake hands.
she asked again, when this was over, and we were walking on.
i trembled without distinctly knowing why, and still looked at her earnestly, making no attempt to answer.
at last the sun rose, and then my companions seemed to sleep easier.
yes, said carton, pausing again, and answering over his shoulder.
she seemed to have got a great distance away from me, in little more than a year.
would the savage have been wise to exchange his wigwam for a palace on these terms?
when he was a school-usher he spent his earnings in treats for the boys, and the good-natured schoolmaster's wife said justly that she ought to keep mr. goldsmith's money as well as the young gentlemen's.
early next morning we went out together, and at the corner of giltspur street by smithfield, i left herbert to go his way into the city, and took my way to little britain.
the late candle throws its beams a great distance; and its rays make transparent much that seemed massy and important.
all this is familiar, and political philosophy hitherto has been almost entirely based upon desire as the source of human actions.
dont mind it more than you can help, said mr. omer.
ona might have been overcome on the way; or else she might have met with an accident in the machines.
i paid sixpence more for my dinner, which was a meat pie and a turn at a neighbouring pump; and passed the hour which was allowed for that meal, in walking about the streets.
saint antoine slept, the defarges slept: even the vengeance slept with her starved grocer, and the drum was at rest.
i repeated the medicines i had given her, and i sat at the side of the bed until the night was far advanced.
i knew that his horse-guns had no horses (a rule of the japanese service to discourage unnecessary changing of ground), but his men bit the trails and dragged them up by their teeth.
when she came there of an evening, she always shrunk from accepting his escort home, and ran away with me instead.
in a few moments, a man stood in his presence, who, with a keenly observant look at him, addressed him by his name.
i should like to, very much, replied uriah, with a writhe.
the discomfort associated with unsatisfied desire, and the actions which aim at satisfying desire, are, in this view, both of them effects of the desire.
thus must all men live until they are forty.
on the day when i was articled, no festivity took place, beyond my having sandwiches and sherry into the office for the clerks, and going alone to the theatre at night.
it is possible to invent a house still more convenient and luxurious than we have, which yet all would admit that man could not afford to pay for.
but the writing fails, as biography, unless we do remember these things.
afterward he sat down in the water near the bank, and proceeded to scrub himself--soberly and methodically, scouring every inch of him with sand.
and of course he could always have company for the asking--everywhere he went there were men living just as he lived, and whom he was welcome to join.
george married an american girl and went back to france, to write and teach and doctor.
a companion picture sydney, said mr. stryver, on that self-same night, or morning, to his jackal; mix another bowl of punch; i have something to say to you.
and wi verses in his speech, too,and warnt it me as could only say, gentlemen, this man at my side is a most precious rascal?
mr. barkiss wooing, as i remember it, was altogether of a peculiar kind.
it had three masts which, of course, were of far greater importance in making progress toward its destination than was the steam engine.
did thy bright gleam mysterious converse hold with our congenial souls?
i felt it in my sleep, as i suppose we all do feel such things.
we have heard of a society for the diffusion of useful knowledge.
a small sharp-looking lad, half-footboy and half-clerk, who was very much out of breath, but who looked at me as if he defied me to prove it legally, presented himself.
you must introduce both the characteristics of being heavier than air and of having a plane or planes before your definition can stand.
the valve motion is positive and not affected by moisture in compressed air.
without any intrusion of words, you may believe in the correctness of your image.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
the short, rather plump wife of a starved grocer, and the mother of two children withal, this lieutenant had already earned the complimentary name of the vengeance.
the roman doctrine that no one may transfer a greater title than he has is continually giving way before the demand for securing of business transactions had in good faith.
how little appreciation of the beauty of the landscape there is among us!
so i stepped in, said my aunt, and made him an offer.
a girl who understands english, and has been enabled thereby to school herself in factory methods and conditions, doesn't hesitate and blunder; she understands, and does.
said my friend, stopping in his crunching of pie-crust.
i assure you i am in no danger of putting any strained construction on your motives.
i have not been here a week tomorrow, without considering that too, my dear, she returned.
semon's two books, mentioned in an earlier lecture, do not touch knowledge-memory at all closely.
hence, if the ambiguity is not guarded against, we may come to think that whiteness is an 'idea' in the other sense, i.e.
it requires a training such as the athletes underwent, the steady intention almost of the whole life to this object.
though certainly i dont know why you should, said dora, or why you should call it a happiness at all.
as to me, the greatest desire i have, is to forget that i belong to it.
he was a tearful boy, and broke into such deplorable lamentations, when a cessation of our connexion was hinted at, that we were obliged to keep him.
* i am afraid their chief reason for this search has been the wish to feel more certainty than seems otherwise possible as to what is true and what is false.
the language-habit consists not merely in the use of words demonstratively, but also in their use to express narrative or desire.
hence all exposition must begin with an elaborate historical inquiry in which the idea that has been unfolding in the course of judicial decision is revealed and the lines are disclosed along which legal development must move.
hotels, powerhouses, bridges, trams, picture post-cards, sham legends, stalls, booths, rifle-galleries, and side-shows frame them about.
as if i would--or could--be cruel to you, for the world!
mr. peggotty passed on, without a word, and went out at the door.
there was so much to know--so many wonders to be discovered!
a new fear had been engendered in my mind by his narrative; or rather, his narrative had given form and purpose to the fear that was already there.
she had reasons for believing that there was a young sister living, and her greatest desire was, to help that sister.
but you would not be warned, for you thought i did not mean it.
at length i ventured to take his hand, and to entreat him, as well as i could, to endeavour to get some command of himself.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
one chair squeaked with his great weight, and they screamed with fright, and woke the baby and brought everybody running.
my mothers lips moved, as if she answered yes, my dear edward, but she said nothing aloud.
it is far otherwise if he has infringed the rules necessary for the protection of his fellow-creatures, individually or collectively.
i could not enough admire the change he had wrought in the golden cross; or compare the dull forlorn state i had held yesterday, with this mornings comfort and this mornings entertainment.
resignation, not mystic, not detached, but resignation open-eyed, conscious, and informed by love, is the only one of our feelings for which it is impossible to become a sham.
the difficulty of this view is in regard to sensation, where it seems as if we came into direct contact with the outer world.
the newspapers long ago abandoned the night court, clergymen go to it rarely for their texts, and the tango has taken its place.
and nice people they were, who had the audacity to call him mad, pursued my aunt.
you are becky thatcher, and i'm happy to see you.'
he has not received the notice yet, but i know that he will presently be summoned for to-morrow, and removed to the conciergerie; i have timely information.
the kind of respect which they deserve seems to me such as to warrant us in hoping, though not too confidently, that the hard data may prove them to be at least probable.
you may take it in your hand; it's no forgery.
but i thought she was rather so, when she tossed up his two half-crowns like a goblin pieman, caught them, dropped them in her pocket, and gave it a loud slap.
it didnt come to a end there, said mr. barkis, nodding confidentially.
they are not insincere when they say that they believe these things.
the distinction between accuracy and precision is however, not fundamental.
but happening to look up at mrs. pocket as she sat reading her book of dignities after prescribing bed as a sovereign remedy for baby, i thoughtwellno, i wouldnt.
amiable, perhaps, only by painful propulsions and sore vigilance, let him appear the mere inheritor of easy good-nature.
innovation is the salient energy; conservatism the pause on the last movement.
one who has just come from reading perhaps one of the best english books will find how many with whom he can converse about it?
it seemed to me then, and still does, as a model in that form of writing, perfect in lucidity, temperance and good sense.
but here i anticipate a little, for i was not a finch, and could not be, according to the sacred laws of the society, until i came of age.
i got a dreadful start, when i thought i heard the file still going; but it was only a sheep-bell.
once, i opened the yard-gate, and looked into the empty street.
as soon as i could recover myself sufficiently, i hurried out after him and looked for him in the neighboring streets; but he was gone.
mrs. graypers going to have a lot of company.
we have just seen that we can perceive that the resemblance between two shades of green is greater than the resemblance between a shade of red and a shade of green.
said he, making as if he would take aim at me.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
for he had no resources such as most invalids have; all he could do was to lie there and toss about from side to side.
but in november she was in bed by the little grate fire in the family sitting-room.
but as these arguments are largely a reductio ad absurdum of other theories, among which that which i am advocating is not included, i cannot regard them as establishing their contention.
our interest in the lives and the welfare of others finds expression in various ways, ranging from social service and self-sacrificing devotion to gossip and secret confidences.
they turned in a whirl and the movement of their body stopped, as if slashed off, as suddenly as it had started.
in the middle ages it had a sufficient basis in authority and in the needs of a period of strict law.
one great reason why it is felt that we must secure a physical object in addition to the sense-data, is that we want the same object for different people.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
if you think them pretty, say i may always stop, and see you write!
it is under my arm, said miss pross, in smothered tones, you shall not draw it.
the hands are coming in to boiled salt beef and cider and indian bread.
but miss mills, mistrusting the acceptability of her presence to the higher powers, had not yet gone; and we were all benighted in the desert of sahara.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
the bottles are placed on a moving platform, which slowly carries them from the heated end to the cool end.
if the claims of individuality are ever to be asserted, the time is now, while much is still wanting to complete the enforced assimilation.
and quick!--then shrunk into a corner, with one trembling hand before her face, and the other making the former gesture, as if she could not bear a voice.
through me my boy was attaining the full stature of a man; and i, his proud mate, was jealously glad that even his dear dead mother could not have brought that to pass.
yet within that one second it is possible to print, cut, fold and stack sixteen and two-thirds newspapers!
the opinion of those other branches of my family, pursued mrs. micawber, is, that mr. micawber should immediately turn his attention to coals.
say 'your honor,' said the officer, pinching his arm hard.
but if you think as money can make compensation to me for the loss of the little childwhat come to the forgeand ever the best of friends!
think twice, you, micawber, if you dont want to be crushed.
but, alas, it was again the case of the honest merchant, who finds that the genuine and unadulterated article is driven to the wall by the artistic counterfeit.
elementary questions which his biographer after a thousand pages leaves unanswered.
it was not despite but because of that very thing that they opposed the match!
he selects details about the beauty of nature because a reader would prefer to have fine surroundings.
how much of it was based on his personal observations?
my station, masr davy, he returned, aint there no longer; and if ever a boat foundered, since there was darkness on the face of the deep, that ones gone down.
clara clemens, you know, even then was a famous contralto, and ossip gabrilowitsch, whose wife she is now, was 'waiting' on her at the time.
i even entertained some idea of putting myself on a vegetable diet, vaguely conceiving that, in becoming a graminivorous animal, i should sacrifice to dora.
if i had wanted anything by which to mark this night of our re-union, i should have found it in this.
but to tell the truth, i find myself at present somewhat less particular in these respects.
the man breathed hard, three or four times.
when i asked her where the coachman was to drive, she answered, anywhere near golden square!
they brought the transgressor out into the square and they led them to the pyre.
can we not hire some abelard to lecture to us?
that was mr. micawbers expression, provided for.
thus analysis into premisses serves not only a logical purpose, but also the purpose of facilitating an estimate as to the degree of certainty to be attached to this or that derivative belief.
there was but a gaoler left, along with two of the four men who had taken him last night, and barsad.
miss lavinia looked consciously at miss clarissa, and heaved a little sigh.
no less than twelve conceptions of what law is may be distinguished.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
other narrative introductions consist of an anecdote, an incident, or an important event connected with the subject of the article.
sylvester prefers to forget that episode.
we must make this a most express and serious stipulation, not to be broken on any account.
then the hunter came forward and stood in their midst, and the mystery was solved.
and there he remained so long saying, astonishing at intervals, so often, that i began to think his senses were never coming back.
and you and your instruments may make the most of it.
i wondered how i could possibly bear the waiting--the eight long months till may.
while we are talking or reading, we may eat in complete unconsciousness; but we perform the actions of eating just as we should if we were conscious, and they cease when our hunger is appeased.
now you know the beginning, middle, and end, and all about it.
then the successful movement always occurs during the animal's attempts, whereas each of the others, on the average, occurs in only half the attempts.
for their mere occurrence, by itself, would not suggest any connection with anything that had happened before.
mrs. pocket acted on the advice, and inexpertly danced the infant a little in her lap, while the other children played about it.
as we were going through some of the magnificent passages, i inquired of mr. creakle and his friends what were supposed to be the main advantages of this all-governing and universally over-riding system?
they were manifestly thieves, and i had not much respect for them; but the squirrels, though at first shy, went to work as if they were taking what was their own.
there were three ladies in the room and one gentleman.
on an average, the tunneling cost a life a day and several manglings; it was seldom, however, that more than a dozen or two men heard of any one accident.
he did this so that nobody but i saw the file; and when he had done it he wiped the file and put it in a breast-pocket.
in this transition regulation of self-redress and prevention of private war among those who have no strong clan-organizations to control them or respond for them are demanded by the general security.
my dear boy, i hope you are not worn out?
in the long roll of great writers who have reflected the simplicity and severity of sea life, captain bone will take a permanent and honorable place.
am i, grandpapas granddaughter, to be nothing in the house?
the fault-finder will find faults even in paradise.
for in the outline you have the bare fact, succinctly expressed, which enables you to focus your attention upon the thought.
it bewildered me, and under its influence i continued at heart to hate my trade and to be ashamed of home.
the term criticism has actually been so restricted in common practice that unless otherwise noted it is taken for granted as applying to these subjects.
the snow lying deep on the earth dotted with young pines, and the very slope of the hill on which my house is placed, seemed to say, forward!
they seek the foundation of property in an instinct of acquisitiveness, considering it a social development or social institution on that basis.
it came on slowly, like a cloud when there is no wind.
she told me all about you, and how you were, and what you said.
you never saw such a good house, steerforth.
will their wealth be spent for the purpose--will they build colleges and churches to teach you, will they print papers to herald your progress, and organize political parties to guide and carry on the struggle?
the upper half of the first page of the manuscript should be left blank, so that the editor may write a new title and sub-title if he is not satisfied with those supplied by the author.
his recompense for them, however, is hardly to be classed as a tip.
through a girls' club in a factory in the city, she secured a young woman to work for her at factory hours and wages.
we shall meet this idea in various forms throughout the subsequent history of the philosophy of law.
so far all seems easy, but the weight of the ship is still on the blocks, while the cradle is as yet doing practically nothing.
with such huge and lumbering civility the country hands a chair to the city.
many of the phenomena of winter are suggestive of an inexpressible tenderness and fragile delicacy.
mr. micawber, with a random but expressive flourish of his knife, signified that these performances might be expected to take place after he was no more; then resumed his peeling with a desperate air.
it was another half-hour before i drew near to the kiln.
i cannot have the objection to your mentioning it to mr. jorkins, copperfield, if you think it worth while.
sylvester is a porter on the twentieth century limited; and, like roundtree, he is a colored man of far more than ordinary force and character.
i should be very miserable and unhappy if anybody was to go.
this would have been the right kind of cat for me to keep, if i had kept any; for why should not a poets cat be winged as well as his horse?
therefore, until they have been analysed, our present question must remain unanswered i shall return to it at the end of the present course of lectures.
and some of us saw the tears in her eyes.
but they havent got any of the madagascar liquid.
i held her hand to my lips some lingering moments, and so i left her.
the drying road appeals to one as it never does at any other season.
burrs were by no means nibbie's only failing.
when theres hard duty to be done with danger in it, he steps forard afore all his mates.
on everything there was the same air of retirement and cleanliness that marked the house outside.
the sales department is being renamed, and known as the advisory department or the research staff; while the salesman himself becomes a technical counsel or engineering adviser.
this question of realism, let it then be clearly understood, regards not in the least degree the fundamental truth, but only the technical method, of a work of art.
all men resemble each other in certain important respects; hence we want a word which shall be equally applicable to all of them.
but the possibilities of such a method would be very limited.
my love, because its five, and we were to have dined at four.
they are too pure to have a market value; they contain no muck.
when she was called upon to answer she defended herself with an obvious lie or two, while the magistrate looked over her head.
in this chapter we shall briefly consider the kind of way in which such reasoning is attempted, with a view to discovering whether we can hope that it may be valid.
farewell, mr. jack, said the doctor, standing up; on which we all stood up.
and he went all the way home as if upon wings, and burst into the house like a cyclone, to the rage of the numerous lodgers who had just turned in for their daily sleep.
but this would not accord with the way in which the word is commonly used.
it was a needless question, for a new desolation in the desolate house had told me so.
its fingers clutch the fact, and it will not open its eyes to see a better fact.
the theory of natural law was worked out as a means of growth, as a means of making a law of the world on the basis of the old strict law of the roman city.
it is the story of that ebony autocrat who presides so genially and yet so firmly over it.
this describes the table by means of the sense-data.
while civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them.
the secrets of this earth are not for all men to see, but only for those who will seek them.
the consideration of negative propositions and negative facts introduces further complications.
it was dark before we got down, and the journey seemed long and dreary to me, who could see little of it inside, and who could not go outside in my disabled state.
i hold you till one or other of us faints or dies!
missis gummidge, he returned, not being a good scholar, sir, ham kindly drawed it out, and she made a copy on it.
historians' english is not a style; it is an industrial disease.
if a sensible stimulus a calls up an image of b, and we then act with reference to b, we have what may be called consciousness of b.
to touch that passive hand in love and friendship.
it was not, however, in itself a danger signal.
in all inference, form alone is essential: the particular subject-matter is irrelevant except as securing the truth of the premisses.
without evincing any inclination to come in again, he there delivered his valedictory remarks.
she nods towards a mass of dull-green affairs piled on mats or being lifted from big vans.
and then again came ona's scream, smiting him like a blow in the face, making him wince and turn white.
the cycle ends in a condition of quiescence, or of such action as tends only to preserve the status quo.
you have heard something, i des-say, of a change in my expectations, master copperfield,--i should say, mister copperfield?
it is only implied that whatever particular motion i consider, whether it be swift or slow, perpendicular, horizontal, or oblique, or in whatever object, the axiom concerning it holds equally true.
the bird does what it does, at each stage, because it has an impulse to that particular action, not because it perceives that the whole cycle of actions will contribute to the preservation of the species.
as if it were an absolute point of good breeding that it should tumble off again soon.
in the first case, his appearance to other people remains unchanged; in the second, his appearance changes from all places.
you were always in the front rank, and i was always behind.
this event happened previous to the expulsion of the tyrant christiern the second from sweden.
i could not but see how pleased they were with him, and how they seemed to open their hearts to him in a moment.
he explains that this is no sudden change in his opinions.
her breathing was so difficult to trace, that i carefully tried the pulse and the heart.
when we judge that two and two are four, we are not making a judgement about our thoughts, but about all actual or possible couples.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
each morning's work was written out and hung up in the kitchen so that the assistant wasted no time in waiting to know what she had to do.
when you take the liberty of calling me mean or base, or anything of that sort, you are an impudent beggar.
i loved my wife dearly, and i was happy; but the happiness i had vaguely anticipated, once, was not the happiness i enjoyed, and there was always something wanting.
i was took up, took up, took up, to that extent that i reglarly growd up took up.
the sulphur-like pollen of the pitch-pine soon covered the pond and the stones and rotten wood along the shore, so that you could have collected a barrel-ful.
the old wanderlust had got into his blood, the joy of the unbound life, the joy of seeking, of hoping without limit.
i had known the quarter for many years before it interested me.
man is an animal who more than any other can adapt himself to all climates and circumstances.
also he could find a comfortable seat by a fire, and could chat with a companion until he was as warm as toast.
are the young ladies and all the family quite well?
this variety in newspapers is matched by that in magazines.
he had heard of her going to the prison every day.
perhaps a more complete analysis could explain the memory-belief also on lines of association and habit, but the causes of beliefs are obscure, and we cannot investigate them yet.
time will go fast with you, mr. jack maldon, pursued the doctor, and fast with all of us.
o the evening robin, at the end of a new england summer day!
not even does the moon shine every night, but gives place to darkness.
the injury to his chest (which rendered his breathing extremely painful) he thought he had received against the side of the galley.
well, sir, observed mr. chillip, i hope youll excuse me, if i am compelled to ask the favour of your name?
some passing thought of the infamy and disgrace for which it had been reserved, may have struck the prisoner's mind.
at another time, our parcels would come and go, as easily as in business-like old england; but now, everything is stopped.
the porter drew forth a fat roll of bills.
he seemed hurriedly to give them some directions for leaving him more free--or so i judged from the motion of his arm--and was gone as before.
my knowledge of the table is of the kind which we shall call 'knowledge by description'.
they told him stories about the breaking down of men, there in the stockyards of chicago, and of what had happened to them afterward--stories to make your flesh creep, but jurgis would only laugh.
you can't expect to attract people unless you do something for them.
she tried to hold up after that; and many a time, when they told her she was thoughtless and light-hearted, made believe to be so; but it was all a bygone then.
and joe whispered to me, id give a shilling if they had cut and run, pip.
was his answer, which may appeal to some of my hearers.
the other day daisy, a little fox terrier, was one of the patients.
this, too, seemed to the newcomers an economical arrangement; for they did not read the newspapers, and their heads were not full of troublesome thoughts about germs.
but moral considerations are the worst enemies of the scientific spirit and we must dismiss them from our minds if we wish to arrive at truth.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
when he went to it again, emly was nigh him.
this question must not be confused with the further question: does this evidence warrant us in assuming the truth of causal laws in the future and in unobserved portions of the past?
whoever you are, you know my pitiable story, and for heavens sake spare me, if you would be spared yourself!
the word is always concrete and sensible, however abstract its meaning may be, and thus by the help of words we are able to dwell on abstractions in a way which would otherwise be impossible.
has that there little bill of mine been heerd on?
then there is creamed celery, of course, to which i sometimes add a half cup of almonds for variety.
and of course they also serve to show the differentia which make the character an individual, and thus help to complete the definition.
the vitality and persistence of the doctrine against theoretical assault for more than a generation show that it is more than a historical anomaly or a dogmatic blunder.
biddy held one of my hands to her lips, and joes restoring touch was on my shoulder.
charles darnay felt it hopeless to entreat him further, and his pride was touched besides.
habits are formed of going to the box when the arms are full of toys.
the peculiarity of the evidence of mathematical truths is, that all the argument is on one side.
he purchased an interest in a biographer by persuading henry festing jones, a feckless lawyer of butlerian proclivities, to abandon the law and become his musical and literary companion.
nothing is farther from my thoughts than to attribute any degree of artifice to mr. jorkins.
our friend realized vaguely that he was about to be tried.
now, let me see, said madame defarge, pondering again.
it is necessary that we define our hero by determining the class to which he belongs, but such definition brings a great danger, the danger of making a warped interpretation.
after two or three days, or perhaps five or six, if conditions are not altogether favorable, he feels a great longing within him to rise to something higher.
she followed behind him, arguing with him.
her thinness seemed to be the effect of some wasting fire within her, which found a vent in her gaunt eyes.
its off my mind now, peggotty, she told me, when i laid her in her bed that night.
she was going to my rooms to see my aunt.
i said, couldn't you describe the kind of shoe, for monsieur's information?
ive seen my boy, and he can be a gentleman without me.
i am surprised to find him a meeker man than i had thought, and less imposing in appearance.
precisely because the tyranny of opinion is such as to make eccentricity a reproach, it is desirable, in order to break through that tyranny, that people should be eccentric.
after a while, we had so run it down, that we could hear one voice calling murder!
only we felt nothing upon our back any longer.
it was a fine morning, and early, and i thought i would go and take a stroll down one of those wire-arched walks, and indulge my passion by dwelling on her image.
this is the reason why two beliefs which are each other's contradictories have the same objective.
i am quite an infidel about it, and shall never be converted.
before considering inference, therefore, logic must consider those simpler forms which inference presupposes.
and such thought makes us free men; we no longer bow before the inevitable in oriental subjection, but we absorb it, and make it a part of ourselves.
that she would never waver in it, never be diverted from it, never relinquish it, while there was any chance of hope.
he went on, handing me the bread and butter.
that was on the day when you were painting the flowers i had given you, dora, and when i told you how much in love i was.
i passed my evenings with mr. and mrs. micawber, during the remaining term of our residence under the same roof; and i think we became fonder of one another as the time went on.
joe patted the coverlet on my shoulder with his great good hand, and said, in what i thought a husky voice, good night!
her dainty spoor is perhaps too lightly trodden upon earth to be followed by the throng.
since the commencement exercises had been reported in the newspapers, he decided to refer to them only incidentally in his story.
in taking notes from books, people differ greatly.
if its really the same person, said i, glancing towards him, it was at a place called salem house where we were together, and he was an excellent fellow.
jurgis scarcely heard the explanation; he was watching the baby.
may i ask you if you have ever had an opportunity of remarking, down in your part of the country, that the children of not exactly suitable marriages are always most particularly anxious to be married?
to be confronted with such pity, and such earnest youth and beauty, was far more trying to the accused than to be confronted with all the crowd.
but this is more of a personal matter, reaching the man behind the work, and therefore it may be alluded to in a volume which is a personal note in the margin of the public page.
we hear a sound which we believe to be causally connected with the nightingale, and we see a sight which we believe to be causally connected with a nerve.
men in shirt-sleeves and women with babies sat on the steps for a breath of air, and the streets were a noisy welter of children.
the worst will be over in a moment; it is but passing the room-door, and the worst is over.
the office-papers we placed on one side, and the private papers (which were not numerous) on the other.
you shall go soon, said miss havisham, aloud.
the proposed tea-drinkings being quite impracticable, i compounded with miss lavinia for permission to visit every saturday afternoon, without detriment to my privileged sundays.
that i could have been at our old church in my old church-going clothes, on the very last sunday that ever was, seemed a combination of impossibilities, geographical and social, solar and lunar.
it is not the least to the purpose what the reasons of this prohibition are; they may be the strongest and gravest reasons, or they may be mere whim.
the pupils of this novel school are to have amusement as well as work.
he is willing to dispense with elaborate service and its accompanying tip, if he can get more food of better quality.
this was, to lie behind the wall at the back of my old school, in a corner where there used to be a haystack.
mrs. gummidge, no longer moping in her especial corner, was busy preparing breakfast.
mr. lorry took the hesitating little hand that confidingly advanced to take his, and he put it with some ceremony to his lips.
it may be that the time will come when this will be possible, but at present we are very far removed from it.
when it was over, he said, weighing in his hand the purse he had ceased to swing: now, joseph gargery, i warn you this is your last chance.
mrs. whimple, said herbert, when i told him so, is the best of housewives, and i really do not know what my clara would do without her motherly help.
to my amazement she was sobbing on my neck.
bless me, copperfield!--and then entered on the perusal of mrs. micawbers epistle.
we ate the whole of the toast, and drank tea in proportion, and it was delightful to see how warm and greasy we all got after it.
who would not be early to rise, and rise earlier and earlier every successive day of his life, till he became unspeakably healthy, wealthy, and wise?
even as it is-- even as it was, she could not command her voice.
if you doubt it, ask stryver, and he'll tell you so.
jurgis gripped the chair tighter; there were beads of perspiration on his forehead, and his hand shook.
shall i not rejoice also at the abundance of the weeds whose seeds are the granary of the birds?
i formerly saw the raccoon in the woods behind where my house is built, and probably still heard their whinnering at night.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
for it was the custom, as they found, whenever meat was so spoiled that it could not be used for anything else, either to can it or else to chop it up into sausage.
i was obliged to confess--i felt ashamed, even of being at this disadvantage before littimer--that miss mowcher and i were wholly unacquainted.
the latter you must develop in her, if you can.
by courtesy of the publishers, harper & brothers, new york city.
it had stained many hands, too, and many faces, and many naked feet, and many wooden shoes.
in spite of the revolutionary results of modern physics, the empirical successes of the conception of matter show that there must be some legitimate conception which fulfils roughly the same functions.
now, take this paper that doctor manette has carried about him.
a town whose slums, says lee frankel, are the worst in the country.
the recollection of a unique event cannot, so bergson contends, be wholly constituted by habit, and is in fact something radically different from the memory which is habit.
i have seen him but now, on his way to the hotel de ville, a prisoner.
owing to the fact that possession of a common property gives rise to a transitive symmetrical relation, we come to imagine that wherever such a relation occurs it must be due to a common property.
he could make a boat out of anything, from a skewer upwards.
i am always willing to defer to your good sense.
so it is with the bogs and quicksands of society; but he is an old boy that knows it.
his enjoyment of the spectacle i furnished, as he sat with his arms folded on the table, shaking his head at me and hugging himself, had a malignity in it that made me tremble.
the best wish i could give you, mr. copperfield, and give all of you gentlemen, is, that you could be took up and brought here.
mr. pocket was out lecturing; for, he was a most delightful lecturer on domestic economy, and his treatises on the management of children and servants were considered the very best text-books on those themes.
when my sister found that biddy was very quick to understand her, this mysterious sign reappeared on the slate.
there nature has woven a natural selvage, and the eye rises by just gradations from the low shrubs of the shore to the highest trees.
my apprehensions of being disparaged to the object of my engrossing affection were revived when we went into the drawing-room, by the grim and distant aspect of miss murdstone.
another type of common-law liability without fault, the so-called liability of the carrier as an insurer and the liability of the innkeeper, is relational and depends upon a different postulate.
i found you had gone away, no one knew where.
this was done when it was desired to proceed under canvas exclusively and was also a precaution in rough weather.
and may my prayers go up to heaven that twill be a happiness to her, and a comfort, and a honour, all her life!
he who is only a traveller learns things at second-hand and by the halves, and is poor authority.
it would be like owning a harem, one imagines.
the abstract individual will was the central point in the theory of liability.
while going along, the strange gentleman occasionally looked at me, and occasionally bit the side of his finger.
the injury was not one that durham and company could be held responsible for, and so that was all there was to it, so far as the doctor was concerned.
it was remarkable (but perhaps the wretched life he had led accounted for it) that he was the least anxious of any of us.
we spoke of the relation called 'judging' or 'believing' as knitting together into one complex whole the subject and the objects.
the sun is alone, except in thick weather, when there sometimes appear to be two, but one is a mock sun.
in this particular, his influence upon her was equally powerless with mine.
the two brothers crossed the road from a dark corner, and identified me with a single gesture.
his man drove as if he were charging an enemy, and the furious recklessness of the man brought no check into the face, or to the lips, of the master.
the future lies that way to me, and the earth seems more unexhausted and richer on that side.
his own stories, that every night of his life he put himself to sleep with, dealt perpetually with ships, roadside inns, robbers, old sailors, and commercial travellers before the era of steam.
she clung the closer to him, but neither lifted up her face, nor spoke a word.
when i had spoken to biddy, as i thought it not a time for talking i went and sat down near joe, and there began to wonder in what part of the house itshemy sisterwas.
among this good company i should have felt myself, even if i hadnt robbed the pantry, in a false position.
do you break off, she asked then, with her former air of being afraid of me, because you hate me too much to bear to speak to me?
there was no shadowy picture of his footsteps, in the garden that i dreamed of walking in all night.
you look very well, mr. barkis, i said, thinking he would like to know it.
the author will then see the emotional significance of the fight and will add to his purpose the intention to thrill the reader at the magnificent exhibition, on both sides, of devotion to an idea.
he who is figured as gaunt, hardy and aggressive, conquering the desert with the steam locomotive, sings of a pretty little rose in a pretty little garden.
she seemed much older than i, of course, being a girl, and beautiful and self-possessed; and she was as scornful of me as if she had been one-and-twenty, and a queen.
umble we are, umble we have been, umble we shall ever be, said mrs. heep.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
let us take again the case of my being asked what i had for breakfast this morning.
the first time he came, said mr. dick, was--let me see--sixteen hundred and forty-nine was the date of king charless execution.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
all their outcry did them no good, of course.
i wish matthew could have that comfort, but he sets it at defiance.
curious to consider how heedless flies are!--perhaps they thought as much at court that sunny summer day.
the nervous candle-flame shuddered by my bedside.
except that it was damp and dark, it was not an unpleasant job, in summer.
you came so and so, you did such and such things to divert suspicion.
we desire that, too; that he may not by any chance be made her prey again.
its one of the drawbacks of our line of business.
and as a servant he must perfect himself.
i dont think that wise, mind, but its my trust.
all this time, mr. wickfield had his glance upon her as she sat by his own daughters side.
the special feature writer owes it both to himself and to his readers to do the best work of which he is capable.
madam, i said respectfully, i understand.
nor will he breathe it in the common ear, where it may woo misapprehensions, and breed ignorant rebellion.
vere is your friends, dot ought to help you?
ten minutes later the three tables were fully occupied.
when he put his tools aside as useless, until morning, mr. lorry rose and said to him: will you go out?
sounds that he was not afraid of, for he divined their meaning, then began to be audible.
the mental act is undoubtedly mental, but is there any reason to suppose that the thing apprehended is in any sense mental?
by having the breakfast cereal prepared the night before, breakfast could be served promptly at eight, a plan which was necessary in order that the boy get to school on time.
asked miss havisham, with exceeding sharpness.
they had a sinister expression, under an old cocked-hat like a three-cornered spittoon, and over a great muffler for the chin and throat, which descended nearly to the wearer's knees.
there is no more reason why a person who uses a word correctly should be able to tell what it means than there is why a planet which is moving correctly should know kepler's laws.
i felt convinced that if i described miss havishams as my eyes had seen it, i should not be understood.
mr. w. had better have come here, and miss w. too.
whenever, therefore, material can be given a narrative form it is very desirable to do so.
we bought a can of dark-oak stain and gave the floor a coat and this improved matters so much that we stained the wood visible on the door frame and about the window.
it was winter; the night was very dark; the air extraordinary clear and cold, and sweet with the purity of forests.
dont you think he would rather have his favourite old pupil near him, than anybody else?
the mexicans also practised a similar purification at the end of every fifty-two years, in the belief that it was time for the world to come to an end.
webster never goes behind government, and so cannot speak with authority about it.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
i ought to give you a reason for fighting, too.
the crude expectations which we have been considering are all subject to exceptions, and therefore liable to disappoint those who entertain them.
no angel was mary white, but an easy girl to live with, for she never nursed a grouch five minutes in her life.
we have been made quite uneasy by the poor accounts we have had of her state, lately, i do assure you.
what a monster of wickedness, of heartlessness, he had been!
im a going to find my poor niece in her shame, and bring her back.
for the first time do we know how strong our arms are.
there were many days when the total was less than half an hour, and others when there was none at all.
almost at the first word, monsieur defarge started and became deeply attentive.
if any former attempts at solution have been made, he may mention them.
but i'm no more drunk than you are, kittens,' says i to her.
in the first place it led to a juristic theory of formal contract which has affected our ideas ever since.
for this text version these letters have been replaced with transliterations.
on the broad landing between miss havishams own room and that other room in which the long table was laid out, i saw a garden-chair,a light chair on wheels, that you pushed from behind.
ignominy, want, despair, and madness, have, collectively or separately, been the attendants of my career.
i said to miss mills that this was very true, and who should know it better than i, who loved dora with a love that never mortal had experienced yet?
i noticed that these bonds were all portions of a gentleman's dress.
i released her arms, and called the woman to assist me to compose her figure and the dress she had torn.
this is the whole history of my prisons.
but since logic is more than mere inclusion and order and spacing, and deals also with the logic of attitude, the outline is again of service.
'doctor, they are very proud, these nobles; but we common dogs are proud too, sometimes.
drummle laughed outright, and sat laughing in our faces, with his hands in his pockets and his round shoulders raised; plainly signifying that it was quite true, and that he despised us as asses all.
if i stumble as i run, the sensation of falling provokes a movement of the hands towards the direction of the fall, the effect of which is to shield the body from too sudden a shock.
after feeling very hot and uncomfortable for some time, and after a good deal of blushing, stammering, and denying, i said, having my glass in my hand, well!
the american bragged in a nasal whine, the briton patronized in a throaty burble.
a few slight indications of a rather petted and capricious manner, which i observed in the beauty, were manifestly considered, by traddles and his wife, as her birthright and natural endowment.
the editors, in other words, are remembering who their readers are and are trying to meet them with gifts, not with weapons of offense.
get a top of that there seat, and look at the crowd.
certain uniformities are observed in waking life, while dreams seem quite erratic.
she cried, after a pause, and still keeping the same look-out.
assuming now, what must be admitted to be doubtful, that the whole of the past has proceeded according to invariable laws, what can we say as to the nature of these laws?
may you live a thousand years, and never be a worse judge of the right sort than you are at the present moment of your life!
he replied with a small pale smile, is she so, indeed, sir?
such too, to a greater or less extent, is the condition of the operatives of every denomination in england, which is the great workhouse of the world.
i have an admiration for her character, and i may congratulate you, copperfield, on being on the right side.
i had often since seen its crimpled red velvety blossom supported by the stems of other plants without knowing it to be the same.
and so, he said, gaily, we abandon this buccaneer life tomorrow, do we?
and now, touching mr. micawber, said my aunt.
no: furniture is clearly a superstition.
but to be sure of its rapid flight home requires sharp eyes and concentrated watching.
each one of these hogs was a separate creature.
i think mr. murdstones means were straitened at about this time; but it is little to the purpose.
he was inconsolable, beside himself--the priest came and laid his hand upon his shoulder and whispered to him, but he heard not a sound.
now the farmers ask for the blank forms and are themselves as enthusiastic over farm-management records as the men who specialize in such.
i know this must always be a sore subject with the family; let us say no more about it.
we observe cats and dogs acquiring the same second nature.
all the heaps of riches in the wureld would be nowt to me (if they was mine) to buy her back!
looking round as i resumed my seat, i found both the brothers intent upon me.
he was a squeedgie man; his job was to go about all day with a long-handled mop, swabbing up the floor.
when his wife had died, jurgis made for the nearest saloon, but he did not do that now, though he had his week's wages in his pocket.
first of all, she would bring out the immense account-book, and lay it down upon the table, with a deep sigh.
i am sure i never thought i could be sorry to lose you!
here, as we see, the theory of number to which frege was led by purely logical considerations becomes of use in showing how infinite classes can be amenable to number in spite of being incapable of enumeration.
thomas hardy lives in the deepening shadow of the mystery of this unintelligible world.
liability for injury done by child or slave or domestic animal was enforced in a noxal action on the analogy of the action which lay for the same injury if done by the defendant in person.
all things have worked together as they have fallen out.
not only for your own sake, but for annies, and john maldons, and many other peoples.
the american business man had greater opportunities and a freer hand than his european prototype; but he was too beset by more severe, more unscrupulous, and more dangerous competition.
i gave magwitch that caution, said mr. jaggers, looking hard at me; i wrote it to new south wales.
i saw that the dress had been put upon the rounded figure of a young woman, and that the figure upon which it now hung loose had shrunk to skin and bone.
the fellow of no delicacy if sydney carton ever shone anywhere, he certainly never shone in the house of doctor manette.
it is customary to think of points as simple and infinitely small, but geometry in no way demands that we should think of them in this way.
or, if i were to say rather that i listened to the echoes of those thoughts, i should better express the truth.
the calm fervour of her cheerful voice brought back so vividly, first the dear old house itself, and then my solitary home, that my heart was too full for speech.
we are less concerned for the moment with his substance than with his character and manner as scientific controversialist.
but not only was there no constable there, but no discovery had yet been made of the robbery.
beginning to be struck by defarge's manner, mr. lorry looked dubiously at him, and led the way.
so, after all, there was a crack in the fine structure of jurgis' faith in things as they are.
but in that quality, as in every other he possessed, he only seemed to be the more respectable.
doctors who made great fortunes out of dainty remedies for imaginary disorders that never existed, smiled upon their courtly patients in the ante-chambers of monseigneur.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
a score, cried my aunt, with a kind of indignant pride.
but he now reclined on his settle, taking very little notice of me, and talking principally about turnips.
we got aboard easily, and rowed out into the track of the steamer.
you aint poor, you know, charley, as you pretend.
men have remembered their wishes, and have judged philosophies in relation to their wishes.
all this time, her daughter annie never once spoke, or lifted up her eyes.
nor could i help thinking this a prudent course, since she looked at me out of the pickle-jar, with as great an access of sourness as if her black eyes had absorbed its contents.
in the strict sense, it is not whiteness that is in our mind, but the act of thinking of whiteness.
the fashion of his dress could no more come in its way when he spoke these words than it could come in its way in heaven.
is consciousness a permanent part of the universe, giving hope of indefinite growth in wisdom, or is it a transitory accident on a small planet on which life must ultimately become impossible?
thus there certainly can be something beyond the whole of an unending series.
it must be something specially connected with that star, since that star produces its own special effect upon the plate.
who and where is the false conspirator who says that i denounce the husband of my child!
she has gone to her brothers marriage, and will be away at least three weeks.
orlick, with his hands in his pockets, slouched heavily at my side.
she gave me the idea of some fierce thing, that was dragging the length of its chain to and fro upon a beaten track, and wearing its heart out.
could you, in such a case, tell surely of any company of civilized men, which belonged to the most respected class?
from these he selects the material best adapted to his publication.
he had been working far off in the river meadows all day, and had improved the first moments that he could call his own to visit the home of his fathers and his youth.
glad when the best years of our lives together were passed!
agricultural states and industrial states alike divide along these doctrinal lines.
it had been established voluntarily some time ago, among the more thorough patriots; but, was now law for everybody.
thus it was that we parted without explanation: she waving her hand and smiling farewell from the coach window; her evil genius writhing on the roof, as if he had her in his clutches and triumphed.
most serious advances in philosophic thought result from some such comparatively direct contemplation of facts.
other relations are symmetrical without being transitive--for example, difference in any respect.
the other day even m. daudet was to be heard babbling of audible colours and visible sounds.
one has peeled a willow wand, woven it into a ring, and dropped it on my table.
to understand how constant is this preoccupation of good writers, even where its results are least obtrusive, it is only necessary to turn to the bad.
and the fact is, my dear mr. copperfield, that we can not live without something widely different from existing circumstances shortly turning up.
criterion orchards were selected in each zone.
mrs. b. has a better apartment and saves money every month besides!
it would seem almost as if there were a different magazine for every few hundred and seven-tenth person, as the statistics put these matters.
she had so far improved me, for the time, that though i was angry with her, i felt ashamed, and with a short goori!
how, then, are we to find any way of comparing the present image and the past sensation?
i shall esteem it an honour to be presented.
some of these were bulging dangerously, yet men worked before them, wearing blue glasses when they opened and shut the doors.
i am sure, my poor mother went on, at a grievous disadvantage, and with many tears, i dont want anybody to go.
all these things he pictured in his books, and because he was a man of genius he forced the world to hear him.
we loved it best when the sound of the band had died away and the only music was the steady throb of those friendly boots upon our london streets.
every increase of cost is a prohibition, to those whose means do not come up to the augmented price; and to those who do, it is a penalty laid on them for gratifying a particular taste.
i have no doubt that time discriminates between the good and the bad; and when at last i shall plant, i shall be less likely to be disappointed.
not to mention bearers, all the money that could be spared were wanted for my mother.
in the midst of my distress, i had no notion of going back.
not only should he be quick to recognize a good subject; he must be able to see the attractive and significant aspects of it.
the problem is: by what principles shall we select certain data from the chaos, and call them all appearances of the same thing?
the other wood-wind instruments follow the flutes, so as to keep the wood-choir together.
cried my mother, laughing and covering her face.
this is for people who know about dogs, in particular little mongrels without pedigree or market value.
it is something like those american photographs which seek to display what is general about a type by combining a great number of photographs of different heads over each other on one plate.
it was mr. murdstones hand, and he kept it on my arm as he said: whats this?
they knew that one word, chicago and that was all they needed to know, at least, until they reached the city.
mr. copperfield and dora, said miss mills, with an almost venerable air.
these wonderful machines have now reached the double-octuple stage--monsters capable of turning out no less than five thousand eight-page newspapers in a single minute, or three hundred thousand in an hour.
the ridges thrown to this side and to that, now crumble in and close behind the last plough as it passes on, for all are following to the guillotine.
then a blow of pain struck us, our first and our only.
here all the words are abstract except 'german'.
for gracious sake say something else besides 'indeed,' or you'll fidget me to death, said miss pross: whose character (dissociated from stature) was shortness.
he replaces them all by faint sensations, and especially by pronunciation of words sotto voce.
every clear day gawaine rose at dawn and went out to kill dragons.
yielding to his own disturbance of mind, and to his young companion's agitation, which became greater every instant, mr. jarvis lorry twice stopped to rest.
i desire to speak impartially on this point, and as one not interested in the success or failure of the present economical and social arrangements.
we basely replied that we rather thought we had noticed such a man.
the older people have dances from home, strange and complicated steps which they execute with grave solemnity.
the letter was reluctantly produced; and as i handed it to the old lady, i saw how the unwilling hand from which i took it, trembled.
when dora hung her head and cried, and trembled, my eloquence increased so much the more.
theyre wittles and drink to me--lodging, wife, and children--reading, writing, and arithmetic--snuff, tobacker, and sleep.
clearly, big things were in the air, about to happen.
when the natural-law foundation of enforcing promises crumbled, the metaphysical jurists sought to provide a new one.
every pulse and heart in saint antoine was on high-fever strain and at high-fever heat.
all simultaneously generated engrams are associated; there is also association of successively aroused engrams, though this is reducible to simultaneous association.
i was happy, said mr. lorry, to be entrusted with the charge.
the sort of memory with which we are here concerned is the sort which is a form of knowledge.
mr. lorry reddened, and said, warmly, you have mentioned that before, sir.
i say when i rendered it; i am speaking of the past.
god is alone,but the devil, he is far from being alone; he sees a great deal of company; he is legion.
there is no place or time where we can find the relation 'north of'.
this was all, and yet he seemed to me to say as plainly as a man could say: you are very young, sir; you are exceedingly young.
this is the question upon which our attitude must turn towards what may be called materialism.
the west is preparing to add its fables to those of the east.
the gentleman i speak of is one mr. matthew pocket.
this proposition is absolutely general: it applies to all things and all properties.
then, and not sooner, i became aware of a strange gentleman leaning over the back of the settle opposite me, looking on.
in clarifying his purpose by such tests, he will decide not only what kind of information he desires to impart, but what material he must select, and from what point of view he should present it.
we will resume this inquiry by taking up again the question of testimony and the evidence for the existence of other minds.
no--no, growled mr. barkis, reflecting about it.
there were four days that the ashland avenue cars were stalled, and in those days, for the first time in his life, jurgis knew what it was to be really opposed.
finally, he was led before the bar, and a lawyer for the company appeared against him.
well, i dont mind telling you, putting his fish-like hand on mine, im not a ladys man in general, sir, and i never was, with mrs. strong.
my wife, said defarge aloud, addressing madame defarge: i have travelled certain leagues with this good mender of roads, called jacques.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
george, in france, by this time had dropped medicine.
the looks of all of them were dark, repressed, and revengeful, as they listened to the countryman's story; the manner of all of them, while it was secret, was authoritative too.
in a word, madame defarge went on, my husband has not my reason for pursuing this family to annihilation, and i have not his reason for regarding this doctor with any sensibility.
it was i and fire that lived there; and commonly my housekeeper proved trustworthy.
i wish i had died then, with that feeling in my heart!
i therefore pleaded another engagement; and observing that mrs. micawbers spirits were immediately lightened, i resisted all persuasion to forego it.
it will be observed that the relation of judging has what is called a 'sense' or 'direction'.
the house kept itself, and we kept a page.
so, in our instance, the laws of macroscopic phenomena are different for mechanical and vital movements, though the laws of microscopic phenomena may be the same.
this seems to imply that they regarded matter as consisting of atoms with empty space in between.
my gifted townsman stood gloomily apart, with folded arms, and i could have wished that his curls and forehead had been more probable.
except on the crown, which was raggedly bald, he had stiff, black hair, standing jaggedly all over it, and growing down hill almost to his broad, blunt nose.
i lay down the book and go to my well for water, and lo!
immediate memory is important both because it provides experience of succession, and because it bridges the gulf between sensations and the images which are their copies.
the head monkey at paris puts on a travellers cap, and all the monkeys in america do the same.
after several relapses into business-absorption, mr. lorry had become the doctor's friend, and the quiet street-corner was the sunny part of his life.
he loosens the handles and even the fastening of the blade.
when you miss what i should like to be, and i think can never be, say, still my foolish child-wife loves me!
data are not those things of which our consciousness is earliest in time.
opponents of introspection do not mean to deny the obvious fact that we can observe bodily sensations which others cannot observe.
under such circumstances, answered traddles, yes.
to which the superintendent replied that he might safely trust durham's for that--they proposed to teach these unions a lesson, and most of all those foremen who had gone back on them.
pass that torch slowly along these walls, that i may see them, said defarge to the turnkey.
it had no effect upon the cries; no pendulum could be more regular.
the ship was clearing fast of strangers.
this really is a very bad side of human nature!
lucky for you then, handel, said herbert, that you are picked out for her and allotted to her.
grown men like to imagine themselves more rational than children and dogs, and unconsciously conceal from themselves how great a part impulse plays in their lives.
he is blessed who is assured that the animal is dying out in him day by day, and the divine being established.
well aged parent, said wemmick, shaking hands with him in a cordial and jocose way, how am you?
i didnt do anything in particular, said traddles.
in all comparisons that rise in the heart, the river, with its multitudinous waves and its single current, likens itself to a life, whether of an individual or of a community.
a table viewed from one place presents a different appearance from that which it presents from another place.
at first it was a heavy sense of loss and sorrow, wherein i could distinguish little else.
our purpose of securing that hill makes these things necessary.
i said to herbert, meanwhile, that even if provis were recognized and taken, in spite of himself, i should be wretched as the cause, however innocently.
but that is exactly what we are doing, whether we praise or blame, accept or reject, so long as we base our opinion on sincere personal or sound principles, we criticize.
so long ago, so far away it was, that i had first evoked the faces and the mutual tragic situation of the men of durrisdeer.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
she is a very superior woman indeed, but the damp country is not adapted to her constitution, and--in fact, she has lost the use of her limbs.
it was midnight before i took him round to essex street, and saw him safely in at his own dark door.
we passed the night at the old house, which, freed from the presence of the heeps, seemed purged of a disease; and i lay in my old room, like a shipwrecked wanderer come home.
they had departed, in a boat, as early as five oclock.
i would drink deeper; fish in the sky, whose bottom is pebbly with stars.
could the explanation have been made as well without this list?
some would find fault with the morning-red, if they ever got up early enough.
the confidence is not of my seeking, recollect.
i went up the next by-street, took off my waistcoat, rolled it neatly under my arm, and came back to the shop door.
use your resourcefulness here, as you did in the card catalogue, and do not give up.
other things were no part of his or of anyone's household.
most men i do not meet at all, for they seem not to have time; they are busy about their beans.
the part played by desire has always been sufficiently recognized.
when i go into the office, i leave the castle behind me, and when i come into the castle, i leave the office behind me.
i therefore resolved to put myself in his way next evening, as he came home from his work.
whenever one thing which we believe is used to prove something else, which we consequently believe, this principle is relevant.
returned the little woman, standing up, and holding out her arms to show herself.
well, pip, said he, i must call you mr. pip to-day.
we went into the drawing-room with her, and sat down by the darkening window.
the tinder was damp,no wonder there,and one after another the sparks died out.
said mr. cruncher, ruminating, with his mind much disturbed; wot's come to her?
he did not really search for him until back bay was passed and the train was on the first leg of its journey, with the next stop at providence.
half the number were looking for summer positions.
it was a very dark night when it was all over, and when i set out with mr. wopsle on the walk home.
pick up that, philosopher and vendor of wine, said the marquis, throwing him another gold coin, and spend it as you will.
what are you doing that you have to lie to me?
how much this accident meant to jurgis he realized only by stages; for he found that the harvester works were the sort of place to which philanthropists and reformers pointed with pride.
aids in gaining clearness clearness then, through centralization, is the all-important necessity of expositions of this type.
the handsome lady--so like, oh so like!--regarded me with a fixed look, and put her hand to her forehead.
no, i said, i dont think-- in breeches and gaiters, broad-brimmed hat, grey coat, speckled choker, said the waiter.
she learned her lesson this time, poor creature; she learned it ten times over.
the true use of the much-praised lucius cary, viscount falkland, has hardly been apprehended: he is simply the patron saint of indiffrents.
i shall lead my naughty boy such a life, if he dont make you go.
these midnight hours were fateful ones to jurgis; in them was the beginning of his rebellion, of his outlawry and his unbelief.
he had a hammer in his hand, and his mouth was full of little nails, which he was obliged to take out before he could speak.
i thought of steerforth: and a foolish, fearful fancy came upon me of his being near at hand, and liable to be met at any turn.
i understand equally well, that a word from her father in any suitor's favour, would outweigh herself and all the world.
from his interview with the head of the firm, and from a formal statement of the purpose of the school printed on the commencement program, he obtained the reasons why the school had been established.
you have seen them labor day in and day out, from early morning until late at night; and have observed with sorrow the small fruits of their many years of toil.
it is insisted on that all patients physically capable shall find employment as a therapeutic measure.
before i could answer (if i could have answered so difficult a question at all) she repeated, love her, love her, love her!
tappet valve drills were the earliest design made for regular work, and are now the only type really suitable for work with steam, as the condensation of the steam interferes with other valve actions.
my dear copperfield, returned traddles, she is, without any exception, the dearest girl!
(... and my trivial story of his humoring a forward child weighs but as a feather in the recorded scale of his benevolence.)
he had relinquished his legal suit of black for the purposes of this excursion, and wore the old surtout and tights, but not quite with the old air.
this sounds like a confession of personal failure due to the typical unpreparedness for marriage of the modern american girl.
he would do nothing to make it a desperate venture, and he had very little fear of his safety with such good help.
i need no warrant for being, and no word of sanction upon my being.
but you can both be as you was, and wot i say to you is, be as you was with her, like a man.
i took back captain hopkinss knife and fork early in the afternoon, and went home to comfort mrs. micawber with an account of my visit.
the newspapers ridicule the authors, the churches defend the criminals, and the government--does nothing.
and we cannot deny that there are fractions, so that two of the above ways of escape are closed to us.
the people i really admired, like my uncle solomon, and cousin rachel, were those who preached the least and laughed the most.
he regretted that charles was not there; was more than half disposed to object to the loving little plot that kept him away; and drank to him affectionately.
modern improvements have altered the place; but it was the last house at the bottom of a narrow street, curving down hill to the river, with some stairs at the end, where people took boat.
all that makes existence valuable to any one, depends on the enforcement of restraints upon the actions of other people.
miss dartle, said i, if you can be so obdurate as not to feel for this afflicted mother-- who feels for me?
elzbieta was sick a good deal now, and the boys were wild and unruly, and very much the worse for their life upon the streets.
she said, however, that the cognac was flattered, and took up her knitting.
there, said solomon, making a dab at miss pross's lips with his own.
the terms united by the relation may be themselves complex, or may be simple, but the whole which results from their being united must be complex.
are we proud of this thread of metal, or of our hands which made it, or is there a line to divide these two?
said mr. cruncher, more and more disturbed.
now, mr. pip, you know, said wemmick, you and i understand one another.
estella was the next to break the silence that ensued between us.
if you will keep the bird off feed for twenty-four hours you will find that it will draw much more easily and cleanly.
he now sat down again very much out of breath, gasping at his pipe as if it contained a supply of that necessary, without which he must perish.
thus no knowledge as to the past is to be derived from the feeling of familiarity alone.
the things we see in dreams when our eyes are shut must count as images, yet while we are dreaming they seem like sensations.
for, upon the blue of the sky below us, we saw our own face for the first time.
i sat down again, and said: i am not blaming you, dora.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
after a prolonged absence at this stage of the entertainment, he at length came back with a casket of precious appearance containing twigs.
i could not help thinking, several times in the course of the evening, and particularly when i walked home at night, what delightful company she would be in buckingham street.
i only want you to do well, and to be comfortable.
though he lived through the seven years war and the french revolution, he never interrupted his teaching of philosophy at knigsberg in east prussia.
orlick sometimes growled, beat it out, beat it out,old clem!
pip has earned a premium here, she said, and here it is.
there are still a few trifles that we could part with.
such that the opposite would be self-contradictory, and secondly, for having made evident the philosophical importance of the theory of knowledge.
according to our temperaments, we shall prefer the contemplation of the one or of the other.
i feel that if i looked at him any longer, i might be tempted to say something out loud; and what would become of me then!
the syndicates that supply newspapers with various kinds of material, including special feature stories, are operated on the same principle that governs the syndicating of articles by the writer himself.
very strange to see what a struggle there was within him!
there are some who complain most energetically and inconsolably of any, because they are, as they say, doing their duty.
at length the sun rose so high that it struck a kindly ray as of hope or protection, directly down upon the old prisoner's head.
i then thanked him heartily; and said, with a consciousness of reddening, that i supposed little emly was altered too, since we used to pick up shells and pebbles on the beach?
i have unusual business to transact with you, and i commence by explaining that it is not of my originating.
if i thrust my image into the world of physics, it contradicts all the usual physical laws.
thus, so far as logic is concerned, we are entirely free to adopt any theory as to general ideas which empirical observation may recommend.
this means that the blow struck by the piston is retarded to a corresponding degree, and in some cases the valve tends to wear its seat into an irregular surface.
it would be blame to me and not praise, if i had.
they were all by that time choking the hall of examination where this old man, ugly and wicked, was, and overflowing into the adjacent open space and streets.
i laid it there, and he smiled again, and put both his hands upon it.
the depravity of the human heart is such-- you will oblige me, maam, interrupted mr. spenlow, by confining yourself to facts.
they all had to go, even little stanislovas, who was ill from overindulgence in sausages and sarsaparilla.
i turned over on my face, i recollect, to hide my trembling lip, which answered her with greater truth.
whenever this notice appears in the help wanted column of a city newspaper, fifty to one hundred answers are received in the first twenty-four hours!
butler himself construed the words as an overture to which he was indisposed to respond.
just a moment, said jurgis, checking his enthusiasm.
the earthquake view of international relations does away at once with all questions of law and justice and humanity, and puts everything frankly on the basis of armor and guns.
my address, said mr. micawber, is windsor terrace, city road.
in relation to others, he shows what passes for animation and enthusiasm; for at all times his character is founded on control of these qualities, not on the absence of them.
mr. mell, said mr. creakle, shaking him by the arm; and his whisper was so audible now, that tungay felt it unnecessary to repeat his words; you have not forgotten yourself, i hope?
the rooms were whitewashed once a month; and this one, at least, was the whitest, most simply furnished, and probably the neatest apartment in town.
but you are lost, monsieur charles, i see.
they had gone over to boston for a week-end, had separated momentarily at its end, to meet at the last of the afternoon trains for gotham.
would eighteenpence be?--i hinted, after some hesitation.
in that universe, we had a number of perspectives, two of which never had any entity in common, but often contained entities which could be sufficiently correlated to be regarded as belonging to the same thing.
never was anything like our world's fair in the history of men--never!
nor did it prevent his dismissing the skeptical dr. furnivall, after a discussion at an a.
its incision is so keen that the reader is often unaware the razor edge has turned against himself until he perceives the wound to be fatal.
mr. wopsle, indeed, wildly cried out, no!
the standard gaoler-joke was, come out and listen to the evening paper, you inside there!
i am not afraid of the truth, if any one could tell it me, but i am afraid of parts of it impertinently uttered.
added to that, he had a blockhead confidence in his money and in his family greatness, which sometimes did him good service,almost taking the place of concentration and determined purpose.
the whole lot contains eleven acres, mostly growing up to pines and hickories, and was sold the preceding season for eight dollars and eight cents an acre.
arithmetic and show them how to make change by means of addition, subtraction, and division.
in passing from the perception to the judgement, it is necessary to analyse the given complex fact: we have to separate out 'the sun' and 'shining' as constituents of the fact.
as i walked in the woods to see the birds and squirrels, so i walked in the village to see the men and boys; instead of the wind among the pines i heard the carts rattle.
do you know it was some time before i recovered the conduct of that alarming lady, on the night of your birth, mr. copperfield?
and lastly, there is the systematisation of all this knowledge of particulars by means of physical science, which derives immense persuasive force from its astonishing power of foretelling the future.
the process of making a trial balance sheet.
not exactly relishing this, i said, never mind me, joe.
he must have a piece of flannel in his house this winter, and i shouldnt wonder if he came out quite fresh again, with the flowers in the spring.
he was but a poor man himself, said peggotty, but as good as gold and as true as steel--those were her similes.
i am inclined to think that it consists merely in the knowledge that no one individual is represented, so that what distinguishes a general idea from a vague idea is merely the presence of a certain accompanying belief.
all over the country, people are responding to the call, and are buying farms and moving upon them.
but just as we sat down, before sergeant reilly began his task of dishing out the potatoes and starting the bottles on their way, madame stopped her chattering and looked at solange.
in a little while we had shut the door of the dark and empty sluice-house, and were passing through the quarry on our way back.
here mr. wopsle was divesting himself of his danish garments, and here there was just room for us to look at him over one anothers shoulders, by keeping the packing-case door, or lid, wide open.
and now, sitting here in our tunnel, we wonder about these words.
it would have been quite intolerable, staying in a cell with this wild beast, but for the fact that all day long the prisoners were put at work breaking stone.
the second caution, which is corollary with the first, is that you do not substitute for the gaps in the written information the silent knowledge that is in your own mind.
there is a lady, certainly, at mrs. steerforths house, who is very clever, and whom i like to talk to--miss dartle--but i dont adore her.
she vanished like a discontented fairy; or like one of those supernatural beings, whom it was popularly supposed i was entitled to see; and never came back any more.
in america, at least, the objective theory of contract is orthodox and the leader of english analytical jurists of the present generation has expounded it zealously.
by your art, of course, said steerforth.
old orlick knowed you was burnt, old orlick knowed you was smuggling your uncle provis away, old orlicks a match for you and knowd youd come to-night!
maam, returned mr. micawber, with a bow, you are very obliging: and what are you doing, copperfield?
i shall not give them any notice that we are here, you know, said i, delighted.
like the newspaper reporter, the writer of special articles must be able to recognize what at a given moment will interest the average reader.
mr. micawber had a few books on a little chiffonier, which he called the library; and those went first.
here on this mountain, i and my sons and my chosen friends shall build our new land and our fort.
i suppose there was a time once when my father had not given matters up; but if ever there was, the time is gone.
mrs. b. decided to put her household on the new business basis last fall.
kant, who had been educated in the rationalist tradition, was much perturbed by hume's scepticism, and endeavoured to find an answer to it.
he is such an incarnate hypocrite, that whatever object he pursues, he must pursue crookedly.
it was quite as cadaverous as it had looked in the window, though in the grain of it there was that tinge of red which is sometimes to be observed in the skins of red-haired people.
to show how they increase the opportunities of the small buyers.
said i. mrs. joe, who always took explanations upon herself, said, snappishly, escaped.
these rats were nuisances, and the packers would put poisoned bread out for them; they would die, and then rats, bread, and meat would go into the hoppers together.
they persisted in changing colour sometimes, and they would be occasionally dilated and contracted by something like a faint pulsation; then, they gave a look of treachery, and cruelty, to the whole countenance.
he came faithfully, and he brought me the two one-pound notes.
in short, i was always full of fears for the rash man who was in hiding.
the doctor, in a low voice, asked, of how long duration?
i shudder at this moment with the tremendous sensation of seeing it done, and feeling that the ball has bounded on to mr. creakles sacred head.
let every land have joy of its poet; for the poet is the land itself, all its greatness and its sweetness, all that incommunicable heritage for which men live and die.
but then, with a sudden rush, his fear gave place to rage.
miss havisham gives you to him, as the greatest slight and injury that could be done to the many far better men who admire you, and to the few who truly love you.
i see quite clearly that all good things must come to an end.
he was so peaceful and resigned--clearly had his affairs in such perfect train, and so systematically wound up--that he was a man to feel touched in the contemplation of.
really, is bad enough, returned miss pross, but better.
i see in your face that you know i can do nothing else than this.
since the reader's interest will be roused the more quickly if he is given tangible, concrete details that he can grasp, the examples are usually put first, to be followed by the more general explanation.
and, oh, indeed, master copperfield, i should think you would, certainly!
miss mills accepted this trust, too; but was not sanguine.
perhaps the eldest miss larkins may be about thirty.
you have my certificate in your hand with the rest, you know, and will reserve my place.
because of their importance we like to read about them.
there was an earnest womanly compassion for me in her new affection.
and will continue friends apart, said estella.
a cynical or flippant treatment of serious subjects gives many readers a false and distorted view of life.
well then, this man i spoke of offered to help me, and he went to get his scythe.
i liked it for a few moments, but she flattered me so very grossly that the pleasure was soon over.
what is left for the inquirer to do is merely to distinguish ragtime from other kinds of music--after all, a rather simple task.
he had some reason for thinking of his dress, for he was making about eleven dollars a week, and two-thirds of it he might spend upon his pleasures without ever touching his savings.
mr. copperfield, miss crewler--miss sarah--miss louisa--margaret and lucy!
in virtue of this property, given any infinite collection of objects, any finite number of objects can be added or taken away without increasing or diminishing the number of the collection.
jurgis summoned up his courage and went in, and down a hallway, and to the door of a room where many people were crowded.
all of these things were printed in many languages, as were also the names of the resorts, which were infinite in their variety and appeal.
i am glad that the partridge gets fed, at any rate.
absolute princes, or others who are accustomed to unlimited deference, usually feel this complete confidence in their own opinions on nearly all subjects.
and there is ground to think most men will acknowledge themselves to be in my case.
what he did on those occasions was to turn up his cuffs, stick up his hair, and give us mark antonys oration over the body of caesar.
but the farmer is armed with plow and spade.
she held so tight to him, in fact, that the officers were obliged to take em both together.
it is the excess-fare trains, the highest-priced carriers--which charge you a premium of a dollar for every hour they save in placing you in the terminal--that are the crowded trains.
but obviously the relation of your belief to the fact is different in this case from what it is in the case when to-day is tuesday.
still, in the same moment, i saw the prisoner start up, lean across his captor, and pull the cloak from the neck of the shrinking sitter in the galley.
its because i thought it better for you.
in knowledge of the past there are complications, which we must briefly examine.
but he had these peculiarities: and at first they frightened me, though i soon got used to them.
if i understand, said the doctor, in a subdued tone, some mental shock--?
the captain assures me that the weather in general was extremely unfavorable, or he would have made a much shorter passage; besides that, he was five days delayed in the channel for want of coal.
he had been that all his life--he had fought the railroads in kansas for fifty years, a granger, a farmers' alliance man, a middle-of-the-road populist.
the manufacturers have learned that this taste is merely whimsical.
in some such innermost asylum the right sort of dare-devil sits smiling, while men rage or weep.
you might treble that, and say a hundred and fifty, yet not be far from the truth.
the abstract idea of ownership is not the only thing the legal philosopher has to consider.
what images are, and how they are to be defined, we have now to inquire.
i am sure i shall be very happy to show london to you.
naturally, therefore, a funeral with this uncommon attendance excited him greatly, and he asked of the first man who ran against him: what is it, brother?
i said, now, annie, tell me the truth this moment; is your heart free?
in the first place she was developing a cough, like the one that had killed old dede antanas.
it was really calculated to break his spirit, he said afterwards.
for a sentimental frippery may be given a feminine name and may bear her years gracefully--even though she does creak in all her hundred joints when the track is the least bit uneven.
far be it from us, in the present comparatively imperfect state of the resources of our establishment, to endeavour to follow our distinguished townsman through the smoothly-flowing periods of his polished and highly-ornate address!
the chief value of illustrations for special articles lies in the fact that they present graphically what would require hundreds of words to describe.
thus a relation is symmetrical if, whenever it holds between a and b, it also holds between b and a.
why, if i was a fortune-teller looking out of the towel, he caught my eye.
thank god, i can sit and i can stand without the aid of a furniture warehouse.
my aunt and i had held many grave deliberations on the calling to which i should be devoted.
go on, my dear sir, in your eagle course!
a hackney-coach was called, and the father and daughter departed in it.
if the enterprise were as heroic and commanding as it is protracted and unwearied!
i am never contented, except with your freshness, my gentle daisy.
with the voice of the little child who toils tonight in a southern cotton mill, staggering with exhaustion, numb with agony, and knowing no hope but the grave!
well, was harper's reply, i'm not sure, but i'll try and get you off for that.
the selection from the essay which appears here is taken from the middle.
she stood, like a spirit, beside him, and he bent over his work.
i have drunk it in yorkshire at the foot of roseberry topping, out of big stone bottles like champagne magnums.
it was singular to see how the mother still held to the old trick, when the son had abandoned it as useless.
something clicked in his throat as if he had works in him like a clock, and was going to strike.
this compilation contains twenty-two complete selections of various types of narrative composition.
as to the conversation at breakfast, i can recall some of it easily, some with an effort, some only with a large element of doubt, and some not at all.
being, at last, ready to leave the office for the night, he asked me if it would suit my convenience to have the light put out; and on my answering yes, instantly extinguished it.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
while i described the disaster, mr. jaggers stood, according to his wont, before the fire.
these, however, were all slight matters to a man who had escaped from durham's fertilizer mill.
so ended my last attempt to make any change in dora.
i could speak no more at that time, but i wrung his hand; and if ever i have loved and honoured any man, i loved and honoured that man in my soul.
law is the traditional or recorded body of precepts in which that custom is preserved and expressed.
ive been a sheep-farmer, stock-breeder, other trades besides, away in the new world, said he; many a thousand mile of stormy water off from this.
many a newspaper and magazine article leaves a confused, hazy impression on the minds of readers because the writer failed to have a definite objective.
it is the way that arose naturally out of our present topic.
but mr. and mrs. micawber were so used to their old difficulties, i think, that they felt quite shipwrecked when they came to consider that they were released from them.
my aunt being resolute, i went out and got the ale myself.
and i have received one from mrs. micawber!
mechanics and tradesmen who come in person to the forest on no other errand, are sure to attend the wood auction, and even pay a high price for the privilege of gleaning after the woodchopper.
the decorations began on his chest and ran all the way down to his abdomen.
madame defarge had not moved from the spot where she stood when miss pross first became aware of her; but, she now advanced one step.
controversial cases of liability without fault involve the third postulate.
on my way through the hall, i encountered her little dog, who was called jip--short for gipsy.
it wont lower your opinion of mr. jaggerss powers.
i do not mean that the law should interfere as of course in every human relation and in every situation where some one chances to think a social want may be satisfied thereby.
i was about to make a second stand, when again there came a stealthy tap at the door, and the whispering of slippered feet.
joe had been at the three jolly bargemen, smoking his pipe, from a quarter after eight oclock to a quarter before ten.
i shall omit this line of argument, which i have developed elsewhere.
immortally safe, sir, returned uriah, writhing in the direction of the voice.
madam, he replied, mrs. micawber and myself are deeply sensible of the very considerate kindness of our friends and patrons.
herbert assented to all this, and we went out immediately after breakfast to pursue our investigations.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
most of the stone a nation hammers goes toward its tomb only.
out of it, in due time, there developed, quite naturally, a dramatic club.
her death resulted not from a fall, but from a blow on the head which fractured her skull, and the blow came from the limb of an overhanging tree on the parking.
said dora, beginning on another button of my coat.
has the universe any unity of plan or purpose, or is it a fortuitous concourse of atoms?
shrieked the man, in wild desperation, extending both arms at their length above his head, and staring at him.
we know that on very many subjects different people hold different and incompatible opinions: hence some beliefs must be erroneous.
it would seem that, in man, all that makes up space perception, including the correlation of sight and touch and so on, is almost entirely acquired.
as to his situation--which was a precious one, wasnt it?--do you suppose i am not going to write home, and take care that he gets some money?
in all the more instinctive part of our nature we are dominated by impulses to certain kinds of activity, not by desires for certain ends.
these, with their perplexities and inconsistencies, were the shifting quicksands of my mind, from the time of my departure to the time of my return home, three years afterwards.
as they near the ground ready hands grasp the bar of steel, steady it in its descent, and guide it into its correct position.
the acts of an individual may be hurtful to others, or wanting in due consideration for their welfare, without going the length of violating any of their constituted rights.
one night he was caught by a thunderstorm, and he sought shelter in a little house just outside of a town.
it was obviously made with the assurance that he could not live so long, and was refused.
this preparation, mrs. crupp, after some difficulty, consented to warm up; and it shrunk so much in a liquid state, that we found it what steerforth called rather a tight fit for four.
he had loved lucie manette from the hour of his danger.
on a night in mid-july, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, mr. lorry came in late, from tellson's, and sat himself down by lucie and her husband in the dark window.
and then again ona cried out; he could hear it nearly as plainly here, and he staggered to his feet.
i did something--bowed, i suppose--and was all attention, when the other sister struck in.
there is some one down there, is there not?
they were the drainage of the great festering ulcer of society; they were hideous to look upon, sickening to talk to.
singing these words, 'round and 'round the campus they marched, drums beating time which no one observed, band clashing with band, in tune with nothing but the dominant note--the joy of reunion.
the light in the guard-house, half derived from the waning oil-lamps of the night, and half from the overcast day, was in a correspondingly uncertain condition.
she was so happy in it herself, however, and the other was so happy too, that they made the evening fly away as if it were but an hour.
a moment ago i considered the possibility of being invited to become king of georgia, but i do not believe that this will happen.
i now write of the time when i had been married, i suppose, about a year and a half.
from the way a boy answers i can decide which branch of the service he ought to be connected with.
that was done too, and the marquis went on with his supper.
so they both received a whipping, and the next morning set out again.
it is just as sophisticated and elaborate as the theories which he bases upon it, since only trained habits and much practice enable a man to make the kind of observation that will be scientifically illuminating.
theres no help for it, i suppose, said steerforth.
it was true that more things were going on at this time in the mind of jurgis than ever had in all his life before.
but commonly i kindled my fire with the dry leaves of the forest, which i had stored up in my shed before the snow came.
the act of remembering occurs now, and has on this view a certain essential relation to the past event which it remembers.
nevertheless, it is perhaps true that judgments having a high degree of subjective certainty are more apt to be true than other judgments.
as to what i dare, im a old bird now, as has dared all manner of traps since first he was fledged, and im not afeerd to perch upon a scarecrow.
(triumphantly expressive of the misery from which she had saved him)--i see and hear, rather than remember, as i write about it.
she described it as deadly dull, because there was nothing to do but bathe and boat unless you were the happy possessor of an automobile or a horse.
as to the future, said the doctor, recovering firmness, i should have great hope.
the vishnu purana says, the house-holder is to remain at eventide in his court-yard as long as it takes to milk a cow, or longer if he pleases, to await the arrival of a guest.
as he said the words he looked down, with an admiring pity, on the flowing golden hair; as if he pictured to himself that it might have been already tinged with grey.
thats how he looked when we were tried together.
it is known that all reflexive numbers are non-inductive, but it is not known that all non-inductive numbers are reflexive.
when the tragedy was over, and he had been called for and hooted, i said to herbert, let us go at once, or perhaps we shall meet him.
at length we gave it up, and pulled under the shore towards the tavern we had lately left, where we were received with no little surprise.
we were walking last night, and he came up behind her again, and i knew him again.
here, new as the snow is, there are earlier tracks than mine.
my spirits sank under these words, and i became very downcast and heavy of heart.
even the bison, to some extent, keeps pace with the seasons, cropping the pastures of the colorado only till a greener and sweeter grass awaits him by the yellowstone.
i may have a conviction that mr. micawbers manners-- hem!
she was too good for him, he told himself, and he was afraid, because she was his.
its broad pinnate tropical leaf was pleasant though strange to look on.
i am confident he wants strength of purpose.
by slow degrees the weight broke away the earth upon it, and came to the surface.
in spite of the fact that we can only know truths which are wholly composed of terms which we have experienced in acquaintance, we can yet have knowledge by description of things which we have never experienced.
what i dreaded was, that in some unlucky hour i, being at my grimiest and commonest, should lift up my eyes and see estella looking in at one of the wooden windows of the forge.
in preparing his special feature stories, a writer will do well to consider carefully the number and character of the illustrations necessary to give his work the strongest possible appeal.
an emotion--rage, for example--will be a certain kind of process, consisting of perceptions and (in general) bodily movements.
mr. dick, said my aunt, you have heard me mention david copperfield?
at present our houses are cluttered and defiled with it, and a good housewife would sweep out the greater part into the dust hole, and not leave her mornings work undone.
here were men who would show him and help him; and he would have friends and allies, he would dwell in the sight of justice, and walk arm in arm with power.
i leave you to judge what a damp way of earning a living mine is.
i must walk toward oregon, and not toward europe.
and now, said joe, you aint that strong yet, old chap, that you can take in more nor one additional shovelful to-day.
they were as silent, however, as the men.
it was extremely difficult, i heard, to make out what he owed, or what he had paid, or of what he died possessed.
the burn may have left no visible traces, yet it modifies the reaction of the child in the presence of fire.
on the day before it, i received an official note from wemmick, informing me that mr. jaggers would be glad if i would call upon him at five in the afternoon of the auspicious day.
such again is any kind of similarity, say similarity of colour.
he need not change his dogma for that, but he may change his reading of that dogma, and he must supplement and correct his deductions from it.
i could only see, of the room beyond, that it was pretty large; that there was a bed in it; and that there were some common pictures of ships upon the walls.
it is advertised in the cuttingsville times.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
he was a dreadful old man to look at, in a filthy flannel waistcoat, and smelling terribly of rum.
you have been thinking a great deal too much about yourself and your feelings.
she and two other women appealed to every labor union in st. louis with a speech against e.j.
and what would have been your destination?
humph, he said, finally, and gazed at the stranger, sizing him up--a ragged, ill-smelling tramp, with no overcoat and one arm in a sling--and a hundred-dollar bill!
when, following our definition, we try to decide what elements in our experience are of the nature of sensations, we find more difficulty than might have been expected.
it makes but little difference whether you are committed to a farm or the county jail.
it was such a little thing--to ruin us all.
tell him so, retorted peggotty, looking out of her apron.
for each day seemed endless, though never wearisome.
it is not freedom, to be allowed to alienate his freedom.
it was now april, and the snow had given place to cold rains, and the unpaved street in front of aniele's house was turned into a canal.
but, in the stillness of the third hour of the morning, lucie came downstairs again, and stole into his room; not free from unshaped fears, beforehand.
meanwhile verification remains often practically possible.
then, i looked round and saw the disturbed beetles and spiders running away over the floor, and the servants coming in with breathless cries at the door.
let us first consider what sort of object a word is when considered simply as a physical thing, apart from its meaning.
i shouldnt be at all surprised if you were to be married years before me, copperfield.
on his face was the expression we see only on the faces of those who know the finer sensibilities--a fierce, exultant joy that is very near akin to tears.
at the advent of each individual into this life, may we not suppose that such a bar has risen to the surface somewhere?
to the bison of the prairie it is a few inches of palatable grass, with water to drink; unless he seeks the shelter of the forest or the mountains shadow.
you knew i had no mother, she replied with a smile, and felt kindly towards me.
troubled me none the less because i went on.
similarly, it takes about eight minutes for the sun's light to reach us; thus, when we see the sun we are seeing the sun of eight minutes ago.
among the rest, she converted the pantry into a dressing-room for me; and purchased and embellished a bedstead for my occupation, which looked as like a bookcase in the daytime as a bedstead could.
and conversely, the sensible objects of waking life must not be expected to have any more intrinsic reality than those of dreams.
fine scholar, said mr. dick, touching me with his finger.
with a little study and practice, any one can take photographs that will reproduce well for illustrations.
until this is realized, no satisfactory theory of perception, sensation, or imagination is possible.
the forces of nature had been harnessed to human use.
you ridiculous boy, said estella, will you never take warning?
i think he would not be much the better for the mother.
it would therefore be extremely interesting to see how he came through this ordeal.
but i forgive you, mr. copperfield, said uriah, making his forgiving nature the subject of a most impious and awful parallel, which i shall not record.
but the end of law has been debated more in politics than in jurisprudence.
you needed a rest, he said, in a hard tone.
its the last good night there will be, this season; and theres a singer there, whom she really ought to hear.
is it possible that i had the honour, sir, of officiating when--?
besides which, she is so charmingly ugly, relapsing into languor.
thus the position is completely reversed.
then suddenly came a hail from below: get your clothes on now, girls, and come along.
we thought, mr. jaggers one of the men began, pulling off his hat.
as the question had no bearing, near or remote, on any foregone or subsequent transaction, i consider it to have been thrown out, like her previous approaches, in general conversational condescension.
it is desirable, in short, that in things which do not primarily concern others, individuality should assert itself.
defectively executed securities, settlements and advancements need no equivalent and need not be acted on in order to be reformed.
but we didnt find that it come up to its likeness in the red bills at the shop doors; which i meantersay, added joe, in an explanatory manner, as it is there drawd too architectooralooral.
acts and habits which are not social, but individual; although it is to this class, surely, that the act of drinking fermented liquors belongs.
when at last the time came for her to get out, she asked for the transfer, and was refused.
they preserve their form when dry for an indefinite period.
i have seen beauty in a sunset and in the spring woods and in the eyes of divers women, but now these happy accidents of light and color no longer thrill me.
try not to associate bodily defects with mental, my good friend, except for a solid reason.
let us look at each of these propositions in some detail.
in derivative knowledge our ultimate premisses must have some degree of self-evidence, and so must their connexion with the conclusions deduced from them.
then mrs. crupp said, now about the dinner.
then the director, a trained woman landscape gardener, tells you all that this school of horticulture has accomplished since its founding five years ago.
and i feel ashamed of myself and my bird.
as everybody went to bed by ten o'clock--almost every one considerably before that hour, in fact--the newcomer did likewise, he having secured a suite with a bath in the main building.
the fact, however, is, that not only the grounds of the opinion are forgotten in the absence of discussion, but too often the meaning of the opinion itself.
rewrite mr. shaw's article so as to place the sentence which now begins the selection at the end.
my heart sank within me as i acknowledged the undoubted accuracy of this description.
it is more than true; it is so important that the success of a mail-order business in dressed chickens depends upon a realization of it.
towards nine o'clock he smoothed his ruffled aspect, and, presenting as respectable and business-like an exterior as he could overlay his natural self with, issued forth to the occupation of the day.
in some such way, all statements nominally about a class can be reduced to statements about what follows from the hypothesis of anything's having the defining property of the class.
but, before i proceed to narrate it, and before i pass on to all the changes it involved, i must give one chapter to estella.
five were to be tried together, next, as enemies of the republic, forasmuch as they had not assisted it by word or deed.
he will believe it more and more, poor fellow, every day for a few days to come; and then it will be past.
you will not be the cause of my becoming worse.
he had a fine following when the draft reached him; and during the eight months he spent in an army uniform he utilized his knowledge of gasoline transportation as an expert in uncle sam's motor service.
would you mind handel for a familiar name?
master micawbers moroseness of aspect returned upon him again, and he demanded, with some temper, what he was to do?
it either should contain a verb of action or should imply one.
she locked it after admitting me, as she had done before, and again preceded me into the dark passage where her candle stood.
he leaned an elbow on her table, and covered his eyes with his hand.
it is above all our brothers to us, and its truth above their truth.
i felt the difficulty of resuming the subject, but had not got to the bottom of it yet, and must get to the bottom somehow.
when i began to have a fire at evening, before i plastered my house, the chimney carried smoke particularly well, because of the numerous chinks between the boards.
it remains to show that it has the properties we expect of an instant.
uncle dan--yonder, answered emly, nodding at the boat-house.
the historian parkman filled his volumes with the intimate details of personal experience that keep them warm and forever alive.
it could not be done, and the attempt to do it would inevitably engender suspicion.
to begin with, many instincts mature gradually, and while they are immature an animal may act in a fumbling manner which is very difficult to distinguish from learning.
if there had been time, i should probably have ordered several suits of clothes for this occasion; but as there was not, i was fain to be content with those i had.
the poor boy was dreadfully tired, and for months, like the thoroughbred he was, he had repressed his true feelings under a quiet, quizzical smile.
he wanted to know what was going on at the meetings, and to be able to take part in them, and so he began to look about him, and to try to pick up words.
heres her allowance of bread, and heres her slice of cheese, and heres her rum,which i drink.
always, depending on the moment's mood, he was either terrier or spaniel, the snap and scrap and perk of the one alternating with the gentle snuggling indolence of the other.
let him humbly commune with zoroaster then, and through the liberalizing influence of all the worthies, with jesus christ himself, and let our church go by the board.
this provision is familiar to every one in the case of contracts.
it is applicable equally to finite and infinite numbers, and it does not require the admission of some new and mysterious set of metaphysical entities.
i will be very franki believe it is so with all good books except, perhaps, fiction.
in this i was much assisted by mr. mell, who had a liking for me that i am grateful to remember.
the horse was walking and, as she turned into north merchant street she took off her cowboy hat, and the horse swung into a lope.
compared with honey-bees they are clumsy.
they plastered appeals for help all over western new york--on the walls of post offices, railroad stations, on boarding houses.
that my father, said lucie, hurriedly taking the paper from her breast, but with her alarmed eyes on her questioner and not on it, has much influence around him.
did this country afford any beverage beside water?
monseigneur in town monseigneur, one of the great lords in power at the court, held his fortnightly reception in his grand hotel in paris.
i am sure its not, said he, superciliously over his shoulder; i dont think anything about it.
pays, as he speaks, my dear child--through the nose, replied miss mowcher.
between hope and despondency the comment varied on the streets, at the supper-tables, and in the eager, waiting groups of girls on tenement steps and stairs.
you never had a chance before you came here, and see how improved you are!
of the two kinds of definition--formal and informal--you will more often have occasion to write the second.
but continuity, which we are now to consider, is essentially a property of an order: it does not belong to a set of terms in themselves, but only to a set in a certain order.
the winter was coming on again, more menacing and cruel than ever.
o, they swarm; the sun is too warm there; they are born too far into life for me.
said mr. barkis, always leaning forward, in his slouching way, on the footboard of the cart with an arm on each knee.
there was no touch of pity, sorrow, or kindred humanity, in this answer.
so long as you do not obscure the point that the reader should note, all the life, all the humor of which you and the process are capable should be introduced.
such were our ideas when we married on a salary of one hundred dollars a month.
he can determine by glancing at the first page or two whether or not the article is worth further consideration.
and yet all this inconvenience they might have put up with, if only it had not been for one thing--if only there had been some place where they might eat.
still there was no answer, and i knocked again.
the last i heard of him, i stopped in the mist to listen, and the file was still going.
he said it with a curious smile, which was gone directly; and we went into the room and found her alone.
but, my good young friend, whats seventy pounds a year?
and therefore, i went on, with your leave, i will suggest that we hold no kind of communication in future.
strange to say, that quiet influence which was inseparable in my mind from agnes, seemed to pervade even the city where she dwelt.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
i told him how i esteemed his good-nature; and said that his hair must have taken all the obstinacy out of his character, for he had none.
we cant be happy together for five minutes in the evening, but some intrusive female knocks at the door, and says, oh, if you please, miss dora, would you step upstairs!
for the present we may ignore beliefs, and regard a man's knowledge as actually consisting in what he says and does.
but each day added to the chain of days between us and the city is like an added blessing.
she had a cousin in the life-guards, with such long legs that he looked like the afternoon shadow of somebody else.
it was porkmaking by machinery, porkmaking by applied mathematics.
he turned it about in his mouth much longer than usual, pondering over it a good deal, and after all gulped it down like a pill.
my dear copperfield, how very much you have improved!
into it he drops a sum of money--a dollar, or perhaps five dollars, according to his power, and his estimate of the value of the privilege.
it is a commonplace that happiness is not best achieved by those who seek it directly; and it would seem that the same is true of the good.
no, no, no, said peggotty, shaking her head, and folding her arms; not she, my dear.
wemmick drank a glass of wine, and looked with a grimly satisfied air at mr. jaggers, but not at me.
the first plan tells us what he does; the second the impressions he produces.
what i suffered from that placard, nobody can imagine.
my heart, who is there upon earth that i could miss so much?
i know not which is the more startling--the dbut of the unfortunate clergyman, or the instantaneousness of his end.
she exclaimed, trimming his whiskers with a little restless pair of scissors, that went glancing round his head in all directions.
he could forget the pain, he could slip off the burden; he would see clearly again, he would be master of his brain, of his thoughts, of his will.
such a list bewilders and is rarely of any real value.
several of the back windows on the staircase had been darkened or wholly blocked up.
both women possessed fire and eloquence.
we will begin with the problem of the physical conceptions of space and time and matter, which, as we have seen, are challenged by the contentions of the evolutionists.
but in the moments of their audibility they are very distinct.
now, dora, my love, i returned, gently trying to remove the handkerchief she pressed to her eyes, this is not only very ridiculous of you, but very wrong.
define: futurist painting, free verse, social morality, in relation to their preceding forms.
and he used publicity among lockport's population of consumers, showing them the economy of such a move.
and the man we have in hiding down the river, is estellas father.
the door opened twice each day, once for the men who brought us bread and water, and once for the judges.
often a causal law involves not one datum, but many, which need not be all simultaneous with each other, though their time-relations must be given.
his blue bag was slung over his shoulder, honest industry beamed in his eyes, a determination to proceed to trabbs with cheerful briskness was indicated in his gait.
trot, my dear, said my aunt, when she saw me making preparations for compounding her usual night-draught, no!
a fifty pound bank note, in a sheet of paper, directed to me, and put underneath the door in the night.
she came out here, he said, looking about him, turned this way, must have trod on these stones often.
with all this as optimistic preamble, let us hear their story.
i say let him keep away, said mr. creakle, striking his hand upon the table, and looking at mrs. creakle, for he knows me.
the local war-garden supervisor acted as inspector.
cashing a cheque means changing a cheque for money.
if any hurt should come to me, remember that the last words i left for her was, my unchanged love is with my darling child, and i forgive her!
the roads to the channel do not traverse it; they choose upon either side easier passes over the range.
no, said mr. lorry, in reply to the house; i have referred it, i think, to everybody now here, and no one can tell me where this gentleman is to be found.
as the flames rose, a thing happened which no eyes saw but ours, else we would not be living today.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
said peggotty, looking at me again at last.
i felt it was rather hard on mr. omer, and i told him so.
they are divided by an island into two parts, the canadian and the american.
and here is mr. micawber without any suitable position or employment.
there are no objections, and no answers to objections.
truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.
suppose you are thinking of some familiar room.
and this accounts for the fact that images and sensations cannot always be distinguished by their intrinsic nature.
they had him on a secret list in every office, big and little, in the place.
as he had continued to look steadily at me, i took it as a reminder that he objected to being extolled for his consideration.
as he replied in the affirmative, with perfect confidence and cheerfulness, we did not resume the subject until the day was wearing away.
i had not thought of it on the occasion of my last visit, but how strange it was to me, now, to miss mr. barkis out of the kitchen!
you had much better go and marry mr. barkis, the carrier.
there is no reason why you should thank me.
his salutation rings out at intervals in the clear morning air.
here was what i read: the violence of revolutions is generally proportioned to the degree of the maladministration which has produced them.
somebodys hair fell down, and nobody but sophy could put it up.
earnestness is what that somebody must look for, to sustain him and improve him, trot.
set down on one side of the page what you pay for boxes, labels, postage, and so on, including what you pay yourself for chickens at your huckster's prices.
until she opened the side entrance, i had fancied, without thinking about it, that it must necessarily be night-time.
the intermediate period is entirely mechanical.
better luck than all this could hardly have been hoped for; there was only one of them left to seek a place.
tomorrow, you will take us back into your fold and we shall be an outcast no longer.
it is a present to you on this day, in earnest of your expectations.
ability to investigate a subject thoroughly, and to gather material accurately, is absolutely necessary for any writer who aims to do acceptable work.
if they made their bows of it, we make our gun-stocks of it.
it's a gloomy thing, however, to talk about one's own past, with the day breaking.
my aunt took her hand in hers, and laughed.
?,you will not perceive that, as perceiving a particular thing, say the chaldean oracles.
she is presumably quite a young woman; probably, when at home, a graceful figure in drawing-rooms.
a joint committee went out of the conference and laid these facts before the canners.
they saw that the whole course of legal history had been one of wider recognition and more effective enforcement of promises.
honest, marija, why don't you just give me a little money and let me look for work first?
i am now about to make a statement with which many of my readers will not agree.
if it should be so, i began, and i hope it is- i dont know that it is, said my aunt curtly.
the climax of it is a furious prestissimo, at which the couples seize hands and begin a mad whirling.
here, he skipped from his left leg on to his right.
a photograph of miss jessie wilson, now mrs. francis b. sayre, occupies the space between the two windows.
these actions of beethoven are emotionally tempestuous.
or, she may have had assistance from the boatmen, and the boatmens wives and children.
i know you, evremonde; i saw you before the tribunal to-day.
here and there, the set of the current had worn down the bank into a little creek, and we were all suspicious of such places, and eyed them nervously.
the prisoner had come into his saloon after midnight, fighting drunk, and had ordered a glass of beer and tendered a dollar bill in payment.
an animal which falls over a cliff may make a number of desperate struggles while it is in the air, but its centre of gravity will move exactly as it would if the animal were dead.
said my aunt, rubbing her nose as if she were a little vexed.
they were only three at table, and miss pross made the third.
he laid his hands upon my shoulders, and added in a solemn whisper: avail yourself of this evening to lay hold of his portable property.
there is a chance, one in three or four billions, that you will die in a second, by the tick of the watch.
perceptions, says professor dewey, are not per se cases of knowledge, but simply natural events with no more knowledge status than (say) a shower.
having now seen that there must be such entities as universals, the next point to be proved is that their being is not merely mental.
methinks we might elevate ourselves a little more.
a bad truth for you, said defarge, speaking with knitted brows, and looking straight before him.
masr davy!-- oh, for his broken heart, how dreadfully he wept!
he went to every one he knew, asking for a chance, there or anywhere.
and she aint here or i aint theer, i shall put the candle in the winder, and sit afore the fire, pretending im expecting of her, like im a doing now.
it is always easy to follow the spokes back to the hub.
if this aint, said mr. peggotty, sitting down among us by the fire, the brightest night o my life, im a shellfish--biled too--and more i cant say.
let not to get a living be thy trade, but thy sport.
i do not understand the meaning of the term, but i have heard them say so.
having made this lunatic confession, i began to throw my torn-up grass into the river, as if i had some thoughts of following it.
is there not a sort of blood shed when the conscience is wounded?
yet till this is otherwise we are not civilized, and, if gentlemen and ladies, are not true men and women.
none of your close shavers the prince aint.
the outside ones would be shivering and sobbing, crawling over the others and trying to get down into the center, and causing a fight.
same's my aunt polly--hic--my aunt polly's in the hospital, too--ole auntie's been havin' twins!
let me see you play cards with this boy.
half an hour has passed since we were struck--thirty minutes of frantic endeavor to debark our men--yet still the decks are thronged by a packed mass that seems but little reduced.
to this process of the pursuit of precision there is strictly no limit.
but now, seeing me smile, he examined my features with more attention, fell back, cried, is it possible!
adieu, mr. barsad, said the former; our arrangement thus made, you have nothing to fear from me.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
mr. lorry, look again upon the prisoner.
it is probable that there had long been a dread lurking in his mind, that those associations would be recalled--say, under certain circumstances--say, on a particular occasion.
she will be in a state of mind to impeach the justice of the republic.
the feeling still continues to affect us all.
much better it would be to ask, how came this man to write thus?
i am sure i am very affectionate, said dora; you oughtnt to be cruel to me, doady!
marija sat for a minute or two, brooding somberly.
scrambling down the life-ropes, our small company endeavors to get foothold on her decks.
they had been overworked and underfed so long, and finally some disease had laid them on their backs; or they had cut themselves, and had blood poisoning, or met with some other accident.
notice that i told why the reader should buy one of my chickens rather than a chicken of whose antecedents he knew nothing.
surely it must be lying somewhere among the wreckage of all the plaints and all the exultations poured out aloud since the first day when hope, the undying, came down on earth.
and surely, to be just a very gullible consciousness provisionally existing among inexplicable mysteries, is not an enviable plight.
besides having a paid announcement in the college and town papers i had a thousand leaflets printed and distributed.
he had acquired new standards of living, which were not easily to be altered.
as the conversation began to assume a loftier and grander tone, we gradually shoved our chairs farther apart till they touched the wall in opposite corners, and then commonly there was not room enough.
then the seller, looking critically at the pig, will agree that the weather is as his friend maintains.
intuitively, said i, to his extreme delight.
you are right, said i, and that has sometimes made me anxious.
ill tell you, masr davy, he said,--wheer all ive been, and what-all weve heerd.
make the best of it, my dear sir, said stryver; say no more about it; thank you again for allowing me to sound you; good night!
trot, returned my aunt, with some emotion, no!
it was no matter of wonder to me to find mrs. steerforth devoted to her son.
well, well; we can only be thankful that the quality is still so good.
energy may be turned to bad uses; but more good may always be made of an energetic nature, than of an indolent and impassive one.
i had counted on one boy, i found i had two in my audience.
ask no questions, and youll be told no lies.
though how this man knows it was a sham, is a wonder of wonders to me.
is a similar list of novels or plays or symphonies as difficult to make?
here my aunt looked hard at mrs. crupp, and observed, we neednt trouble you to wait, maam.
new england can hire all the wise men in the world to come and teach her, and board them round the while, and not be provincial at all.
there is another point, besides lack of universality and necessity, which it is important to realize as regards causes in the above sense, and that is the lack of uniqueness.
thus the reader is given both the main facts and the most significant feature of the subject.
it sounds less as if you wanted a missionary.
yet the nineteenth century was no more able to get on without philosophy of law than were its predecessors.
i never could think the girl all bad, and i am glad to find shes not.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
we entered a low, old-fashioned room, walked straight into from the street, and found there mrs. heep, who was the dead image of uriah, only short.
the sensations which strike us as public are those where the correlated sensations are very similar and the correlations are very easy to discover.
there was an interval of silence, only broken by miss betseys occasionally ejaculating ha!
it was a very fine evening, and my mother and he had another stroll by the sweetbriar, while i was sent in to get my tea.
but when we note how visibly it sways all life we perceive that we are talking about god.
looking fixedly at me, she puts her hand to her forehead, and moans.
at the beginning of the new year i tried my prentice hand on a budget; and that was the year that we emerged from debt and began to save.
which he warnt strong enough, my dear, fur to be surprised, said joe.
hence grotius reduced creation by labor to occupation, since if one made from what he discovered, the materials were his by occupation, and if not, the title of others to the materials was decisive.
atomic propositions, although, like facts, they may have any one of an infinite number of forms, are only one kind of propositions.
all names of places--london, england, europe, the earth, the solar system--similarly involve, when used, descriptions which start from some one or more particulars with which we are acquainted.
after all, concentration is the price the modern student pays for success.
i sent one to a distinguished naturalist, and it interested him much.
in some languages, according to some authorities, the distinction of parts of speech does not exist; in many languages it is widely different from that to which we are accustomed in the indo-european languages.
i think not, maam; but im no judge of them things.
betsey would have contrived to throw that after the rest, and make another chapter, i have little doubt.
but we think that the council of scholars is blind.
that's why she is such a formidable antagonist.
i have held them in my open hand at such a time, and still their only care, obedient to their mother and their instinct, was to squat there without fear or trembling.
what light does this shed on the individual life without regard to station in society?
that was forty-five years ago and it was thus that the great joplin lead and zinc district was made known to the world.
it was necessary, in short, for a time, to take away everything nigh her, that she could do herself, or anybody else, an injury with, and to shut her up close.
i wish somebody'd break my arm, ole chappie--damfidon't!
such was the orthodox view of the relation of law and equity.
or perhaps the applicant for the new kind of work in the home may have been employed in a department store and found the continuous standing on her feet too wearing.
number two in the court was soon reached; and an inscription on the door-post informing me that mr. traddles occupied a set of chambers on the top storey, i ascended the staircase.
there were how many dynasties of pharaohs, each one of whom was absolute lord of the known world, and is to-day forgotten?
you are too young to know how the world changes every day, said mrs. creakle, and how the people in it pass away.
he imitated the action of a man's being impelled forward by the butt-ends of muskets.
somehow, i was not best pleased with joes being so mightily secure of me.
we may state these, in order of diminishing generality, as follows:-- (a) are series possessing mathematical continuity logically possible?
in general, however, this question is of great importance.
when agnes wrote to tell me of her safe arrival, i was as miserable as when i saw her going away.
if the law is in the form of a code, its adherents apply the canons of genuine interpretation and ask what the several code provisions mean as they stand, looked at logically rather than historically.
i am dreadfully angry with them myself; but i would rather peggotty didnt know.
jurgis was more startled by that than he would have been by the touch of a policeman.
o miss havisham, said i, i can do it now.
the shoe dropped to the ground, and he sat looking fixedly at the questioner.
this is the most important respect in which hegel uncritically assumes the traditional logic.
come to the pollis, you young warmin, come to the pollis!
the first and simplest idea is that law exists in order to keep the peace in a given society; to keep the peace at all events and at any price.
but for his having been so patient and persevering for so long a time, we never could have hoped to do anything worth speaking of.
when they called for the vessels again, i was green enough to return what bread i had left; but my comrade seized it, and said that i should lay that up for lunch or dinner.
besides, pip, im here, because ive meant it by you, years and years.
most men appear never to have considered what a house is, and are actually though needlessly poor all their lives because they think that they must have such a one as their neighbors have.
he is a beef-boner, and that is a dangerous trade, especially when you are on piecework and trying to earn a bride.
but this view of cause is one to which science lends no countenance.
no wonder that alexander carried the iliad with him on his expeditions in a precious casket.
while we were talking, he more than once called me daisy; which brought miss dartle out again.
pearsall smith was, in a way, one of the men of the nineties.
suppose you ask me what i ate for breakfast this morning.
but before he left, he went with me to yarmouth, to see a little tablet i had put up in the churchyard to the memory of ham.
they stood and looked in my eye or pecked at my shoe significantly.
to tax stimulants for the sole purpose of making them more difficult to be obtained, is a measure differing only in degree from their entire prohibition; and would be justifiable only if that were justifiable.
they must be bodily movements in whose causation the special properties of nervous tissue are involved.
i did, said jurgis, i heard of it afterward.
then, too, living at home, they are often dangerous to younger members of a family, and they are fault-finding, exacting, and irritable generally.
and one other thing regarding him was whispered in the echoes, which has been whispered by all true echoes for ages and ages.
the reply to this was made by him who had spoken second.
the dragon regarded him hopelessly, but craftily.
from such a definition tediousness is of course the result.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
now if this doctor's wife, though a lady of great courage and spirit, had suffered so intensely from this cause before her little child was born-- the little child was a daughter, sir.
there was the former's frail young wife, and also an elderly lady, who taught kindergarten in the settlement, and a young college student, a beautiful girl with an intense and earnest face.
my dear mr. copperfield, i am delighted.
john farmer sat at his door one september evening, after a hard days work, his mind still running on his labor more or less.
but i must be permitted to observe, that it is not the feeling sure of a doctrine (be it what it may) which i call an assumption of infallibility.
being much flushed and excited, i tumbled my half-guinea out of my pocket in pulling the card out.
they are inclined to suspect the writer of giving directions on the basis of untried theory rather than on that of successful practice.
what they done, is laid up wheer neither moth or rust doth corrupt, and wheer thieves do not break through nor steal.
several times when i glanced at him, i observed that appearance with a sort of awe, and wondered what he was thinking about so closely.
this theory certainly brings portly, respected persons very near to me.
on inanimate nature, as on the men and women who cultivated it, a prevalent tendency towards an appearance of vegetating unwillingly--a dejected disposition to give up, and wither away.
accommodated; that is, when a man is, as they say, accommodated; or when a man is, being, whereby 'a may be thought to be accommodated; which is an excellent thing.
from this they had to deduct their carfare, since the distance was so great; but after a while they made friends, and learned still more, and then they would save their carfare.
it is the old difference between the drama and a sermon: the play thrills and the sermon convinces.
the time comes, and your horse wins or does not win; according to the outcome, your belief was true or false.
a high grade of paper not only gives the manuscript a good appearance but stands more handling and saves the recopying of returned manuscripts.
then missis gummidge, she claps her hands like a play, and you come in.
personal experiences of others, as well as the writer's own, may be given in confession form if the writer is able to secure sufficiently detailed information from some one else to make the story probable.
it was abandoned as soon as tried, and he wore his grizzled hair cut short.
when i conducted mrs. micawber to my dressing-table, and she saw the scale on which it was prepared for her, she was in such raptures, that she called mr. micawber to come in and look.
our poets desert the domestic landscape to write pseudo-elizabethan dramas and sonnets about mont blanc.
everything was unchanged, and miss havisham was alone.
yes, said the other; she was bending over, lacing her shoes as she spoke.
we used to walk between the two places at all hours.
new plants starting every month and the old ones growing.
after i had turned the worst point of my illness, i began to notice that while all its other features changed, this one consistent feature did not change.
mama, she said crying, i am extremely young--which was perfectly true--and i hardly know if i have a heart at all.
if ever a man did me harm, it was he; harm physical and moral.
said the wine-shop keeper, crossing the road, and obliterating the jest with a handful of mud, picked up for the purpose, and smeared over it.
one man still preserves the horns of the last deer that was killed in this vicinity, and another has told me the particulars of the hunt in which his uncle was engaged.
as the romanist puts it, in the case of natural possession the law secures the relation of the physical person to the object; in juristic possession the law secures the relation of the will to the object.
she brought also a bit of stale rye bread that some one had given her, and with that they quieted the children and got them to sleep.
he had known the last witness seven or eight years; that was merely a coincidence.
it is a little bowl of strange design which was brought up by a diver from the bottom of the caribbean.
the sound might have touched any heart, i thought, but it had no effect upon uriahs.
i liked the tale myself, for much the same reason as my father liked the beginning: it was my kind of picturesque.
the newspapers had been full of this scandal--once there had even been an investigation, and an actual uncovering of the pipes; but nobody had been punished, and the thing went right on.
as many as fifty bottles a minute can be turned out by this combination blowing machine and feeder.
i expected a hamper from peggotty, and brightened at the order.
waiting until she was quiet again,for this, too, flashed out of her in a wild and sudden way,i went on.
huge electric lamps like searchlights to be lowered into the ocean depths and give light to the workers are stacked close beside powerful generators in the ship's hold.
what are my agony and indignation next day, when i hear a flying rumour that the misses nettingall have stood miss shepherd in the stocks for turning in her toes!
let us not be upset and overwhelmed in that terrible rapid and whirlpool called a dinner, situated in the meridian shallows.
red cattle, black, white, and yellow cattle; old cattle and young cattle; great bellowing bulls and little calves not an hour born; meek-eyed milch cows and fierce, long-horned texas steers.
at that instant, miss murdstone, who has been lying in wait for nothing else all along, says in a deep warning voice: clara!
i resorted to traddles for advice; who suggested that he should dictate speeches to me, at a pace, and with occasional stoppages, adapted to my weakness.
arrived at the atlantic, he pauses on the shore of this unknown ocean, the bounds of which he knows not, and turns upon his footprints for an instant.
then, trot, said my aunt, turning scarlet, you did wrong, and broke your promise.
i got up early and bathed in the pond; that was a religious exercise, and one of the best things which i did.
no i am not, said biddy, looking up and laughing.
but such as it was, he saw, or thought he saw, that it was held together, and prevented from being worse, by belief and reverence of the received divinities.
so indignant were the packers that they went farther, and compelled the mayor to abolish the whole bureau of inspection; so that since then there has not been even a pretense of any interference with the graft.
two days out from marseilles--and all well!
how i treasured up the entries, of which i subjoin a sample--!
for months afterwards, i every day settled the question finally in the negative, and reopened and reargued it next morning.
i could have thrown my bootjack at him (it lay ready on the rug), for having entrapped me into the disclosure of anything concerning agnes, however immaterial.
every property-owner in the township was asked for a subscription, and some gave generously and some gave niggardly and some did not give at all.
it would cost nothing to lay down if it were not.
very much, was wemmicks reply, for i have had my legs under the desk all day, and shall be glad to stretch them.
(the value of this method lies in its liveliness and the ease with which it makes an idea comprehended.)
sometimes you can at once feel that the spirit of the book is unsafe, wild, unthinking.
the body of every human being in the world is infested with millions of them.
this touched upon thousands and thousands of men working in scores of states.
it happened, that the action turned his face to that side of the court which was on his left.
though it is to a prisoner in the abbaye.
he is, to some faded courts held in doctors commons,--a lazy old nook near st. pauls churchyard--what solicitors are to the courts of law and equity.
for, what would staid british responsibility and respectability have said to orange-trees in boxes in a bank courtyard, and even to a cupid over the counter?
it is very natural in its methods withal, far more so than many fantastic enterprises and sentimental experiments, and hence its singular success.
no questions passed as to why we had picked one another up.
but he will still have to suppose that the time-order of phenomena is determined by characteristics of what is behind phenomena, and this suffices for the substance of our argument.
this complexity of causes in psychology might be connected with bergson's arguments against repetition in the mental world.
at that time--i may ask, at what time, sir?
later on he sat down upon a step and hid his face in his hands and for half an hour or so he did not move.
mr. jack maldon shook hands with me; but not very warmly, i believed; and with an air of languid patronage, at which i secretly took great umbrage.
and above the dynamos, cased in studded leather, swinging a little in their ordered precession, are the two gyroscopes, the soul of the machine.
it was late at night, and he had failed to get the price of a lodging.
so there came a time when nearly all the conscious life of jurgis consisted of a struggle with the craving for liquor.
even those who invent the theories do not, in science, regard them as anything but a temporary makeshift.
we go eastward to realize history and study the works of art and literature, retracing the steps of the race; we go westward as into the future, with a spirit of enterprise and adventure.
yet he appeared to know his course as surely under water as on the surface, and swam much faster there.
every one is vitally concerned about his own prosperity and happiness.
so, traddles remained for the latter purpose, to be presently relieved by mr. dick; and mr. dick, my aunt, and i, went home with mr. micawber.
not unnaturally metaphysical and historical and analytical jurists, at the end of the century, were quite willing to say that their several methods were not exclusive but were complementary.
i have but an indistinct idea of what happened for some time after this baleful object presented itself to my view.
heaven forbid, copperfield, he replied, that i should do any man an injustice: still less, mr. jorkins.
downstairs, where the greater part of the prisoners were now massed, she sought out the stout personage with the diamond earrings, and had a few whispered words with her.
the postmaster interposed himself between this man and the rider's bridle (at which he was evidently making), and soothingly said, let him be; let him be!
the form of the outline shall an outline be written in words and phrases or in complete sentences?
sometimes he is driven into the industrial world by the ignorance or greed of his parents.
i said to you i thought he was softened when i last saw him.
and facts of sense themselves must, for our present purposes, be interpreted with a certain latitude.
and tell her that before she marries my boy, ill come and make your house so beautiful for you, if youll let me!
dante, bunyan, and others appear to have been exercised in their minds more than we: they were subjected to a kind of culture such as our district schools and colleges do not contemplate.
their lives and their interests are no longer the same as ours, and when we meet it is with conscious reservations and much manufactured talk.
stevenson gave witness that almost more than from any one else his courage and good cheer in dark days had caught fire from the personality of shakespeare's heroine rosalind.
and they employ a moral police, which occasionally becomes a physical one, to deter skilful workmen from receiving, and employers from giving, a larger remuneration for a more useful service.
beyond this dump there stood a great brickyard, with smoking chimneys.
you had abandoned all hope of being dug out?
on every decree of his they have a tacit veto, by merely refraining from carrying it into effect.
when i got into the courtyard, i found estella waiting with the keys.
you have just dined, and however the slaughter-house is concealed in the graceful distance of miles, there is complicity, expensive races--race living at the expense of race.
the soldiers were moving on in the direction of the old battery, and we were moving on a little way behind them, when, all of a sudden, we all stopped.
being perfect, they can never droop under that satiety which arises from the perception of fault; their virtue can never be so entirely savoured as to leave no pungency of gusto for the next approach.
we wondered who was sprinkling burning coal dust upon the floor, for we saw drops of red twinkling on the stones around us.
to extend this list would make wearisome reading.
undoubtedly it has been carried too far in the analogous cases above mentioned.
a tremendous roar had burst from the throats of the crowd, which by this time had packed the hall to the very doors.
without this companionable interchange chess is the most lonely of human experiences.
she married me in opposition to her fathers wish, and he renounced her.
some eddying fragments i saw in the sea, as if a mere cask had been broken, in running to the spot where they were hauling in.
do not fail, therefore, when your theme is to be of any considerable length, or when the subject is at all difficult, to make an outline.
philosophically the apportionment of the field between rule and discretion which is suggested by the use of rules and of standards respectively in modern law has its basis in the respective fields of intelligence and intuition.
within three months, however, this motorcycle added two big trucks to a fleet of one dozen operated by a wholesale firm.
bubbles of carbonic acid gas will rise to the surface and burst, and make rings two or three feet wide.
which i really thought was a sensible idea, that ham might have acted on.
you will be careful to keep them separate, citizen?
i said; but my apprehension was groundless.
she sank down upon the floor, beginning to cry again.
(it was done; for the poor lamb lived but a day beyond her.)
it was in an evil hour that you ever came here!
i tell you what, said the milkman, looking hard at her for the first time, and taking her by the chin, are you fond of milk?
i wondered whether he could be a doctor; but no, i thought; he couldnt be a doctor, or he would have a quieter and more persuasive manner.
there was a baby crying as they entered, and he closed the door leading into the bedroom.
you are such a comfortable man, you see, said minnie.
genius is not a retainer to any emperor, nor is its material silver, or gold, or marble, except to a trifling extent.
while he was recording them he called my attention to his stock in trade, and to certain fashions which he said had just come up, and to certain other fashions which he said had just gone out.
another objection is that no endeavour is made to show that we cannot form a consistent whole composed partly or wholly of false propositions, as in a novel.
the behaviourist, who attempts to make psychology a record of behaviour, has to trust his memory in making the record.
didnt i tell you, said the other convict then, that he would murder me, if he could?
it stood very much in my way, too, when i first fell in love with sophy.
thank you, master copperfield, returned uriah, putting his book away upon the shelf--i suppose you stop here, some time, master copperfield?
youre on your oath, you know, pips comrade?
mr. jaggers had duly sent me his address; it was, little britain, and he had written after it on his card, just out of smithfield, and close by the coach-office.
after i have crossed this bridge, i hoist it upsoand cut off the communication.
he said traddless was a character, to the steady virtues of which he (mr. micawber) could lay no claim, but which, he thanked heaven, he could admire.
i covet no mans soul, nor is my soul theirs to covet.
of course i shall observe your directions, in considering the matter as one to be arranged between you and me solely, and not to be referred to, up at the doctors.
who is that intemperate and brutal man whom we would redeem?
the managers and superintendents and clerks of packingtown were all recruited from another class, and never from the workers; they scorned the workers, the very meanest of them.
suddenly, the postilions exchange speech with animated gesticulation, and the horses are pulled up, almost on their haunches.
soon as she got to england she turned her face towrds it.
that he had left me at the forge,far from contented, yet, by comparison happy!
he laughed to himself as he thought how he would hang on to this job!
no one has ever raised that curtain since.
the business meeting that followed fairly bristled with plans.
with such an outline the chances that you could go wrong, in even a long theme on a difficult subject, are slight.
as our house now wanted business on any terms, we joined this noble band; and threw out lures to the hangers-on and outsiders, to bring their business to us.
i parted from him, poor fellow, at the corner of the street, with his great kite at his back, a very monument of human misery.
whether his spirits were elevated by the communication i had made to him, or by his having indulged in this retrospect, i dont know; but they were raised by some influence.
what depends on testimony, like the facts of history and geography which are learnt from books, has varying degrees of certainty according to the nature and extent of the testimony.
that is to say, its criticism of details will only be based upon their relation to other details, not upon some external criterion which can be applied to all the details equally.
and now, says i as the worst thing i can do, caring nothing for myself, ill drag you back.
often and often we pursued these debates until the clock pointed to midnight, and the candles were burning down.
there may be some, perhaps--i dont know that there are--who abuse his kindness, said mr. wickfield.
when in his fifties he wished to write music, he took up for the first time the study of counterpoint.
no better man living to hold fast by what tellson's had in keeping, and to hold his peace.
and to earn my love, my brothers must do more than to have been born.
we shall soon improve our youthful humours.
it was a fight to get a new rig on her; but eventually a harder fight to get it off.
a living dog is better than a dead lion.
otherwise, she might think 'his life was wantonly thrown away or wasted,' and that might trouble her.
is it the tunes or the words or we ourselves?
i could not give her pain by asking what it was, for i knew that she withheld it from me, to spare her father.
they must not give up what was right for a little money--if they did, the money would never do them any good, they could depend upon that.
and indeed, sir, pursued mr. lorry, not minding him, i really don't know what you have to do with the matter.
mrs. pocket they held in contempt; but they allowed the poor soul to have been heavily disappointed in life, because that shed a feeble reflected light upon themselves.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
it is useless to say it, i know, but it rises out of my soul.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
the savannah was the first ship equipped with steam power to cross the atlantic ocean.
two instances of walking have the same name because they resemble each other, whereas two instances of jones have the same name because they are causally connected.
straining his powers of listening to the utmost, he listened for any sound that might denote suspicion or alarm.
for some changes in the fortunes of my friends, i was prepared.
again, i wonder with a sudden fear whether it is likely that our good old clergyman can be wrong, and mr. and miss murdstone right, and that all the angels in heaven can be destroying angels.
accordingly if the debt is of such a kind that no penalties would so attach, there is no religious duty and hence no obligation imposed upon the descendant.
without knowing just what you wish to accomplish, you are likely to write in what may seem a dogged, defiant mood that intends to strike right and left, hoping to wallow through to victory.
these are but a few of the flowers, blooming from early spring to late fall, in the borders, and i have forgotten to mention the little bunch berries from my own woods as an edging plant.
mother may shed tears over parting with johnny, but, after all, he's a boy, and sooner or later must depend upon himself.
then, when we get our deep waterway, that's going to be another big shove toward prosperity.
but to pursue this topic would lead us into difficult technicalities; i shall therefore assume, without further argument, that coherence is not sufficient as a definition of truth.
whether you scold me or approve of me, returned poor biddy, you may equally depend upon my trying to do all that lies in my power, here, at all times.
this all but universal illusion is one of the examples of the magical influence of custom, which is not only, as the proverb says, a second nature, but is continually mistaken for the first.
no sooner did he face her, than miss pross uttered a scream, and clapped her hands.
it was scully who owned the brick-yards and the dump and the ice pond--though jurgis did not know it.
follow your genius closely enough, and it will not fail to show you a fresh prospect every hour.
she might lose her place--she was almost certain to lose it.
afraid of offending him by pursuing the subject when he made so light of it, i only pursued it in my thoughts as we went on at even a quicker pace than before.
i am sure my fancy raised up something round that blue-eyed mite of a child, which etherealized, and made a very angel of her.
moral and social and hence legal phenomena were governed by laws as completely beyond the power of conscious human control as the movements of the planets.
in the moonlight which is always sad, as the light of the sun itself is--as the light called human life is--at its coming and its going.
i hold her hand in mine, i hold her heart in mine, i see her love for me, alive in all its strength.
and if he cant live there, hell die there, sooner than hell overturn the doctors plans.
in the law of property and in the law of commercial transactions it is precisely this general element and its relation to past situations that is decisive.
in the moment of realization, after all his toil and waiting, you cut the ground from under his feet, destroy his idea, and make his gains worthless to him.
but how much would you tell him, herbert?
there is always danger of overwhelming and confusing a person with statistics that in the mass mean little or nothing to him.
natural possession is a conception of pure fact in no degree dependent upon law.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
they would have been married in the beginning, only mikolas has a father who is drunk all day, and he is the only other man in a large family.
i believe that every man who has ever been earnest to preserve his higher or poetic faculties in the best condition has been particularly inclined to abstain from animal food, and from much food of any kind.
whereas the boar had cultivated my good opinion with warm assiduity when i was coming into property, the boar was exceedingly cool on the subject now that i was going out of property.
i had abundant occupation for my thoughts, in every conspicuous landmark on the road.
we are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers.
cried mr. pumblechook, leaning back in his chair, quite flaccid with admiration, thats the way you know em, sir!
you never run up and down stairs for me, all day long.
it is hard for me to speak of her at any time.
this whole experience, when it occurs, may be defined as verification, and as constituting the truth of the expectation.
all right, john, all right, returned the old man, seeing himself spoken to.
there must be also someone who is a married woman, and who is married to the particular man in question.
i could have done very well if i had been without the murdstones; but the influence of the murdstones upon me was like the fascination of two snakes on a wretched young bird.
i looked about me, but there appeared to be now no possible escape from the inquiry, have-ianything to receive, sir?
the second proposition remains true, and is in fact, as we shall see, an immediate consequence of the definition of number.
often, too, they are girls that didn't know what they were coming to, that had hired out for housework.
it is this fact that vitiates much of the cracker-barrel criticism of the country store--subjects are estimated about which the critic is largely ignorant.
shes the most ridiculous creature that ever was born, said my aunt.
in administration regard was to be had to times and men and special circumstances.
one thing i ought to mention, which i like very much in mr. micawber, copperfield.
now the reality was in my hold, i only felt that i was dusty with the dust of small-coal, and that i had a weight upon my daily remembrance to which the anvil was a feather.
my opponent might otherwise have found it necessary to waste long minutes in trying to fathom the unknowable of my scheme.
it is as precious to us as it was to our saxon and norman ancestors.
many are the travellers i have spoken concerning them, describing their tracks and what calls they answered to.
my other piece of advice, copperfield, said mr. micawber, you know.
the carriage was then so far in advance of me that two gentlemen had time to open the door and alight before i came up with it.
and you have, and are bound to have, that tenderness for the life he has risked on your account, that you must save him, if possible, from throwing it away.
by turns our purity inspires and our impurity casts us down.
but this spring it broke up more steadily, as i have said.
you never step on your own toe, do you, or hit yourself in the face--if you can help it?
i gathered from what they said, that an elder sister of his was coming to stay with them, and that she was expected that evening.
but those were capital days, too, in holborn court!
having written to joe, to offer him consolation, and to assure him that i would come to the funeral, i passed the intermediate days in the curious state of mind i have glanced at.
i had almost forgotten that; possibly i have become absent-minded by marriage too!
before galileo, people believed themselves possessed of immense knowledge on all the most interesting questions in physics.
we cannot but pity the boy who has never fired a gun; he is no more humane, while his education has been sadly neglected.
when she was again in his arms, he said to her: and now speak to your father, dearest.
we shall be very considerably astonished!
i understood that centuries of chains and lashes will not kill the spirit of man nor the sense of truth within him.
heres mr. pip, aged parent, said wemmick, and i wish you could hear his name.
in this country, the village should in some respects take the place of the nobleman of europe.
it was worth the while to see the sun shine on these things, and hear the free wind blow on them; so much more interesting most familiar objects look out of doors than in the house.
now, the effect of gyroscopic action is to resist any impulse that tends to move the revolving wheel out of the plane in which it revolves.
now verifiability is by no means the same thing as truth; it is, in fact, something far more subjective and psychological.
mrs. copperfield, sir, i hope shes getting on.
all these horrors afflicted jurgis all the more cruelly, because he was always contrasting them with the opportunities he had lost.
there were assuredly wonderful mysteries about the developing of these things; and then, becoming confidential, mr. finnegan proceeded to tell of some discoveries of his own.
yet such as these even are commonly esteemed good citizens.
it is for you as the writer to make this clear, to show that all the things are related, that they affect each other and interact.
now, said herbert, as the growl resounded in the beam once more, hes down again on his back!
of course any other individual can be substituted for any of these.
the second neither depends on a point of view nor relies on any symbol.
had you any conversation with the prisoner?
i knew it would be so; i knew i could help charles out of all danger; i told lucie so.--what is that noise?
with pleasure, said he, though i venture to prophesy that youll want very few hints.
the spy, who was pale, turned paler, and asked him how he dared-- i'll tell you, said sydney.
theres an account about the people being hungry and discontented down in the north, but they are always being hungry and discontented somewhere.
you are going to see your nurse, i suppose?
i tell you once for all, there is no such thing as an escape possible, said the spy, firmly.
nobody can afford the time to do it on all points.
i shall not see many more new faces in trotwoods stead, wickfield, said the doctor, warming his hands; i am getting lazy, and want ease.
mr. mell having left me while he took his irreparable boots upstairs, i went softly to the upper end of the room, observing all this as i crept along.
our definition declared that the essayist will not try to force his views upon his reader nor hold them too feverishly himself.
for thirty days we have not been here, in our tunnel.
in this very elusiveness is brought out his second great characteristic--steadfastness of purpose.
did you tell him to lock her and bar her in?
what constitutes a nation is a sentiment and an instinct--a sentiment of similarity and an instinct of belonging to the same group or herd.
the mainspring is vanity, assisted by the love of garlic and bread and butter.
he fully admits that the tree must continue to exist even when we shut our eyes or when no human being is near it.
he told me, as he went out of the house, that the god of day had now gone down upon him--and i really thought his heart was broken and mine too.
at seven, says traddles, looking at his plain old silver watch--the very watch he once took a wheel out of, at school, to make a water-mill.
i wouldn't miss these things for worlds.
cousin raymond, observed another lady, we are to love our neighbor.
it seems loath to leave so much honey behind and it marks the place well.
then is it your opinion, i inquired, with some little indignation, that a man should never invest portable property in a friend?
samson and his men complain sometimes, of being exhausted.
for two weeks afterward she suffered cruelly--and yet every day she had to drag herself to her work.
if i could be less affectionate and sensitive, i should have a better digestion and an iron set of nerves.
there was no justice, there was no right, anywhere in it--it was only force, it was tyranny, the will and the power, reckless and unrestrained!
agnes said she was afraid i must have given her an unpromising character; but dora corrected that directly.
he was a coward, from head to foot; and showed his dastardly nature through his sullenness and mortification, as much as at any time of his mean life.
yet as we walked back to the home of the street sweepers, we felt that we wanted to sing, without reason.
aniele had given the entire profit of her chickens for several months.
there was the faintest quivering of the eyelids, and he called again in frenzy: ona!
we went in, wemmick leaving his fishing-rod in the porch, and looked all round.
i wont offer an apology, said wemmick, for he isnt capable of many pleasuresare you, aged p.?
a curious contagion of whispering was upon it, and also, when it gathered together at the fountain in the dark, another curious contagion of looking expectantly at the sky in one direction only.
close to me glared the mouth of the furnace, with masses of silver threads depending from it like the beard of some fiery gulleted ogre--the strings of glass left by the withdrawal of the wand.
denied contemporary renown, he had firmly set his heart on immortality, and quietly, persistently, cannily provided for it.
what i had to say to estella, miss havisham, i will say before you, presentlyin a few moments.
we do not know, but the knowledge struggles within us, struggles to be born.
a ghost-seeing effect in joes own countenance informed me that herbert had entered the room.
again; and returned, followed by the respectable mr. littimer, who, with undiminished respectability, made me a bow, and took up his position behind her.
the waiter coughed, as if he modestly invited me to get over that.
it was simply some boss who proposed to add a little to his income.
bergson tells us that the former is more adapted to the inorganic, the latter more to life.
exclaimed miss betsey, in a tone of amazement i have never heard approached.
the reason for this momentous departure from a life of temporary but deliberate indolence is a lady.
certain common beliefs are undoubtedly excluded from hard data.
said he; thats a comfortable reflection.
my aunt withdrew her eyes from mine, as slowly as she had turned them upon me; and covered them thoughtfully with her hand.
said i, after sitting quiet for a minute.
perhaps you wont, then, be very hard upon me, or surprised if i can be distressed and serious.
miss manette had taken some refreshment on the road, and required none then, and was extremely anxious to see the gentleman from tellson's immediately, if it suited his pleasure and convenience.
said biddy, shaking her head with a sorrowful air.
they play a more gentlemanly game; but the people are still robbed of their rights.
the feathers and wings of birds are still drier and thinner leaves.
but upon this subject it is perhaps better to be silent.
he knew it was the mark of tears as well as i.
trotwood, says agnes, one day after dinner.
monseigneur having eased his four men of their burdens and taken his chocolate, caused the doors of the holiest of holiests to be thrown open, and issued forth.
they start with a definite principle found as the explanation of a concrete case and make it a universal foundation for a general law of property.
what would jortin and smalridge have said?--what seed and south?
but in the first acquisition of knowledge concerning atomic facts, logic is useless.
he comprehended everybody present, in the respectful bow with which he followed these words, and disappeared.
at last, after feeling of the man's fingers and in his necktie, duane whispered, that's all!
about noon he went to the police station to make inquiries, and then came back again for another anxious vigil.
i answered that i had been some time married.
he added in his inward and pondering manner, as he looked at the moon, it was twenty either way, i remember, and the twentieth was difficult to squeeze in.
one can fancy a queer, pitiful look of humor and appeal upon that little scarred face, the funny little dancing figure, the funny little brogue.
everything, in contemplation, that is personal or private, everything that depends upon habit, self-interest, or desire, distorts the object, and hence impairs the union which the intellect seeks.
i give them a fairly thick batter of meal, middlings or oat flour, about half and half, and sour milk.
by all means keep books on your farm-to-table venture, if you undertake it.
he then said with much solemnity: one thing more i have to do, before this separation is complete, and that is to perform an act of justice.
mr. dick secretly shook his head at me, as if he thought there was no getting over this.
if you had nothing more pressing to do than to keep here till dark, thats what i should advise.
consequently speaking, i am not at all afraid of going wherever i may wish, sir.
each night, we run to the ravine, and we remove the stones which we have piled upon the iron grill to hide it from the men.
whether he knew what had happened, whether he recollected what they had said to him, whether he knew that he was free, were questions which no sagacity could have solved.
on sundays, of course, i was to rest also, and i considered these very easy terms.
i would then take a sheet of paper, and write across the top of it, in a neat hand, the heading, memorandum of pips debts; with barnards inn and the date very carefully added.
winter animals when the ponds were firmly frozen, they afforded not only new and shorter routes to many points, but new views from their surfaces of the familiar landscape around them.
to say we see the nerves is like saying we hear the nightingale; both are convenient but inaccurate expressions.
when dora was very childish, and i would have infinitely preferred to humour her, i tried to be grave--and disconcerted her, and myself too.
better to be naturally dora than anything else in the world.
let it stand for this day week, and you shall receive my printed address in the meantime.
it should be noted that probability is always relative to certain data.
it was this, i conceive, which led to the shades being advised by the gallery to turn over!a recommendation which it took extremely ill.
then, forgetting that this was only true when ideas were taken as acts of apprehension, we transfer the proposition that 'ideas are in the mind' to ideas in the other sense, i.e.
it is to be noted that this criticism is something more than mere comment, than mere off-hand remarks.
there's the roll of them dreadful carts!
now, my dear doctor, do look at that silly wife of yours.
as soon as he was released from overlooking uriah heep, whom he kept in such charge as i never saw exceeded, he began to devote himself to mr. wickfield.
mr. micawber may have concealed his difficulties from me in the first instance, but his sanguine temper may have led him to expect that he would overcome them.
also of hearing an old-fashioned clock ticking away on the chimney-piece, and trying to make it keep time to the jerking of my heart,--which it wouldnt.
this view may seem at first exaggerated, but the more our so-called volitions and their causes are examined, the more it is forced upon us.
a sensation fades gradually, passing by continuous gradations to the status of an image.
the locks are old on the doors and there are no guards about.
take, for example, reproduction and the rearing of the young.
says the chief of that company, pointing to the village, 'bring him fast to his tomb!'
neither the word nor what it names is one of the ultimate indivisible constituents of the world.
i picture my aunt relenting, and blessing us; and mr. dick and doctor strong being present at the marriage ceremony.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
and such a kind must contain whatever is worth having in free will, since it is impossible to believe that mere ignorance can be the essential condition of any good thing.
the impression made on a wise man is that of universal innocence.
it was not difficult for one who knew the city well, to find his house without asking any question.
now, would it not be better that he should let it go?
it was with considerable difficulty that i won him over to the assumption of a dress more like a prosperous farmers; and we arranged that he should cut his hair close, and wear a little powder.
trust me, child, such things must shrink very much, before they can be measured off in that way.
so successful a watch and ward had been established over the young lady by this judicious parent, that she had grown up highly ornamental, but perfectly helpless and useless.
i soon fell asleep before wemmicks fire, and the aged and i enjoyed one anothers society by falling asleep before it more or less all day.
but a world where two and two make five seems quite on a different level.
being an unattached and, as it were, unprotected male, she plans little excursions about london to keep me instructed and entertained.
nay, the law began to make men act affirmatively upon their property in fashions which it dictated, where the general health was endangered by non-action.
papa calls her my confidential friend, but i am sure she is no such thing--is she, jip?
thass whuzzamatter now--thass why i'm here!
looking out to ascertain for what, i saw, to my amazement, peggotty burst from a hedge and climb into the cart.
but, the stars were shining beyond the mist, and the moon was coming, and the evening was not dark.
either of these might be called an 'idea'; probably either would have been called an idea by berkeley.
steerforth approved of him highly, and told us he was a brick.
said the traveller then, moving to the brow of the hill.
this veneration mr. dick extended to the doctor, whom he thought the most subtle and accomplished philosopher of any age.
he particularly reverenced the writer and the preacher.
whenever possible, except when actual beliefs are in question, it is generally a simplification to deal with propositions.
only forty-five minutes a day in a factory schoolroom is required to accomplish such striking results.
he twists the blade with his blunders, he blunts the blade, he chips it, dulls it, or breaks it clean off at the tip.
he then proceeds to consider common objects, such as a tree, for instance.
at length you slowly raise, pulling hand over hand, some horned pout squeaking and squirming to the upper air.
the booths are rapidly filling with produce.
let me confess exactly with what feelings i looked forward to joes coming.
having the reason that i had for being suspicious, i even suspected this poor actor.
to repay my confidence with systematic deception, for her sake, and quit me for her!
several gentlemen were much affected; and a third questioner, forcing himself to the front, inquired with extreme feeling: how do you find the beef?
she looked so extraordinarily earnest and pretty, that i stopped in a sort of wonder; and they all observed her at the same time, for as i stopped, they laughed and looked at her.
we can expect an egg for breakfast, or merely entertain the supposition that there may be an egg for breakfast.
there were two bunks, one above the other, each with a straw mattress and a pair of gray blankets--the latter stiff as boards with filth, and alive with fleas, bedbugs, and lice.
there was a change in the appearance of saint antoine; the image had been hammering into this for hundreds of years, and the last finishing blows had told mightily on the expression.
the young women at the country club, whenever they saw him coming, made bets as to whether he would talk mosquitoes--and he always did.
no fight could have been half so terrible as this dance.
persons of genius, it is true, are, and are always likely to be, a small minority; but in order to have them, it is necessary to preserve the soil in which they grow.
not that we are ashamed of them; far be it from such.
it would, therefore, be irrelevant and out of place to examine here, whether the doctrine of tyrannicide deserves that title.
they shook hands upon it, and sydney turned away.
i try it with these details, and i see them all, in this my cell in the bastille, near the close of the tenth year of my captivity, as i saw them all that night.
there was the host himself, a tall, athletic young man, clad in evening dress, as also was the editor, a dyspeptic-looking gentleman named maynard.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
there is the same need of an infallible judge of opinions to decide an opinion to be noxious, as to decide it to be false, unless the opinion condemned has full opportunity of defending itself.
he bunks that night in the windy city and then spends thirty-two hours going back again to new york.
i must be a prisoner for a little while, said agnes, but here are the old books, trotwood, and the old music.
sir, said mr. micawber, you are exceedingly obliging.
a broken crate of tangerine oranges has spilled its contents in a splash of ruddy gold on the plank runway.
it shows that you dont expect, as many elderly people do expect, old heads on young shoulders.
and now let me have a look at my gentleman agen.
it is such considerations that make students of psychophysiology materialistic in their methods, whatever they may be in their metaphysics.
its only necessary to consider his history here, said traddles, to know that.
love some good girl that will be what i was once to uncle, and be true to you, and worthy of you, and know no shame but me.
a town is saved, not more by the righteous men in it than by the woods and swamps that surround it.
i was still giddy with the shock of my mothers death, and in a kind of stunned state as to all tributary things.
outlines are of three kinds: those that show the topic relations by division into indented headings; those that show the sequence of paragraphs by statement of the topic sentence; and those that combine these two forms.
this is shown by cromwell's saying, in the height of the conflict, that he would rather be subject to the dominion of the royalists than to that of the scotch.
the stranger looked at me again,still cocking his eye, as if he were expressly taking aim at me with his invisible gun,and said, hes a likely young parcel of bones that.
now, handel,in short, my dear boy, will you come to me?
the sidewalk in front of the house was a platform made of half-rotten boards, about five feet above the level of the sunken street.
if he had been my brothers own boy, returned miss murdstone, striking in, his character, i trust, would have been altogether different.
you get at your mouth better (which after all is the object), and you save a good deal of the attitude of opening oysters, on the part of the right elbow.
and although acquaintance with a thing is involved in our knowing any one proposition about a thing, knowledge of its 'nature', in the above sense, is not involved.
i had trouble on this score, and as a result my chickens were dark and did not present an appetizing appearance.
i have delivered that letter, said charles darnay to mr. lorry.
not long ago, i went to a conference on vocational guidance.
and this army of graft had, of course, to be maintained the year round.
firmness of structure can and should be maintained even though the strongest emphasis is at the beginning.
i am going to try to get the place of mistress in the new school nearly finished here.
my dooty here, sir, said mr. peggotty, is done.
as joe got on his coat, he mustered courage to propose that some of us should go down with the soldiers and see what came of the hunt.
nor, did miss havishams manner towards estella in anywise change, except that i believed it to have something like fear infused among its former characteristics.
if i did any wrong, as i may have done much, i did it in mistaken love, and in my want of wisdom.
this knowledge scarcely rises into consciousness, except in a person who cannot read easily.
look at our handsome houses and clubs and public buildings.
whatever people believe, on subjects on which it is of the first importance to believe rightly, they ought to be able to defend against at least the common objections.
it never could have been bewitching, davy.
theoretically, she was already as good a blacksmith as i, or better.
the two were kept apart, and each walked surrounded by a separate guard.
she cried, bursting into passionate tears.
her idea was my refuge in disappointment and distress, and made some amends to me, even for the loss of my friend.
for the truth of this, i appealed to traddles.
the transition from the pioneer to the steel sleeping car of today was not accomplished in a single step.
her hope had been to avert the wrath of heaven from a house that had long been hateful to the suffering many.
darnay complied, and was taken back to the guard-house, where other patriots in rough red caps were smoking, drinking, and sleeping, by a watch-fire.
in the following selection how many definitions occur, or how many things are defined?
we there defined a perception as an appearance, however irregular, of one or more objects external to the brain.
when i find myself, however, among persons of middle age and settled principles, see them moving regularly to their offices--what keeps them going?
some hold each other tightly, some at a cautious distance.
the statute was thought of as but the lawmaker's formulation of a principle of natural law.
it would have been better for the happiness of all parties, if doras mama, when she married our brother francis, had mentioned plainly what her intentions were.
but the visit had its unforeseen consequences; and of a serious sort, too, in their way.
but strangely in contrast with the violent outlines of her tudor temper stood the sensuous, self-indulgent nature she derived from anne boleyn.
vun dollar und a quarter, und a day like dis!--but you understand now--you vill pay me de rest of twenty-five dollars soon?
he stared at her with a fearful look, and after a while his lips began to form some words, though no sound proceeded from them.
had the birds, carrying some grains of it to a distance, dropped one over him as they sow chance seeds?
it was nothing that the decree bore date since his return to france.
up to this time i had remained standing, not to disguise that i wished him gone.
there are broadly three theories that might be held in regard to them.
after the burns and freckles of summer one is in need of something.
one could not stand and watch very long without becoming philosophical, without beginning to deal in symbols and similes, and to hear the hog squeal of the universe.
trial had proved that spruce was the only suitable wood for the pulp.
in the 'eighties, this old french-southern-german city began to recover from the ruin of her southern trade.
let it suffice to indicate that many oriental rugs, like people, have marked facial distinctions, and that many others have marked peculiarities of body and finish, that make them easy to recognize.
such feelings make it easy to organize a nation into a state.
we are both good watermen, handel, and could take him down the river ourselves when the right time comes.
one of the plainest cases of verification, perhaps ultimately the only case, consists in the happening of something expected.
said defarge, in a determined voice, are we ready?
we would all be gentlefolks together, then.
this flower-pot and stand, she bought herself.
it is, he says, thoughts in this sense that are essential to thinking.
as to altering my way of living by enlarging my expenses, i put it to him whether in our present unsettled and difficult circumstances, it would not be simply ridiculous, if it were no worse?
i think it occurred to me that i had already begun it, in my poor way: but it occurs to me now, whether or no.
it is clear to him that the moral problem concerns the perfection, not of society, not of the masses of men, but of the great individual.
that the secret was still a secret, except that you had got wind of it.
he had published a pamphlet about it, and set out to organize a party of his own, when a stray socialist leaflet had revealed to him that others had been ahead of him.
real life often furnishes events sufficiently mysterious to make a special feature story that rivals fiction.
jurgis went closer yet, but keeping on the other side of the street.
he was quite able to bear his sufferings--it was as if he had all these complaints to show what a prodigy of health he was.
when questions come to puzzle us, we walk faster, then turn and forget all things as we watch the golden one following.
indeed, except for the mere act of bringing a troublesome creature into this world--which does not go far towards the realisation of the name of mother--there was no such thing known to the fashion.
it is necessary, however, to distinguish between the vague and the general.
an explanation of the cotton gin might present the woeful waste of time before the gin was invented and then show how the invention annuls that waste.
in fact, he had never killed one so utterly.
why, you see, masr davy, he rejoined, in a hesitating manner, emly, shes talking to some un in here.
thus the nearer view gives us more valuable information, and the distant view is causally dependent upon it in a sense in which it is not causally dependent upon the distant view.
how to learn to swim--the humor, or the grim determination.
i believe i had a delirious idea of seizing the red-hot poker out of the fire, and running him through with it.
we do not feel this as regards the immediate objects of sense: there they are, and as far as their momentary existence is concerned, no further argument is required.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
he was willing enough, but my sister was good and virtuous, and hated his brother with a hatred as strong as mine.
the closely serried ranks are rigid and moveless.
it is one thing to draw a map at random, set a scale in one corner of it at a venture, and write up a story to the measurements.
youd be everybodys master, if you durst, retorted orlick, with an ill-favored grin.
but there was a certain dash and glare about him that caught her.
why so i can, if i choose, said i. daisy, if anything should ever separate us, you must think of me at my best, old boy.
good day to you, too, maam, said my aunt, turning suddenly upon his sister.
to this lodging he at once removed lucie and her child, and miss pross: giving them what comfort he could, and much more than he had himself.
this raises a difficult question, partly concerned with the use of words, but partly also of real importance in understanding the function of philosophy.
so i in point of fact desire of literature, just as you guessed, precisely those things of which i most poignantly and most constantly feel the lack in my own life.
if i do so, for the time, whose fault is that?
he was past both colleges, mr. chillip said, and the hall could only poison him.
the old remembrance that had been recalled to me, was in his look.
but the forge was a very short distance off, and i went towards it under the sweet green limes, listening for the clink of joes hammer.
news editors and their assignments be damned.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
he was young, hungry-looking, full of fire; and as he swung his long arms and beat up the crowd, to jurgis he seemed the very spirit of the revolution.
these may seem selfish considerations; but you can't, in sound morals, condemn a man for taking care of his own integrity.
until you feel a similar thrill of sharing experience with your hero, do not write about him.
martha, he replied, got married, masr davy, in the second year.
i shook hands with mr. peggotty, and passed into the kitchen, while he softly closed the door.
such is the artistry of the piece; such the perfection of its production.
no, miss, returned jerry, it shall not be named to you.
there were the old signs, the old names over the shops, the old people serving in them.
this essential incompleteness appears, according to hegel, equally in the world of thought and in the world of things.
beyond that minimum, there should be voluntary examinations on all subjects, at which all who come up to a certain standard of proficiency might claim a certificate.
as mrs. b. entertained a great deal, especially at luncheon, she arranged to have the schedule of the two assistants overlap at this time of day.
we are more afraid of you than of these others.
i am well prepared, but there are precautions to be taken, that could not be taken until he was actually summoned before the tribunal.
i can recall but one work of a contemporary mentioned favorably in the biography; perhaps there are two.
let us take as an instance the telling of some remembered event.
his dialogues, which contain what was immortal in him, lie on the next shelf, and yet i never read them.
he left the messengers at the gate, and saw them admitted by the porter.
in narration the natural order is chronological.
the poor old doctor, like the greek scholars and the professional men of science, had blunted his wits by too much research.
i did not know at first but it was the result of a wise policy.
in another case he had to dig and invent to meet a peculiar situation.
the piece of ordnance referred to, was mounted in a separate fortress, constructed of lattice-work.
why, yes, i said, i must see peggotty first of all.
they told me that they had some in the ice-houses at fresh pond five years old which was as good as ever.
the third general purpose that a writer may have is to give his readers sufficiently explicit information to enable them to do for themselves what has been done by others.
some use a separate slip for each note, and much can be said in commendation of this system.
humble, humble--condescending even to poor dick, who is simple and knows nothing.
whatever else you do, prize that characteristic as the jewel of your criticism's soul, and so sharply define, limit, characterize that your reader's impression will be not the slightest blurred.
is it not true, said i, that bentley drummle is in town here, and pursuing you?
he could not bear me; and in putting me from him he tried, as i believe, to put away the notion that i had any claim upon him--and succeeded.
more recently, when a beruffled basket was waiting, he developed an alarming trick of stealing in there to try it, so i fitted that door with a hook, insuring a crack impervious to dogs.
when at last the place was jammed and they shut the doors, half the crowd was still outside; and jurgis, with his helpless arm, was among them.
the old gentleman being still in a state of most estimable unconsciousness, the bridegroom cried out in his accustomed voice, now aged p. you know; who giveth?
appropriate action, during the period of expectation, may be regarded as additional verification, but is not essential.
can't you do it for me, jurgis asked, and pretend that you didn't know who i'd hit?
inexplicable, for example, this pious return of the outbound bishop at the last battle-cry of the king.
you have no business to be incorrigible, was his friend's answer, delivered in no very soothing tone.
but our defarge, said jacques three, is undoubtedly a good republican?
do you know that we have followed you a long way tonight?
but now he desired all sorts of other things, and suffered because he had to do without them.
there, he laid her down on a couch, where her child and miss pross wept over her.
nobody will suspect jerry of being anything but an english bull-dog, or of having any design in his head but to fly at anybody who touches his master.
that about the price of wheat per bushel, i modestly felt was too much for my strength, and quite settled the question.
if there are any to whom it is no interruption to acquire these things, and who know how to use them when acquired, i relinquish to them the pursuit.
there was spurring and splashing through the darkness, and bridle was drawn in the space by the village fountain, and the horse in a foam stood at monsieur gabelle's door.
i really think i saw tears rise to his eyes, from the depth of his own feeling of all this.
is it likely that the trouble of one wife and mother would be much to us now?
he went some summers to pittsfield where he had a summer house, and where the sparkling berkshire air seemed to suit his effervescent mind.
and if it is justified, then there is no further difficulty of principle in that vast extension of our knowledge, beyond our own private data, which we find in science and common sense.
when they have reached the food and eaten it, their discomfort ceases and their sensations become pleasurable.
the women took it as a joke, as if they were used to it--though if they had been pale, one could not have told, for the paint on their cheeks.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tms goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
do you really mean you had ever rented it?
no, no, no my friend; not to the top of the column; you know better than that; to the bottom, to the bottom.
except in the case of the very little chaps, the masters are not disturbed.
she said she had tried to exert herself, and so, i have no doubt, she had.
apparently not, for he became gloomy again.
they were not sure that it was unpleasant, this odor; some might have called it sickening, but their taste in odors was not developed, and they were only sure that it was curious.
a display of habit has two sorts of causes: (a) the past occurrences which generated the habit, (b) the present occurrence which brings it into play.
human beings owe to each other help to distinguish the better from the worse, and encouragement to choose the former and avoid the latter.
he looked at me sideways, and said with his hardest grin, you mean mother.
i have heerd that my son is a wonderful hand at his business, sir?
i should be happy, myself, to propose two months--three--an indefinite period, in fact--but i have a partner.
only her father and mr. lorry were with her.
as to the writing, it has its own charms, aunt.
to be successful, the essay must overcome the reader's inertia and make him feel that he is actually sharing in things that he enjoys.
dora was the reward, and dora must be won.
not to be mentioned in little britain, said i. wemmick nodded.
the little fellow was now really the one delight that jurgis had in the world--his one hope, his one victory.
he nodded to jurgis, and then, as the keeper closed the door upon him, began gazing critically about him.
the first is that, if many particular instances are known, our general proposition may be arrived at in the first instance by induction, and the connexion of universals may be only subsequently perceived.
when we have seen that a tree is a beech, we do not need to look again in order to ascertain whether it is also not a beech; thought alone makes us know that this is impossible.
my aunt, being uncommonly neat and ingenious, made so many little improvements in our domestic arrangements, that i seemed to be richer instead of poorer.
honor to those brave warriors who, through countless ages of warfare, have preserved for us the priceless heritage of liberty, and have kept undefiled by sacrilegious invaders the home of the unsubdued.
there were fifteen or twenty such pens, and it was a matter of only a couple of minutes to knock fifteen or twenty cattle and roll them out.
a fellow like our friend the spider, answered mr. jaggers, either beats or cringes.
this inflexible veracity is the rarest and the most precious virtue in politics.
how can it really serve me in my writing?
and i might have gone, my dear herbert, but for the prospect of taking counsel with your friendship and affection.
we come now to our third question, namely: what reason can be given for believing that causal laws will hold in future, or that they have held in unobserved portions of the past?
the last century would have eliminated individualization of application.
she is in a garden; and near her stands a sharp, dark, withered woman, with a white scar on her lip.
but, the friendly dawn appearing at last, and the rush-candles of the village guttering out, the people happily dispersed, and monsieur gabelle came down bringing his life with him for that while.
the indirect question naturally lacks the force of the direct one, but it may be employed when a less striking form of beginning is desired.
hes a wonderful man, without his living likeness; but i feel that i have to screw myself up when i dine with him,and i dine more comfortably unscrewed.
dora lies smiling on us, and is beautiful, and utters no hasty or complaining word.
well, i shall be quite happy in my opinion of him, from this time.
afterward they went outside, wandering about among the mazes of buildings in which was done the work auxiliary to this great industry.
if i were thankful to my husband for no more, instead of for so much, i should be thankful to him for having saved me from the first mistaken impulse of my undisciplined heart.
it has never been attributed to you, i returned, earnestly responding to her earnestness.
but it was a long, long time before it became the sweetest of realities.
now the air is filled with gorgeous smell of roasting coffee.
i asked, determined not to yield an inch of the fire.
unlike his nephew, he never associates the almighty with his right to rule, though he associates him with his rule.
and it seems to us that our spirit is clear as a lake troubled by no eyes save those of the sun.
well, but i really do wonder, maam, said peggotty.
here was one more difficulty for him to meet and conquer!
but in most exposition when emotional appeal is overlooked the writing suffers.
we have torn ourselves from the truth which is our brother men, and there is no road back for us, and no redemption.
the migrating buffalo, which seeks new pastures in another latitude, is not extravagant like the cow which kicks over the pail, leaps the cow-yard fence, and runs after her calf, in milking time.
i should not have been averse to do so, but that i imagined i detected trouble, and calculation relative to the extent of the cold meat, in mrs. micawbers eye.
i dare say i am a capricious fellow, david.
by closing the eyes and slumbering, and consenting to be deceived by shows, men establish and confirm their daily life of routine and habit everywhere, which still is built on purely illusory foundations.
all human activity springs from two sources: impulse and desire.
it may prevent some persons laying under suspicion alonger me.
you are not ashamed of the face that has done so much?
you are engaged at three o'clock; you are going to see the batch of to-day executed.--you?
among those who were stirring in the shops, i saw my ancient enemy the butcher, now advanced to top-boots and a baby, and in business for himself.
then he clenched his hands and took a step toward her.
or, what would allow the best and highest in me to have fair-play, and enable it to grow and thrive?
her life had hardly begun--and here she lay murdered--mangled, tortured to death!
there was an answer expected, was there, mr. barkis?
and i dont dine, because im going to dine at the ladys.
this is called a negative community to distinguish it from affirmative ownership by co-owners.
tea room maryanntnet--picture of shepherds dancing--ruysdael--twenty-three thousan'!
i was beginning to remind her that to-day was wednesday, when she checked me with her former impatient movement of the fingers of her right hand.
slight displacements of the raging sea, made by the falling wounded.
theers one thing furder, masr davy, said he, putting his hand in his breast-pocket, and gravely taking out the little paper bundle i had seen before, which he unrolled on the table.
the remnants of the family had quite a celebration that night; and in the morning jurgis was at the place half an hour before the time of opening.
if you mean, miss havisham, what have you done to injure me, let me answer.
i would have taken my leave for the night, but he would not hear of my doing that until the strangers bell should ring.
if you could kindly mention now, for instance, what nine times ninepence are, or how many shillings in twenty guineas, it would be so encouraging.
the usual noises, mr. cruncher replied; and looked surprised by the question and by her aspect.
she would clasp me round the neck and laugh, the while, as if i did it for a wager.
the plan went through, and one of the laws passed compels an objecting property owner to open drains which are necessary for the relief of his neighbors.
miss betsey, without taking the least notice of the interruption, continued to address herself to mr. murdstone as if there had been no such thing.
he was pale and shivering--but they were made up with cosmetics, and had studied the art of chattering their teeth.
when i saw them glancing at me out of the windows, as they went up to their classes, i felt distinguished, and looked more melancholy, and walked slower.
ought we therefore to lay on no taxes, and, under whatever provocation, make no wars?
he had opened, not only the glass window, but the lattice blind outside it, and he had closed both again, and he shivered through his frame.
i was excessively anxious to get mr. micawber away; and replied, with my hat in my hand, and a very red face, i have no doubt, that i was a pupil at doctor strongs.
repeated madame, nodding firmly; but my dear!
here, an excited woman screeched from the crowd: you were one of the best patriots there.
this is one of the fundamental differences between physics and psychology; and to make it clear has been the main purpose of this lecture.
it seems to me that there are at least three kinds of belief, namely memory, expectation and bare assent.
what sort of space is that which separates a man from his fellows and makes him solitary?
carton's negligent recklessness of manner came powerfully in aid of his quickness and skill, in such a business as he had in his secret mind, and with such a man as he had to do with.
this is my purse, and you are to pay my charges out of it.
when i looks for you, i finds your uncle provis, eh?
said this lady, with an abruptness of manner quite my sisters.
and since the enemy lacks machine guns, we shall use many of them and catch him where he is weak and may be terrified.
as if political liberty made wage slavery any the more tolerable!
red whisker pretended he could make a salad (which i dont believe), and obtruded himself on public notice.
even then, it is not a foreign government, but the very government assailed, which alone, in the exercise of self-defence, can legitimately punish attacks directed against its own existence.
if compeyson were alive and should discover his return, i could hardly doubt the consequence.
correct speech does not of itself afford any better evidence of mental content than the performance of any other set of biologically useful movements, such as those of flight or combat.
he names individuals among them (myself included), whom he could undertake to settle with one hand, and the other tied behind him.
a moment afterwards we are again eyeing him.
my neighbors did not thus salute me, but first looked at me, and then at one another, as if i had returned from a long journey.
why the jailer does not leave open his prison doors,why the judge does not dismis his case,why the preacher does not dismiss his congregation!
it does not seem on the surface to be the same process as when a text of the digest is so applied or limited or distinguished.
nobody had come out at the gate with us, nobody went in at the gate with me.
i am glad to know that my mother cried too, and that i felt her heart beat against mine.
mrs. wemmick, more heedful of the future, put her white gloves in her pocket and assumed her green.
the prisoner was as open in his confidence with me--which arose out of my helpless situation--as he was kind, and good, and useful to my father.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
we lay side by side on the floor, now piled with straw.
this contrasting of them with the rest seemed, i was glad to see, to do them good with her.
but the american novel, which multiplies past counting, remains an inferior production.
they had no money to spend for the pleasure of spending, but there were a few absolutely necessary things, and the buying of these was a perpetual adventure for ona.
failing in this direction, i return to the oak again, and then perceive the bees going out in a small crack in the tree.
of their all closing about dora, when at last she begins to say good-bye, looking, with their bright colours and ribbons, like a bed of flowers.
i do not myself believe that there is any value in this threefold division of the contents of mind.
his forehead is high and narrow, his hair mouse-colored.
i was to leave our village at five in the morning, carrying my little hand-portmanteau, and i had told joe that i wished to walk away all alone.
rail-making certainly does seem to be easy when stated in its simplest terms; it also seems attractive from a business standpoint.
high on its narrow trestle it leaps across my little river and disappears between the sandbanks.
the young fellow was so glad to see jurgis that he almost hugged him.
a smell of fresh ink comes to me, and a paper just off the press is slapped down on my desk.
each load looks as if it contained the contents of a dozen shanties; and if one shanty is poor, this is a dozen times as poor.
and look at the way she and the little sallie there sung for us.
why do american writers turn their backs on life, miss its intensities, its significance?
mr. peggotty, taken aback, looked from mrs. gummidge to me, and from me to mrs. gummidge, as if he had been awakened from a sleep.
it is chiefly of the second kind that we shall treat here.
it is not usual to cancel articles for any such reason.
the ingot seemed almost a living thing; it did not want to run this mad course, but it was in the grip of fate, it was tumbled on, screeching and clanking and shivering in protest.
both get very comfortable fees, and altogether they make a mighty snug little party.
oh, master copperfield, with what a pure affection do i love the ground my agnes walks on!
to define accurately what this means, we proceed as follows.
if you have come here to thank me, it was not necessary.
and the thunder of them altogether as they bang over the stones is like the music of the spheres.
he was the child of his parents' youth and joy; he grew up like the conjurer's rosebush, and all the world was his oyster.
similarly, it used to be felt that the parts of geometry which depend upon the axiom of parallels have less certainty than the parts which are independent of this premiss.
queer old taverns, public houses, are here, too.
it was as if his family had been wiped out of existence; as if they were proving to be dream people, who never had existed at all.
i confess, that practically speaking, when i have learned a mans real disposition, i have no hopes of changing it for the better or worse in this state of existence.
events of later date have floated from me to the shore where all forgotten things will reappear, but this stands like a high rock in the ocean.
in that quarry, or, rather, in the rank grass bordering it, grow thousands of solidago rigida, the big, flat-topped goldenrod.
the dragon was sunning himself down in the valley.
all that i had ever seen in him of an unyielding, wilful spirit, i saw in her.
said my aunt to peggotty, who quailed before her awful presence.
there remains one very important point concerning images, which will occupy us much hereafter, and that is, their resemblance to previous sensations.
i am sure you wont be, when you learn that agnes is not unhappy in any attachment.
there was a stage, that evening, when she spoke collectedly of what had happened, though with a certain terrible vivacity.
during the last fortnight, some new trouble has vexed her; and she has been in and out of london every day.
as to took up on suspicion, that was twice or three times in the four or five year that it lasted; but evidence was wanting.
the argument against him is not conclusive, since he may be able to show some valid way of inferring our awareness.
presently, if there is another swarm in the woods, robber-bees appear.
but scully's out of town, the other answered.
dear miss trotwood, is that all the history?
i will endeavor to speak a good word for the truth.
accuracy of response in regard to any particular kind of stimulus is improved by practice.
for if it is true that any white boy has the potential opportunity of becoming president of the united states, it is equally true that any black boy may become the autocrat of the pullman car.
its other name was satis; which is greek, or latin, or hebrew, or all threeor all one to mefor enough.
my inn had once been a part of an ancient ecclesiastical house, and i dined in a little octagonal common-room, like a font.
do they promote or do they impede social interdependence through similarity of interest and division of labor?
i could not help feeling, though she mingled her tears with mine, that she had a dreadful luxury in our afflictions.
and not only these acts, but the dispositions which lead to them, are properly immoral, and fit subjects of disapprobation which may rise to abhorrence.
you would have admired him as much as we all do.
his discussion of the philosophical foundation of property was meant as a preliminary to consideration of the title of states to their territorial domain.
i had no lock nor bolt but for the desk which held my papers, not even a nail to put over my latch or windows.
never mind your having no enjoyment of women's society, nor understanding of it, nor tact for it.
good day, pip, said mr. jaggers, offering his hand; glad to have seen you.
headlines or titles, illustrations, and names of authors are the three things that first catch the eye of the reader as he turns over the pages of a newspaper or magazine.
my love, the staircase is as still as death.
jurgis and his men sprang upon one of the trucks, and the driver yelled to the crowd, and they went thundering away at a gallop.
no, said the old gentleman; the warehousing, the warehousing.
i kept myself to myself and my thoughts.
mr. dick had regularly assisted at our councils, with a meditative and sage demeanour.
on examination, the data are found to be complex, rather vague, and largely interdependent logically.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
a great woman, said he, a strong woman, a grand woman, a frightfully grand woman!
you have a good deal of intelligence for a little fellow, he said, with a grave smile that belonged to him, and you understood me very well, i see.
the candle for me, tiny, mortal, warm, and brave, a golden lily on a silver stem!
i cared not how long the day might be, nor how many of them.
his own account of his adventures, written without intended publication, is worth consideration.
the word 'now' stands for a particular, namely the present moment; but like pronouns, it stands for an ambiguous particular, because the present is always changing.
there is confessedly a strong tendency in the modern world towards a democratic constitution of society, accompanied or not by popular political institutions.
in the hunted air of the people there was yet some wild-beast thought of the possibility of turning at bay.
the new weapons will be put into the field against germany at the earliest possible day.
by courtesy of the publishers, the grolier society, london.
i have pictured my daughter, to myself, as perfectly forgetful of me--rather, altogether ignorant of me, and unconscious of me.
once more men held as a living tenet that all positive law was declaratory of natural law and got its real authority from the rules of natural law which it declared.
saintliness had a new incarnation in about every third person i knew.
does the article contain any material that seems unnecessary to the accomplishment of the purpose?
my friend mr. thomas traddles has, on two several occasions, put his name, if i may use a common expression, to bills of exchange for my accommodation.
this i gave to the town-clerk; and he has it.
i had been so much astonished already, that i only felt a kind of resigned wonder when mr. littimer walked forth, reading a good book!
have it carried half a quarter of an inch towards the temple, said miss mowcher.
that was what the girls asked themselves.
it ain't quite the same, the farmer answered, seeing the point.
she looked so beautiful in the purity of her faith in this lost man, that her husband could have looked at her as she was for hours.
our lesson is, that there are two richmonds, one in surrey and one in yorkshire, and that mine is the surrey richmond.
under existing circumstances, there is no place like a great city when you are once in it.
the city inspector of sidewalks was a barkeeper at the war whoop cafe--and maybe he could make it uncomfortable for any tradesman who did not stand in with scully!
then i told him all i knew, and how i knew it; with the one reservation that i left him to infer that i knew from miss havisham what i in fact knew from wemmick.
i have made it, thus far, with no purpose of suppressing any of my thoughts; for, as i have elsewhere said, this narrative is my written memory.
yes, i am to rest here a little, and i am to drink some tea, and you are to take care of me the while.
in spite of these complications, the general nature of the formal correspondence which makes truth is clear from our instances.
you are a dissipated fellow, as all the world knows, he said, with an effort at a smile, and i am afraid youll oblige me to get rid of you.
then he added, raising his voice, i grieve to inform the society--in secret.
i am wont to think that men are not so much the keepers of herds as herds are the keepers of men, the former are so much the freer.
the aggregate circulation of daily newspapers in the united states is close to forty million copies.
you must not allow your father to take such a mad step.
and we answered: we will not tell you.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
'gentlemen,' i returned, 'i am that doctor manette of whom you speak so graciously.'
the simplest kind of judgment underlying the perception that a buttercup is yellow would seem to be the perception of similarity in two colours seen simultaneously.
my only assistant was a young irish woman whom i had engaged for one month as waitress, with the understanding that if my venture succeeded i would engage her permanently.
bad eyesight has been urged for years as a cause of backwardness and incorrigibility in school children.
and even when he had done all that, and had gone all round the jack-towel, he took out his penknife and scraped the case out of his nails before he put his coat on.
or is it unimportant how many foggy days there are in his life?
come on, and have it out in plain words!
which i take to meanmake kneaded bread thus.
so jurgis went on meditating; until finally, when he had been an hour or two in the hall, there began to prepare itself a repetition of the dismal catastrophe of the night before.
an expert can always understand plain english; a layman, on the other hand, can soon become hopelessly bewildered in a sea of technicalities.
i told you from the first it was a toss-up.
he lies here, in this corner of the carriage.
i find it very curious to see my own infant face, looking up at me from the crocodile stories; and to be reminded by it of my old acquaintance brooks of sheffield.
the true expository biographer will conceal nothing that is significant, whether he wishes, in spite of himself, perhaps, that it did not exist.
a pocket camera so equipped is very convenient.
truly, we are deep thinkers, we are ambitious spirits!
steerforth continued his protection of me, and proved a very useful friend; since nobody dared to annoy one whom he honoured with his countenance.
we sat down to dinner, with some half-dozen little girls; and he seemed but the shadow of his handsome picture on the wall.
so many tens of thousands already in the city, homeless and begging for work, and now several thousand more added to them!
some had books to read and cards to play, with candles to burn by night, but jurgis was all alone in darkness and silence.
it was sufficiently late in the year for the orchards to be ruddy with ripe apples; and in a few places the hop-pickers were already at work.
my aunt was as happy as i was, in the arrangement made for me; and we went down to the drawing-room again, well pleased and gratified.
through an infinity of our natures, we suppose a case, and put ourselves into it, and hence are in two cases at the same time, and it is doubly difficult to get out.
there are some intervals which border the strain of the wood-thrush, to which i would migratewild lands where no settler has squatted; to which, methinks, i am already acclimated.
he might possibly have sued the company, and got some damages for his injuries, but he did not know this, and it was not the company's business to tell him.
a half-dressed boatman, standing next me, pointed with his bare arm (a tattood arrow on it, pointing in the same direction) to the left.
if you have known him long, you know it, i am sure, much better than i can inform you.
cried mr. trabb at this point, in a depressed business-like voice.
the key to the identification of this most difficult rug family is to be found in the turkish prayer rugs.
sir, said he, with tears starting to his weather-beaten face, which, with his trembling lips, was ashy pale, will you come over yonder?
i dont think i should have done so, if i had been miss havisham.
a slight frown and a laconic yes, were the answer.
the table-cloths, and pillow-cases, and articles of that kind, are what discourage me most, copperfield.
exactly similar remarks apply to expectations.
and these qualities he requires and exercises exactly in proportion as the part of his conduct which he determines according to his own judgment and feelings is a large one.
it was worth any money to see wemmick waving a salute to me from the other side of the moat, when we might have shaken hands across it with the greatest ease.
there were barrels of money for the use of those who could deliver the goods; and jurgis might count upon mike scully, who had never yet gone back on a friend.
the pupils then entered among themselves upon a competitive examination on the subject of boots, with the view of ascertaining who could tread the hardest upon whose toes.
her voice died away into a wail--then he heard her sobbing again, my god--let me die, let me die!
the only one who was not afraid of a cut was marija, who congratulated herself, somewhat naively, that there had been one in her place only a short time before she came.
the writer's opportunity to influence the mental, moral, and sthetic ideals of hundreds of thousands of readers is much greater than he often realizes.
the gloomy taint that was in the murdstone blood, darkened the murdstone religion, which was austere and wrathful.
no, she answered, i'm not married, but i've got a good place.
he decides, let us suppose, to go to a certain place, whereupon he proceeds to the station, takes his ticket and enters the train.
that i could not absolutely pledge myself to like it, until i knew something more about it.
has been here some days--three or four--i don't know how many--i can't collect my thoughts.
but if it should appear, on examination, to be at least as fallible as intellect, its greater subjective certainty becomes a demerit, making it only the more irresistibly deceptive.
an accidental circumstance cemented the intimacy between steerforth and me, in a manner that inspired me with great pride and satisfaction, though it sometimes led to inconvenience.
said mr. jaggers at last, as he moved towards the papers on the table.
other early railroads had made similar experiments, but they were all makeshifts and crude.
those in whom reason is weak are often unwilling to admit this as regards themselves, though all admit it in regard to others.
i was not stunned by the praise which sounded in my ears, notwithstanding that i was keenly alive to it, and thought better of my own performance, i have little doubt, than anybody else did.
it said nothing of her weariness and watching, and praised him highly.
i like to think that he died forgiving dr. johnson.
he lighted the candle from the flaring match with great deliberation, and dropped the match, and trod it out.
she waved her hand to me to go away, so earnestly, that, all confounded as i was, i turned from them at once.
then your hand slips up on the blade, and there is a fearful gash.
be as like your sister as you can, and speak out!
in which she and her father had found a new life, doubtless appealed to her keen imagination.
miss mills replied, on general principles, that the cottage of content was better than the palace of cold splendour, and that where love was, all was.
it is remarkable that this fluctuation, whether periodical or not, appears thus to require many years for its accomplishment.
its mother had in all likelihood been killed.
i am going to london, miss pocket, said i, and want to say good-bye to miss havisham.
also, our sentences wanted room to unfold and form their columns in the interval.
much that has been written by advocates of the equitable theory of application of law is extravagant.
it was no other than tommy traddles who gave me this piece of intelligence.
her name was mrs. markleham; but our boys used to call her the old soldier, on account of her generalship, and the skill with which she marshalled great forces of relations against the doctor.
we have learned things which are not in the scripts.
it was the first time it had ever occurred to me, that this detestable cant of false humility might have originated out of the heep family.
nuff--hic--nuff to drive a feller to drink, i say!
if he were of the highly skilled workers, he would probably have enough saved up to tide him over.
mr. belloc has woven baedeker and geometry into a new style: it is the last cry of historians' english, because one was invented by a german and the other by a greek.
the conviction born of these moods is the source of most mysticism and of most metaphysics.
mrs. b. had some one continuously on duty.
i naturally inquired why he was not there too, instead of pacing the streets by himself?
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
beliefs give knowledge and error; they are the vehicles of truth and falsehood.
later they will bring their fathers and mothers on sunday and you might hear them explaining the pictures upstairs as if they were the docents of the museum.
i forgot them in the surprise of your visit, explained monsieur defarge.
she said, after a pause, in no place long.
and ill--ill-- peggotty fell to kissing the keyhole, as she couldnt kiss me.
so last night we just about clinched our arrangement for having our city distributing system owned by the producers themselves.
i murmured an assent, which was full of feeling, considering that i knew nothing at all about him; and i inquired what mr. traddles was by profession.
most people would say that they infer first something about the animal's state of mind--whether it is hungry or thirsty and so on--and thence derive their expectations as to its subsequent conduct.
greatly changed, it is too probable; almost a wreck, it is possible; though we will hope the best.
the sport of digging the bait is nearly equal to that of catching the fish, when ones appetite is not too keen; and this you may have all to yourself to-day.
is it a memorial about his own history that he is writing, aunt?
the way to disarm a vicious dog is to show him you do not fear him; it is his turn to be afraid then.
most men, when their impulse is strong, succeed in persuading themselves, usually by a subconscious selectiveness of attention, that agreeable consequences will follow from indulgence of their impulse.
tis little (considering the time) as she has said, in wureds, through them broken-hearted tears; tis less as i have seen of her dear face, as growd into a womans at my hearth.
it is not worth the while to go round the world to count the cats in zanzibar.
carton terminated the conversation here, by rising to help him on with his outer coat; but you, said mr. lorry, reverting to the theme, you are young.
in this way he finds subjects and also learns how to connect his subjects with events and movements of interest the country over.
the shades of the prison-house have closed around us and there is no return to the cheerful day.
i then descried mr. and mrs. hubble; the last-named in a decent speechless paroxysm in a corner.
adding it at random to syllables, and especially to final syllables, is supposed to give a peculiar old-time flavor to the spelling.
we are conscious of an animal in us, which awakens in proportion as our higher nature slumbers.
some novels approach this form when the author stops, as thackeray often does, to comment on the meaning of his people and their deeds.
they were pleasant spring days, in which the winter of mans discontent was thawing as well as the earth, and the life that had lain torpid began to stretch itself.
one night we put fourteen inquisitive porcupines out of camp.
the time was, masr davy, he said, as we came downstairs, when i thowt this girl, martha, amost like the dirt underneath my emlys feet.
you know the accused to be the husband of my daughter.
they do nothing to earn what they receive, they do not even have to ask for it--it comes to them of itself, their only care is to dispose of it.
each exposes the abuses of the other, but in a true society, in a true man, both must combine.
he was delighted to see me, and gave me welcome, with great heartiness, to his little room.
i turned him hastily on some pretence, and held him in conversation until it was gone.
these take place only in communities where some have got more than is sufficient while others have not enough.
for we matter not and it must not matter to us whether we live or die, which is to be as our brothers will it.
by relating his own experiences in a confession story, for example, a writer may be able to show very clearly and interestingly the dangers of speculations in stocks with but small capital.
as to whether your name is john solomon, or solomon john?
yet here was light, light that came from nowhere, light from the heart of metal.
mr. drummle, said mrs. pocket, will you ring for flopson?
the address, turned into english, ran: very pressing.
i should certainly have produced it, but that i met the womans look, and saw her very slightly shake her head, and form no!
it must be annealed--cooled slowly--in order to withstand the rough usage to which it is to be subjected.
and the time to consider the effect, to make sure of its accomplishment, is before the pen touches the paper.
but really, mr. copperfield, she asked, is it a nickname?
others, who have been drinking still more, wander about the room, bumping into everything; some are in groups of two or three, singing, each group its own song.
much is always either implied or left to another piece of writing.
i came to think that the future was walled up before me, that the energy and action of my life were at an end, that i never could find any refuge but in the grave.
i had never been brought up to any profession, and at first i was at a loss what to do for myself.
you must live within yourself, and depend upon yourself, always tucked up and ready for a start, and not have many affairs.
he had on a long-tailed black coat, worn green at the seams and the buttonholes; his eyes must have been weak, for he wore green spectacles that gave him a grotesque appearance.
i want men for hard work--it's all underground, digging tunnels for telephones.
i want my life, the only life of which i am assured, to have symmetry or, in default of that, at least to acquire some clarity.
he put his hand into the breast of his shaggy jacket, and took out with great care a pretty little purse.
there is no longer any occasion for uneasiness, maam.
dora made haste to kiss my aunt, and say, yes, you do!
porpoises and dolphins, i believe, will be frequently observed athwart our bows; and, either on the starboard or the larboard quarter, objects of interest will be continually descried.
he was very well indeed when i came away, mr. peggotty.
to converse with whom was a new england nights entertainment.
to this address, my aunt had listened with the closest attention, sitting perfectly upright, with her hands folded on one knee, and looking grimly on the speaker.
the rhetorical form finally, the rhetorical problem of forming your material presents itself.
what i am, my father was; and my sister is; and my brother is.
red bird and his 'night hawks' refuse to barter over a broken treaty.
they are all surprised, these inconsiderate young people, fairly and full grown, to see any natural feeling in a little thing like me!
it does not take a long time to strike a man with lightning, said defarge.
it lit this house with light which came from those globes of glass on the walls.
fluttering hopes and doubts--hopes, of a love as yet unknown to her: doubts, of her remaining upon earth, to enjoy that new delight--divided her breast.
they had gone rustling away as if their little dresses were made of autumn-leaves: and they came rustling back, in like manner.
these are early days, trot, she pursued, and rome was not built in a day, nor in a year.
you were a gentlemanly cove, though (mr. wemmick was again apostrophizing), and you said you could write greek.
but i am not a fortune-teller, he said, letting his head drop into a festoon of towel, and towelling away at his two ears.
and was thathonor!the only time you worked out, in this part of the country?
and we have seen those young men of yours at the olympic games, with their loose, supple limbs, their square, strong faces.
make the outline for an expository biography of one of the large figures of history, including the important events and showing the relations with contemporaries and the effect upon them.
he dares to try to control the face of this planet.
i thought you were going to leave me out altogether, said mr. omer, laughing till he coughed.
very likely in such a theory a philosophical idea would support the political idea and the inherent moral obligation of a promise would be invoked to show why men should keep the agreements made in their popular assemblies.
well, mr. pip, i think the sooner you leave hereas you are to be a gentlemanthe better.
not that i mean to say its rigidly limited to seventy pounds a-year, because i have always contemplated making any young friend i might thus employ, a present too.
then three of the sisters in the field appeared, coming toward the road, so the golden one walked away from us.
the theory of mathematical continuity is an abstract logical theory, not dependent for its validity upon any properties of actual space and time.
i am afraid you wont leave any of it for him, said i, timidly; after a silence during which i had hesitated as to the politeness of making the remark.
the city, which was owned by an oligarchy of business men, being nominally ruled by the people, a huge army of graft was necessary for the purpose of effecting the transfer of power.
if i had been round the world since we parted, we could hardly have been better pleased to meet again.
his yellow rags of shirt lay open at the throat, and showed his body to be withered and worn.
from these pilgrimages to the jug and basin, he returned with such eccentricities of damp headgear as no words can describe; which were made the more ludicrous by his anxious gravity.
he hung them all up, and while they were drying he lay down in the sun and had another long sleep.
i shall see him to-morrow, you remember, and i had better not take it into the prison.
he has occasional employment on the same newspaper, in getting up the facts of dry subjects, to be written about and embellished by more fertile minds.
it is the daughter of your father who is my business here.
skin the stockings off mr. waldengarver, said the owner of that property, or youll bust em.
afterwards she kept her hands there for a little while, and slowly took them away as if they were heavy.
i hope i know my poor grandpapas position.
one large reason why college themes are liable to dullness is the fact that few students write for any one in particular.
third, there are simple contracts, without form and upon consideration.
which it is well beknown to yourself, pip, returned joe, strengthening his former mixture of argumentation, confidence, and politeness, that it were the wish of your own hart.
even the chinese philosopher was wise enough to regard the individual as the basis of the empire.
gradually, as she goes on, i feel, with a stricken heart, that she is speaking of herself as past.
we shall do better to allow the effect to be before the cause or simultaneous with it, because nothing of any scientific importance depends upon its being after the cause.
after all these occasions mrs. micawber made a little treat, which was generally a supper; and there was a peculiar relish in these meals which i well remember.
i see the vast advantages of this country, spanning the breadth of the temperate zone.
i suppose i must catch it like a cough, said biddy, quietly; and went on with her sewing.
neither of these can be pressed beyond a point.
here's to october--and, waiter, some more celery.
for new developments in agriculture one may consult the bulletins of the united states department of agriculture and those of state agricultural experiment stations.
these considerations may seem at first sight to condemn the selection of stimulants as special subjects of taxation for purposes of revenue.
thus reminded of it, i broke the seal and read as follows.
and therefore i consider it vitally important that mr. micawber should feel his position.
i have been to him, and he is not at home.
it is not an illusion to suppose that our understanding of the british is on the whole better than theirs of us.
she was truest to them in the season of trial, as all the quietly loyal and good will always be.
he seemed to be leaving the city altogether.
he did not know me, but i knew him in a moment.
at last the dragon had to give the explanation without his cue line.
all i have got to say about it is, that if its gone, i can bear it; and if its not gone, i shall be glad to get it back.
every man looks at his wood-pile with a kind of affection.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
packingtown was always a center of violence; in whisky point, where there were a hundred saloons and one glue factory, there was always fighting, and always more of it in hot weather.
this, however, would be a mistake: none of these theories are any the worse for the doctrine that classes are fictions.
outside his own domain, and unprotected, he was a very sheep for the shearers.
cried joe, opening his blue eyes wide, what a scholar you are!
experience as a newspaper reporter supplements college training in journalism and is the best substitute for college work generally available to persons who cannot go to college.
but then i hold that knowing itself consists of such constituents suitably related, and that in being aware of them we are sometimes being aware of instances of knowing.
my darling girl, i retorted, i really must entreat you to be reasonable, and listen to what i did say, and do say.
the latter was glancing about nervously, lest some one should approach.
we all like to read about prominent and successful people.
it would be very disagreeable to be stared at by all the people here.
probably a long time, she replied; i think it will be best--for papas sake--to remain at home.
because it is decidedly the case with us.
be it life or death, we crave only reality.
he rubbed his eyes and roused himself; but he doubted, when he had done so, whether he was not still asleep.
but perhaps my brothers penetration may enable him to have some insight into his character.
ona could have taken care of us all, in the beginning.
such events, if they are represented by anything present, can only be represented by images, not by those intermediate stages, between sensations and images, which occur during the period of fading.
he had to walk every foot of it, for they had turned him out of jail without a penny in his pockets.
wait for nothing but to have my place occupied, and then for england!
i never beheld anything approaching to miss mowchers wink except miss mowchers self-possession.
a large subject cannot be adequately treated in a brief space, nor can an important theme be disposed of satisfactorily in a few hundred words.
an extension of this willingness to make grist of whatever comes to the writer's mill lies in the close approach, at times, that analysis makes to the informal essay.
there too the turtle-doves sat over the spring, or fluttered from bough to bough of the soft white-pines over my head; or the red squirrel, coursing down the nearest bough, was particularly familiar and inquisitive.
these inclinations are not whimsical usually, but their form, size, and direction are determined by the promontories of the shore, the ancient axes of elevation.
that was the manner of our beginning to speak together.
mr. pumblechook and mrs. joe stared at one another again, in utter amazement.
i thank him hearty for having guided of me, in his own ways, to my darling!
well, masr davy, in a general way, so t would be, he returned; but lookee here, masr davy, lowering his voice, and speaking very gravely.
he imagined the angry exclamations, the hostile glances; he imagined the policeman striding toward him--reaching for his neck.
it is mercilessly and gloriously humorous.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
engineer, difficulties of modern bridge-building, the relation of the engineer to social movements, the contribution of the engineer to intellectual advance.
perhaps i may add that of betsey yet, one of these days.
for another ten days he roamed the streets and alleys of the huge city, sick and hungry, begging for any work.
at any moment she may go without a warning, to crash into the light hull of the destroyer and bear her down.
for a horrible suspicion had begun dawning in his mind; he knitted his brows more and more as he read.
perhaps he obtained it as his last and utmost precaution against evil, yesterday.
he has your grips, is already slipping down the aisle toward section five.
the paradoxes apparently proved by his logic are really the paradoxes of mysticism, and are the goal which he feels his logic must reach if it is to be in accordance with insight.
they have also special advantages for certain work which have prevented them from becoming obsolete.
more than that; monsieur manette is, for all reasons, best out of france.
all relations giving rise to series are transitive, but so are many others.
why is it, then, that there is on the whole a preponderance among mankind of rational opinions and rational conduct?
was there ever a more complete justification of the rule of horace?
but we jerked our head away, hid our face upon our tied hands, and bit our lips.
thus the greater part of what would commonly pass as knowledge is more or less probable opinion.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
i found, when i did open it, that it was a very kind note, containing no reference to my condition at the theatre.
jacques, returned defarge, drawing himself up, if madame my wife undertook to keep the register in her memory alone, she would not lose a word of it--not a syllable of it.
as punctual as ever, he repeated, coming up to us.
i must try, said mr. spenlow, confirmed by this support, my influence with my daughter.
this is so powerful a disinfectant that it destroys all bacteria in water even in an extremely dilute solution.
no real antagonism exists between logic of the strictest kind and pleasurable presentation, as is proved by the examples quoted during the course of this chapter and at the end.
good lord, man, theres no occasion to say that.
previously we had been merely pronounced so by a clergyman who read it out of a book.
meanwhile st. louis's new political wedge, the women's trade union league, continues to be a perfectly good political wedge.
i leaned over joe, and, with the aid of my forefinger read him the whole letter.
where, on the other hand, a class, formerly ascendant, has lost its ascendancy, or where its ascendancy is unpopular, the prevailing moral sentiments frequently bear the impress of an impatient dislike of superiority.
even in a long work this should be done, this unifying knot should be tied in the writer's mind.
my aunt, with her hands behind her, walked up and down the room, until the gentleman who had squinted at me from the upper window came in laughing.
thinking that when he had made the baskets he would have done his part, and then it would be the white mans to buy them.
i was to go to barnards inn, to young mr.
he stood there, staring, with the light shining full upon him.
that, and not leisure or dignity, is the great compensation for the professorial life.
of course he could investigate the authorities on bee-hunting, and write a treatise, but that would be more difficult, and moreover, it would not meet the line of least resistance from the reader.
and now, said mr. stryver, shaking his forensic forefinger at the temple in general, when it was down, my way out of this, is, to put you all in the wrong.
oh, dont think that all the power i had of loving anything is quite worn out!
the chateau is on fire; valuable objects may be saved from the flames by timely aid!
i write it at stolen intervals, under every difficulty.
you are in a room with a man, whom you see: you may cease to see him either by shutting your eyes or by his going out of the room.
i think that they are made of the tears of good brave women.
mrs. tupper can sit before her kitchen cabinet and prepare a meal without moving about for ingredients and utensils.
there will be, also, a shadbush or two and certainly some hobble bushes, with here and there a young pine and small, slender canoe birch.
i hardly need refer now to the laborers in our southern states who produce the staple exports of this country, and are themselves a staple production of the south.
he must do better--he must anticipate them.
think of what she is herself (now i am repulsive and you abominate me).
in one respect butler was conservative: he respected the established political and economic order.
the chairman of the meeting came forward and began to speak.
i have seen it tear a boat as big as our house, all to pieces.
i feed them only what they will clean up in the course of half an hour.
these are as follows: american three short lines under a letter or a = word indicate that it is to be set in - capital letters; thus, american.
according to the latter, unless the promisee has parted with an equivalent or has begun to act in reliance upon the agreement, he has no moral claim to fulfilment.
we all came back again, replied mrs. micawber.
come in, mr. copperfield, said mr. jorkins.
many hopes which inspired philosophers in the past it cannot claim to fulfil; but other hopes, more purely intellectual, it can satisfy more fully than former ages could have deemed possible for human minds.
our organization comes under the amendment to the sherman antitrust law, you know, following closely the california law under which the california fruit growers' associations operate.
how do you suppose he comes to be a middlesex magistrate?
mr. micawbers enjoyment of his epistolary powers, in describing this unfortunate state of things, really seemed to outweigh any pain or anxiety that the reality could have caused him.
at another time i might have wanted the confidence or the decision to speak to him, and might have put it off until next day, and might have lost him.
he kept his eyes fixed on the orator, who sat in an armchair, his head leaning on his hand and his attitude indicating exhaustion.
in the present lecture, i shall first try to explain in outline what the mathematical theory of continuity is in its philosophically important essentials.
he sat forgotten, overlooked; so that his self-assertion startled every one just as on boswell's page it startles us.
it told us chiefly how we should not legislate and upon what subjects we should refrain from lawmaking.
under ordinary conditions he would have been etherized in an adjoining chamber and brought into the operating-room entirely unconscious.
ownership is a purely legal conception having its origin in and depending on the law.
the hare in its extremity cries like a child.
accordingly the end of law comes to be conceived as a making possible of the maximum of individual free self-assertion.
bear in mind then, that brag is a good dog, but holdfast is a better.
i can't give nobody a good time any more.
i had not seen uriah heep since the time of the blow.
one would suppose you wanted a second visit from her.
and out the old lime-kiln road you go, until you come to a farm which spells the perfection of care in every clump of trees and every row of vegetables.
once, in the evening, when they were all in harmony, and the house was as good as bought, szedvilas came in and upset them again.
it is desirable to make as few alterations as possible to avoid the delay and expense of resetting the type.
he had given out that he was sailing for yucatan to search for evidence of prehistoric civilization.
we felt our inexperience, and were unable to help ourselves.
i have no doubt mr. micawber would have paid it if he could, but he could not.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
in a word, i was too cowardly to do what i knew to be right, as i had been too cowardly to avoid doing what i knew to be wrong.
he put his hand into his trousers' pocket every now and then, to make sure that the precious hundred-dollar bill was still there.
but what, said mr. jaggers, swinging his purse,what if it was in my instructions to make you a present, as compensation?
why this access of victorian reticence at a point where plain-speaking is the order of the day and the special pride of contemporary erewhonians?
exclaimed miss mowcher, making a preposterous attempt to cover her large face with her morsel of a hand.
man appears in kitchen, with blue bag, for ladys boots left out to heel.
but its a pleasure as well as a duty, i am sure, to work for him.
i had a rare opportunity to become acquainted with their habits.
from estella she looked at me, with a searching glance that seemed to pry into my heart and probe its wounds.
for anything we know, she may have destroyed her child, and the child in clinging to her may have scratched her hands.
it is the intelligent determination on the writer's part to make the material of his writing march straight toward a definite goal which he wishes the reader to perceive.
whatever i acquired, i tried to impart to joe.
jurgis went without a word, and, stepping over half a dozen sleeping boarders in the next room, ascended the ladder.
pumps are utterly inadequate to make impression on the swift inflow.
it is the writer's problem to present them so vividly that we shall feel as if we had actually met them face to face.
therefore in every place at all times a vast multitude of things must be happening, namely, at least one for every physical object which can be seen or photographed from that place.
you may believe that six times nine is fifty-six; in this case also there is a fact which makes your belief false.
there are many rough generalizations in psychology, not only of the sort by which we govern our ordinary behaviour to each other, but also of a more nearly scientific kind.
when he stopped for drink, he moved this muffler with his left hand, only while he poured his liquor in with his right; as soon as that was done, he muffled again.
if i talked to steerforth in his room, i heard her dress rustle in the little gallery outside.
i sit down by the fire, thinking with a blind remorse of all those secret feelings i have nourished since my marriage.
the behaviourists have challenged introspection even more vigorously than knight dunlap, and have gone so far as to deny the existence of images.
he looked back over his shoulder, and beckoned them to enter.
v. wild honey is better than tame because it tastes of the adventure of finding it.
they'll find him guilty, said the other.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
between this, and the room she had called hers, there was a small door of communication, standing partly open.
of course jurgis had made his home a miniature fertilizer mill a minute after entering.
sister lavinia, said miss clarissa, it belongs to the subject.
allow him the right to make final decision, and, moreover, credit him with the right to some brains--he will be thus much happier.
she is infinitely more dependent upon her elders for direction in the veriest a b c's of daily existence.
we shall bear down the opposition, we shall sweep if before us--and chicago will be ours!
these last were to be driven into the walls of the kitchen and the bedrooms, to hang things on; and there was a family discussion as to the place where each one was to be driven.
what is my freedom, if all creatures, even the botched and the impotent, are my masters?
he made up his mouth as if to whistle, but he didnt whistle.
we forgot all about the hike as we sat at supper that evening.
mrs. coiler then changed the subject and began to flatter me.
herbert, coming to my bedside when he came in,for i went straight to bed, dispirited and fatigued,made the same report.
the three had risen, and their heads were together when he came back to the garret.
the figure showed itself aware of me, as i advanced.
and you couldnt so properly have said he wore a hat, as that he was covered in a-top, like an old building, with something pitchy.
i sort of realize what we're fighting for now, and i never did before.
you are always plotting, and delude yourself into the belief that everybody else is doing the like, i think, said i.
if i have said too much, or more than i meant, what of it?
now, my dear dora, you must know that i never said that!
this translation must be used cautiously.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
our horizon is never quite at our elbows.
as one might expect, i brought down a storm about my head.
they were both melted by these words, and both entreated me to say no more.
the leaves were thick upon the trees, and heavy with wet; but the rain had ceased, though the sky was still dark; and the hopeful birds were singing cheerfully.
it mounted from her legs into her chest, and then into her head-- what mounted?
we have heard the legends of the great fighting, in which many men fought on one side and only a few on the other.
why should any one else speak, after that miraculous man--why should they not all sit in silence?
then he lay for hours, just gazing and drinking in joy; until at last he felt sleepy, and lay down in the shade of a bush.
despite them--partly because of them perhaps--the younger brethren at the terminals were no longer to address the veteran from the congressional merely as mr. forrest.
nothinks natral to me but to be lone and lorn.
by thus making a barrier between subject and object, such personal and private things become a prison to the intellect.
accuracy of response is a perfectly clear notion in the case of answers to questions, but in other cases it is much more obscure.
it is clear that a family of six, not including a domestic, cannot live upon air.
achilles must then make up that, and again the tortoise will be ahead.
for example, you look in your calendar and find that easter will be early next year.
as to thee, pursued madame, implacably, addressing her husband, if it depended on thee--which, happily, it does not--thou wouldst rescue this man even now.
madame haupt was frying pork and onions, and had her door half open to let out the smoke.
mrs. brandley had been a friend of miss havishams before the time of her seclusion.
that he had not yet given himself up as a bad job, that he still had faint wild hopes, is proved by the fact that he did snatch the opportunity for asking that question.
but if you would like to hear my fellow-partner eloquently spoken of, i should refer you to copperfield.
the defarges, husband and wife, the vengeance, and jacques three, were in the first press, and at no great distance from him in the hall.
i presented him with a half-share in my boat, which was the occasion of his often coming down to hammersmith; and my possession of a half-share in his chambers often took me up to london.
you knew me, a long time before i came here and was changed, mr. copperfield, said uriah, looking at me; and a more villainous look i never saw, even on his visage.
so we walked on, our box in our arms, our heart empty.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
and they answered: since the council does not know of this hole, there can be no law permitting to enter it.
resolved to mention name of d. c. introduced same, cautiously, in course of airing.
i was angry at that false report, until, finding myself on my back in the passage, i began to think there might be some foundation for it.
it merely waited, hoping something would turn up.
they had got the best of him--they had worn him out, with their speeding-up and their carelessness, and now they had thrown him away!
bewitching mrs. copperfields encumbrance?
no artist can be reproached for shrinking from a risk which only fools run to meet and only genius dare confront with impunity.
the landlord in his shirt-sleeves, leaning against the bar window-frame; his wife looking over the little half-door; and i, in some confusion, looking up at them from outside the partition.
well show em another pair of shoes than that, pip; wont us?
the dancers are dull and heavy--most of them have been drinking hard, and have long ago passed the stage of exhilaration.
the modern doctrine of psychophysical parallelism is not appreciably different from this theory of the cartesian school.
three of the big theaters have got them this season, and i think we ought to have it in.
she took possession of the keys soon after this, and went jingling about the house with the whole bunch in a little basket, tied to her slender waist.
good gracious me, peggotty, returned my mother, what a nonsensical woman you are!
no doubt he regarded the facts themselves, together with the suspense as to the outcome of the search, as sufficiently interesting to render unnecessary any other device for creating interest.
i only say, he resumed, addressing me, that i disapprove of your preferring such company as mistress peggotty, and that it is to be abandoned.
but--but do you think it did edward good?
but, if i put my head deliberately into the fire, there is no appeal to fire or to the maker of fire, and i have only myself to blame.
seventh, how much work can be produced by the process for each unit of energy supplied.
this was july, and the fields were green.
a dreadful preface to my career as a college professor's wife.
when he had kept it so a little while, he said, drawing it back: is lucie the topic?
he retorted, first stretching himself and then shaking himself; my orders ends here, young master.
in this process, there is a continual gradation of self-evidence, from the highest degree to the least, not in the sense-data themselves, but in the judgements based on them.
her grief burst out when she first saw me; but she controlled it soon, and spoke in whispers, and walked softly, as if the dead could be disturbed.
that blizzard knocked many a man out, for the crowd outside begging for work was never greater, and the packers would not wait long for any one.
as things were, the territories of states had come down in part from the past.
i should always love her, every minute, to distraction.
her face might have been a dead-wall on the occasion in question, for any light it threw upon her thoughts; until she broke silence with her usual abruptness.
then begins the often difficult process of fitting the child to some available job.
let us suppose this to be true; then what is the reason for believing in the law of causation?
a moment later came jadvyga, peering over the child's head.
in no form of exposition is this problem more difficult.
he was still a pale young gentleman, and had a certain conquered languor about him in the midst of his spirits and briskness, that did not seem indicative of natural strength.
the women and girls play croquet, tennis, and other outdoor games.
we might, in fact, define one chain of experience, or one biography, as a series of occurrences linked by mnemic causation.
like shipwrecked sailors, they put on what they can find on the beach, and at a little distance, whether of space or time, laugh at each others masquerade.
perhaps we need a complete restatement of the controlling purpose, occasioned by the nature of the reader.
in the first place, it permitted a wave to come on board at the bow and sweep right along the deck, often doing great damage.
fortunately, the policeman is disposed to be reasonable, and so it is not marija who is flung out of the place.
the answer was always the same: almost eighteen years.
unmixed assertions, however, are commonly mixtures of truth and falsehood; there is room to-day for an estimate which shall respect both opinions and adopt neither.
some say that it is best to wait till all the dew has risen, so as to get the grass quite dry from the very first.
annie, my dear, returned her mother, once for all, i must really beg that you will not interfere with me, unless it is to confirm what i say.
effecting an interchange of livestock and seed.
o dearest charles, let me thank god for this on my knees as i have prayed to him.
all otherth ith cag-maggerth, give me jaggerth!
the last sob of little sebastijonas has been stifled, and the orchestra has once more been reminded of its duty.
in short, my aunt, seeing how enraptured i was with the premises, took them for a month, with leave to remain for twelve months when that time was out.
miss mills had received a hasty note from dora, telling her that all was discovered, and saying.
the catalogue of the sorts of things we may believe is infinite, but all of them are complex.
i looked as grateful as any boy possibly could, who was wholly uninformed why he ought to assume that expression.
suppose that an efficient business man had written the article, would goldsmith's lack of responsibility have escaped so easily?
they held themselves very erect, but their eyes were cast down or fixed upon the back of the man in front of them.
but what i have to do is to come to results; which are short enough; not to gossip on all the hopeful circumstances i have observed, or i shall never have done.
but we easily perceive a certain law according to which the effect varies as the previous readings increase in number, and in fact bergson himself tacitly assumes such a law.
at length the winter set in in good earnest, just as i had finished plastering, and the wind began to howl around the house as if it had not had permission to do so till then.
he knew that he ought to have systematically worked it out and supervised it, and that he had meant to do it, and that it had never been done.
they lurked under the oaks of the upper rivers, and saw the legionaries go up, up the straight paved road from the sea.
this letter i sealed and laid upon his desk before he returned; and when he came in, i saw him, through the half-opened door of his room, take it up and read it.
it was like listening to the moan of a damned soul, and jurgis could not stand it.
joe had got his coat and waistcoat and cravat off, and his leather apron on, and passed into the forge.
the first implies that we move round the object; the second that we enter into it.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
a wonderful privilege it was to be thus admitted into the soul of a man of genius, to be allowed to share the ecstasies and the agonies of his inmost life.
i was put into jail as i was going to the shoemakers to get a shoe which was mended.
you said it was rudderford, observed ham, laughing.
then each year there must be a general replenishing of dishes, table and bed linen, athletic goods, and furniture.
he is sorry at this moment, sitting by the fireside with miss murdstone; but if i was to go in, peggotty, he would be something besides.
we had a remarkable sunset one day last november.
for a time the law was assimilating what had been taken up during the period of growth and the task of the jurist was one of ordering, harmonizing and systematizing rather than of creating.
voluntary movements are a part of this, but not the whole.
if you make a brag of your honesty to me, said the tinker, ill knock your brains out.
what could i do but invoke a silent blessing on miss millss head, and store miss millss address in the securest corner of my memory!
but as to not thinking of you in the nightthe idea!
they are only opened in both shells, said i.
there was a small chimney, heavily barred across, a few feet within.
but most of what passes for thought is inspired by some non-intellectual impulse, and is merely a means of persuading ourselves that we shall not be disappointed or do harm if we indulge this impulse.
i was confused, and was going by them, when the gentleman cried: what!
the corporal launched into his story.
estella, dearest estella, do not let miss havisham lead you into this fatal step.
everyone who knows you, consults with you, and is guided by you, agnes.
i hope he may repent of all the wickedness and sin to which he has been a party.
they stepped back, and their eyes were wide and still.
but it is not essential to the existence of a collection, or even to knowledge and reasoning concerning it, that we should be able to pass its terms in review one by one.
she was greatly pleased, and very merry; and we four, that is to say, my aunt, mr. dick, traddles, and i, went down to canterbury by the dover mail that night.
when my hoe tinkled against the stones, that music echoed to the woods and the sky, and was an accompaniment to my labor which yielded an instant and immeasurable crop.
later these natural rights came to be the bane of juristic thinking.
the quick noise and movement of the court's emptying itself by many passages had not ceased, when lucie stood stretching out her arms towards her husband, with nothing in her face but love and consolation.
then follows the inevitable band, and we begin to cheer.
the result of this organization of material was the following outline: i.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
now, pip,joe looked firmly at me as if he knew i was not going to agree with him;your sister is a fine figure of a woman.
its not a great deal towards the furnishing, said traddles, but its something.
i wondered if she ever read them now; if she would ever read them more!
john barsad, repeated madame, after murmuring it once to herself.
marija insisted that it was because of her activity in the union.
a description of the person interviewed and of his surroundings, by way of introduction, gives the reader a distinct impression of the individual under characteristic conditions.
the moment he ceased, she looked at him again.
to remove all risk of error, we shall need an endless series of more and more complicated self-evident beliefs, which cannot possibly be realized in practice.
i kissed her hand, and she took him in her arms, and went away caressing him.
i echoed it, parted from my aunt, and went lightly downstairs, mounted, and rode away.
criticize, by the method of standards, the following: american costumes as candidates for universal use, the metric system, the american monetary system, the gary schools, the civic center idea.
lucie shuddered as he threw two more billets into his basket, but it was impossible to be there while the wood-sawyer was at work, and not be in his sight.
well, we all set to work peeling potatoes.
she has since been taught one thing and another in the way of her duties, but she was tamed from the beginning.
she is dressed in lavender-coloured silk, and has a white bonnet on, and is amazing.
i confess that i am partial to these wild fancies, which transcend the order of time and development.
no one can never fill the place thats empty.
you have no time to ask me why i bring it, or what it means; i have no time to tell you.
as the first of the problems connected with knowledge of truths, let us examine the nature and scope of our intuitive judgements.
the tormenting humour which was dominant there stopped them both.
where but in the essay could a man uphold the belief that faith is nonsense and perhaps nonsense is faith?
if it goes out--ask of the angry waves and the resounding rocks of what to-night's long toll of death must be without the light!
he confronts a mass of refractory material, often full of contradictions, in which any potential effect seems almost as difficult to discover as the proverbial needle in the well-known haystack.
you have the choice of observing the personality through the medium of events, or events through the medium of personality.
such is the attitude inculcated in god's answer to job out of the whirlwind: the divine power and knowledge are paraded, but of the divine goodness there is no hint.
blizzards and cold made no difference to them, they were always on hand; they were on hand two hours before the sun rose, an hour before the work began.
look at our picture galleries, filled with old masters from abroad!
although i was not in the habit of counting drummle as one of my intimate associates, i answered, yes.
but it was worked out also as a means of directing and organizing the growth of law so as to maintain the general security.
you may be able to confirm what i have said, mr. traddles, observed miss lavinia, evidently taking a new interest in him, of the affection that is modest and retiring; that waits and waits?
she comes, quiet, dignified, and interested in our home and its problems.
this answer had a happy effect upon the audience.
the pronunciations ridiculed by dickens would be the only pronunciations allowable.
for surely, at this time of day in the nineteenth century, there is nothing that an honest man should fear more timorously than getting and spending more than he deserves.
we had a doleful parting, and when i took my place by magwitchs side, i felt that that was my place henceforth while he lived.
a letter, under date portsmouth, from a colonist of the name of provis, asking for the particulars of your address, on behalf of magwitch.
if corn is not to be relied upon, what is?
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
there is in fact no such object, and therefore othello cannot have any relation to such an object.
moreover, if you take time enough for every word, you are in danger of becoming so engrossed in penmanship as to lose the broad sweep of the lecture or book.
heres the cottage, taking one time with another, will produce say seventy pounds a year.
to some it will recall travels in germany, to some the look of germany on the map, and so on.
on the present occasion, though i was hungry, i dared not eat my slice.
show that badge conspicuous, or ill report you!
cried the little creature, glancing sharply at my face, and then peeping round at steerforths.
then, we will take him a ride into the country, and dine there, and all will be well.
indeed, when i say i wish we might be friends, i scarcely mean quite that, either.
where was the parent which hatched it, its kindred, and its father in the heavens?
as near as i could discover, he had probably gone to bed in a barn when drunk, and smoked his pipe there; and so a barn was burnt.
what better had he to hope for, if he waited longer?
a policeman gave him his direction and told him that he had five miles to go.
they wondered if ever any love that had blossomed in the world had been so crushed and trampled!
there is no stopping to read the riot act, no firing over the heads of the mob, in this case.
every promissory note is like every other.
the seafaring men kept apart, when those two were seen early, walking with slow steps on the beach; and stood in knots, talking compassionately among themselves.
he procured a pipe from a neighbouring public-house, and smoked it, looking in at the railings and maturely considering the spot.
there is, finally, the method of military history.
if i am sure of anything, of course, you know, i am sure of that.
i wish with all my soul i could guide myself better!
a person, we find, states that he desires a certain end a, and that he is acting with a view to achieving it.
but both in its practical pretensions and in its theoretical despair it seems to me to go too far.
i think, clara, said mr. murdstone, in a low grave voice, that there may be better and more dispassionate judges of such a question than you.
he likes to score a beat of a few hours.
in fact, woman's quicker sympathies and readier emotional response to many phases of life give her a distinct advantage.
what could i become with these surroundings?
her father had to do with the victualling of passenger-ships.
there was another specter following him.
you know the terms upon which i have the honour and happiness to stand with the family.
i mean, i couldnt undertake to say it was at first.
doctor strongs was an excellent school; as different from mr. creakles as good is from evil.
i am a lone lorn creetur, and had much better not make myself contrary here.
nor is there any man so independent on his farm that he can say them nay.
it was one of the wooden chambers upstairs, with the tide flowing underneath.
if that was it, i was quite ready to go.
miss mowcher listened to these words, which were very slowly and distinctly spoken, with her head on one side, and her eye in the air as if she were still looking for that answer.
this necessity is apparent as soon as we remember that the differentia are of vital importance, that we understand the subject only when we see how it differs from other members of the same class.
it seems to me to be a little too far to the southward.
in my politeness, i would have stopped; but miss havisham twitched my shoulder, and we posted on,with a shame-faced consciousness on my part that they would think it was all my doing.
nevertheless the sensation involving discomfort remains the prime mover.
when he came in, he stood still; and with his head bowed, as if he felt it.
neither, i felt convinced, had mrs. strong then.
it follows that the law of habit is adequate to account for the use of words in the absence of their objects; moreover, it would be adequate even without introducing images.
when the verse is printed in smaller type than the article, it need not be enclosed in quotation marks.
thus i leave them; thus i always find them; thus they wear their time away, from year to year.
there was nothing in packingtown but packing houses; and so it was the same thing as evicting him from his home.
could the parts be rearranged with gain in clearness, interest, or progress?
i have not the least idea what we had for dinner, besides dora.
all these, it seems to me, need to be clearly separated.
no, said he, with a glance of surprise: who else should there be?
chokings and nervous jerkings, however, are nothing new to me when i think with anxiety of those i love.
helpless, trapped, as he was, what good did they do him--why should he ever have allowed them to torment him?
when men find themselves not fully contented, and not able instantly to procure what will cause content, imagination brings before their minds the thought of things which they believe would make them happy.
the elaborate system of individualization in criminal procedure has to do wholly with individual human conduct.
dont talk about being poor, and working hard!
in the next chapter we shall proceed to develop its nature and its bearing upon the questions with which we have been dealing.
we only give proper names to the individuals of a species when they differ inter se in practically important respects.
out in the saloons the men could tell him all about the meaning of it; they gazed at him with pitying eyes--poor devil, he was blacklisted!
she drew a pitcher of beer from the cask for the soldiers, and invited the sergeant to take a glass of brandy.
(maybe it wasn't amid her children niobe wept, but for them; anyhow i remember her as a symbol of lachrymosity.)
hes at home, sir, returned peggotty, but hes bad abed with the rheumatics.
traddles rose from his chair, and, with a triumphant smile, put his hand upon the white cloth i had observed.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
what i am concerned with is the analysis of emotions.
it is the function of the legislative organ to make laws.
mr. burroughs gives much more space to the sections that deal with the excitement and the joy of bee-hunting than to those that deal with the less pleasant side.
dear boy, he answered, im quite content to take my chance.
no man ever followed his genius till it misled him.
with that she stalked out, and made the door bang after her.
night has come down upon the outlook of the writer as it came down over the somber waste of egdon heath.
thus all ritual is duly accomplished; and the solemn act is entered upon with reverence and in a spirit of truth.
and then among them some one would take a shine to him, and they would go off together and travel for a week, exchanging reminiscences.
the furniture was all very solid and good, like his watch-chain.
for i called to mind now, that she was equally accomplished in the terms of our trade, and the names of our different sorts of work, and our various tools.
this time, a pair of haggard eyes had looked at the questioner, before the face had dropped again.
we are playing in the winter twilight, dancing about the parlour.
as the neo-kantians put it, we may formulate the social ideal of the time and place and try juristic problems thereby without believing ourselves competent to lay out a social and political and legal chart for all time.
the other two are applicable in very many cases, but cannot be used for purposes of definition because they are liable to exceptions.
she made a strong attempt to compose herself, and stammered that he was as punctual as ever.
this statement may be taken as literally true.
he did not drink anything, because elzbieta got his money for safekeeping, and knew him too well to be in the least frightened by his angry demands.
it was a hard day, that day of being among them, with the first reservation of their joint lives on his mind.
what was the matter with her, what could be going on, to affect any one like that?
the object of the craig colony is to remove the burden of the epileptic in the family from the home without subjecting the patient to the hardship of confinement with the insane.
i shall be gone before you wake in the morning.
they will not be of the simple type which asserts that the same cause always produces the same effect.
already i shudder for these comparatively degenerate days of my native village, when you cannot collect a load of bark of good thickness, and we no longer produce tar and turpentine.
it was nothing to her, that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them.
i may be either the drift-wood in the stream, or indra in the sky looking down on it.
be as considerate and good to me as you were, and tell me we are friends.
sitting near her, with the white shoe, that had never been worn, in her hand, and her head bent as she looked at it, was an elegant lady whom i had never seen.
when we hear thunder and infer that there was lightning, the law states that the thing inferred is earlier than the thing given.
i asked carl one day when he was sharpening his lawnmower and thus neglecting his lawn tennis; for, like a freshman, i still had much to learn about quaint old college customs.
the victim, from my cradle, of pecuniary liabilities to which i have been unable to respond, i have ever been the sport and toy of debasing circumstances.
you are their champion, and assert their rights.
after what you let out the other day, mr. jaggers may as well not know of it.
it is almost always the result of a contract between the seller and the buyer.
it has been repeatedly demonstrated that boys from eighteen to twenty years of age can spend two years in the sloyd shop and leave it fully qualified as cabinet-makers, and capable of earning a journeyman's wages.
all these inferences are due to causal laws.
i should have said this sooner, but for my long mistake.
from the farmer-general of seventy, whose riches could not buy his life, to the seamstress of twenty, whose poverty and obscurity could not save her.
like aragon and the plantagenets, they have magnificent leisure for the purposeless and aimless quest.
for their symptomatic value, we must glance at butler's sallies into some other fields.
forbid as i, of all men, should do that, my girl!
faculty or non-faculty control of college politics.
there were three or four of us, counting me.
at the time when i stood in the churchyard reading the family tombstones, i had just enough learning to be able to spell them out.
for my part, i could easily do without the post-office.
a strange thrill struck him when she did so, and visibly passed over his frame; he laid the knife down softly, as he sat staring at her.
the customer had desired to purchase an alarm clock, and the boss had shown him two exactly similar, telling him that the price of one was a dollar and of the other a dollar seventy-five.
when the latter was unemployed, he sometimes walked with us to show us the boats and ships, and once or twice he took us for a row.
the community that speaks a language has learnt it, and modified it by processes almost all of which are not deliberate, but the results of causes operating according to more or less ascertainable laws.
the master, upon this, put his hand underneath the skirts of his coat, and brought out his flute in three pieces, which he screwed together, and began immediately to play.
and the president rang his bell to quiet them.
salesmen had followed salesmen, recommending magic brands of the stuff; yet each new barrel of oil seemed to do less work than the last--and cost more in dollars.
the breeding place of social improvements.
we could also rise, or run, or leap, or fall down again.
the poor man is wont to complain that this is a cold world; and to cold, no less physical than social, we refer directly a great part of our ails.
she disappears, leaving me alone with jip.
have i not with my own eyes seen it turning, turning on the spit?
and we both burst into tears, and were locked in one anothers arms.
i ceased to draw back, and we went straight to the best parlour, where she left me.
that is precisely what is done at present, except that the transfer of the workers is accomplished blindly and imperfectly, by rumors and advertisements, instead of instantly and completely, by a universal government bulletin.
it's a lie, but he knows i want the money.
they must have been easily satisfied in those days, i should think.
jurgis had not had such a feast since his wedding day, and he made a mighty effort to put in his twenty cents' worth.
he presently came home, very glad to see me; and i hope they were all the better for my being there.
all climates agree with brave chanticleer.
it hid in doorways too, rubbing its horrible shoulders against doors, and drawing them up to its ears, as if it were laughing.
as to forming any plan for the future, i could as soon have formed an elephant.
kotrina, frightened by his manner, glanced at the others.
said the boy; then suddenly the door upstairs opened, and he called: hey, ma!
in the love and reverence awakened by this voice of voices, shakespeare and england are but one.
but those who thus satisfy themselves, do not perceive that the assumption of infallibility is merely shifted from one point to another.
this instinct has been the basis of psychological theories of private property.
perhaps even our own cookery has seen its best days.
usually it will be found that a number of these extraordinarily abstract questions underlie any one of the big obvious problems.
he thinks the gentleman might at least have come across with a subway ticket.
rather regard him as a person desirous of knowing, your subject as a thing capable of interest, and yourself as a really enthusiastic devotee.
then, seeing a crowded car, his impatience got the better of him and he jumped aboard, hiding behind another man, unnoticed by the conductor.
now, clara, says mr. murdstone, be firm with the boy.
he fanned away the smoke of his pipe, that he might get a better view of me, and soon recognized me with great delight.
a child may be aware of the shapes of the letters, and pass gradually and painfully to a realization of their meaning.
his knowledge must be inferred from his bodily movements, and especially from what he says and writes.
it was this phenomenon that had attracted the attention of the chemist.
i leaving my work on the road, the sun going to bed, the carriage of the marquis slowly ascending the hill, he hanging by the chain--like this.
you wont succeed, said i. o yes i shall!
why that, you know, he returned, rubbing his double chin again, cant naturally be expected.
his father, and his father's father before him, and as many ancestors back as legend could go, had lived in that part of lithuania known as brelovicz, the imperial forest.
i must, then, choose at once some guiding principle of selection that will make clear whether, for instance, the poetic appeal of the science has anything to do with my object.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
i never can forget all that, you know, and i never would if i could.
we defined the meaning of an image or word by causal efficacy, namely by associations: an image or word acquires meaning, we said, through having the same associations as what it means.
green hickory finely split makes the woodchoppers kindlings, when he has a camp in the woods.
imaginative sympathy will be sufficient to prevent the first.
but let no one suppose that this superfluity of employees meant easier work for any one!
still, madame defarge, pursuing her way along the streets, came nearer and nearer.
we knew only that we must run, run to the end of the world, to the end of our days.
i brought it out, and laid it ready for him, and my blood again ran cold when he again took me by both hands to give me good night.
my father's orders were left to me--hic--an' not to you, he said.
if on the contrary you mean to say here, to his great amazement, he was stopped by joes suddenly working round him with every demonstration of a fell pugilistic purpose.
we may study the laws of matter at and for our convenience, but a successful life knows no law.
would have damped their ardor at once, reduced them from venison to beef, and stiffened their sides and sinews like the locomotive.
he was standing close beside it, with one of his skeleton hands over his mouth, and the other resting on the doctors table.
i was not praying against you; i was praying for you.
and again the spiritual temperature of the room fell.
the question of the scope and validity of induction is of great difficulty, and of great importance to our knowledge.
but i do wonder that you should lift your hand against a person that you knew to be so umble!
in considering irregular appearances, there are certain very natural mistakes which must be avoided.
how much of the practice i have just reduced to precept, i owe to agnes, i will not repeat here.
you have got a name, you know, said i. oh!
a woman in the crowd leaned forward and waved an american flag in his face.
exclaimed jerry, recalling the trial at which he had assisted.
there must be some mistake, declared the girl, again; she didn't come here.
when i came to build my chimney i studied masonry.
i turn hot when i remember the cravat i bought.
we can make no attempt to reach the men in the water.
danl, deary danl, let me go long with you!
after a stroll about the town i went to hams house.
exactly similar arguments will apply to other sense-data.
i am afraid his partner seeks to make him so, said i.
i selected the materials for a suit, with the assistance of mr. trabbs judgment, and re-entered the parlor to be measured.
nature is hard to be overcome, but she must be overcome.
in all the many possible worlds, philosophy and mathematics will be the same; the differences will only be in respect of those particular facts which are chronicled by the descriptive sciences.
in literature (from which i must draw my instances) the great change of the past century has been effected by the admission of detail.
lossa folks from country never saw such a place.
i never said six words to her myself, i aint a-goin to tell her so.
most people, in thinking about punishment, have had no more need to hide their vindictive impulses from themselves than they have had to hide the exponential theorem.
the muzzle, the leash, the drinking dish are hidden, the last muddy paw track swept up, the nose smudges washed off the favorite front window pane.
consequently there is but one obvious result.
in regard to such knowledge, philosophical criticism does not require that we should abstain from belief.
she is a very charming girl, but she has a great deal of feeling.
men seeing the nature of this man like that of the brute, think that he has never possessed the innate faculty of reason.
whether or no, the mender of roads ran, on the sultry morning, as if for his life, down the hill, knee-high in dust, and never stopped till he got to the fountain.
snow was falling, and he had been out so long that he was covered with it, and was chilled to the bone.
if i had begun with any appetite, he would have taken it away, and i should have sat much as i did,repelled from him by an insurmountable aversion, and gloomily looking at the cloth.
miss pross and he divided the night into two watches, and observed him at intervals from the adjoining room.
but the flame was unmoving, yet blinding as liquid metal.
a huckleberry never reaches boston; they have not been known there since they grew on her three hills.
[wilkins, you are squinting, and will not be able to get your eyes back.)
he had a pipe in his mouth, and he took it out, and, after slowly blowing all his smoke away and looking hard at me all the time, nodded.
she will take it so kindly that it will be a comfort and support to her.
more frequently you will find difficulty in determining the emotional quality of the material and your desires.
of the reality or unreality of the mystic's world i know nothing.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
i am very much obliged to you, said my aunt; and so is he, i see; but-- come!
it is clear that a proposition can be either believed or merely considered, and that the content is the same in both cases.
i would bless him and uncle with my last words, and pray for his happy home with my last breath!
it was only my head and my legs that i could move, but to that extent i struggled with all the force, until then unknown, that was within me.
this was not always his mood, of course; he still loved his family.
dresses, less splendid than the dress she wore, and half-packed trunks, were scattered about.
put this and that together, my tender pupil, returned the wary mowcher, touching her nose, work it by the rule of secrets in all trades, and the product will give you the desired result.
but what about the employees--the clerks and the factory workers?
for, people then paid to see the play at the old bailey, just as they paid to see the play in bedlam--only the former entertainment was much the dearer.
and besides touch and sight, there are other kinds of sensation which give other, though less important spaces: these also have to be fitted into the one space by means of experienced correlations.
likewise rules, where we proceed mechanically, are more adapted to property and to business transactions, and standards; where we proceed upon intuitions, are more adapted to human conduct and to the conduct of enterprises.
but the deepest ponds are not so deep in proportion to their area as most suppose, and, if drained, would not leave very remarkable valleys.
but in another sense, and a very important one, it is quite impossible.
to have, as i may say, all friends round st. pauls at once, is a treat unlooked for!
it is generally believed that we cannot imagine a shade of colour that we have never seen, or a sound that we have never heard.
i know how tis; i know you think that i am lone and lorn; but, deary love, tant so no more!
take, for instance, the relation 'between'.
historical jurists accepted the will theory and have been its leading advocates in modern times.
it is refreshing only to think of it now.
if you give him money, he will perhaps buy more rags with it.
in fact, the matter of selling has not been fostered from the farm-bureau office.
pockets time and attention diverted from dear mrs. pocket.
this, according to paley, would be inconvenient.
he liked the excitement and risk of large operations.
where does the authority of society begin?
the case of judgment demands the admission of more complicated forms.
the moving body never jumps from one position to another, but always passes by a gradual transition through an infinite number of intermediaries.
a biography is a portrait, and if it omits the peculiar lineaments that distinguish the hero from all others, if it overlooks the little details of personality, it is valueless, and certainly uninteresting.
whatever humanity i might conjure up against it was all factitious, and concerned my philosophy more than my feelings.
sometimes it was staring and bewildered, and then it was, i don't know her.
the nose, beautifully formed otherwise, was very slightly pinched at the top of each nostril.
there is ostrinski--but he is a pole-- ostrinski speaks lithuanian, said the other.
upon my soul, i am not sure that it was not yours.
he is bound as before, and in his mouth there is a gag--tied so, with a tight string, making him look almost as if he laughed.
there must be some mistake, she answered, quickly.
just as a word has meaning, so a proposition has an objective reference.
he had deep, black eyes, and a face full of gentleness and pain.
if one may judge who rarely looks into the newspapers, nothing new does ever happen in foreign parts, a french revolution not excepted.
the doctor looked at him for a moment--half inquiringly, half as if he were angry at being spoken to--and bent over his work again.
in an age when sexual excitement had become available and permissible, this worshiper of stimulus never touched with so much as a fingertip that insidious and meretricious fruit.
at length he was quiet--well he might be with her dimpled chin upon his head!--and we walked away to look at a greenhouse.
its the old story, said i. dont laugh, when i say it was always the same in little things as it is in greater ones.
he would show them how he could appreciate it.
the first of them told him so, with the customary prison sign of death--a raised finger--and they all added in words, long live the republic!
towards all commonly-accounted sinecures, he bears the coldest front in nature, like a magician walking a maze, and scornful of its flower-bordered detentions.
jurgis expressed himself as agreeable, and the other took him that afternoon (it was saturday) to a place where city laborers were being paid off.
a practice book in sentence-making for college freshmen.
the former had been drafted into the army; that had been over ten years ago, but since that day nothing had ever been heard of him.
so he and startop arrived at the blue boar, fully expecting there to find me, or tidings of me; but, finding neither, went on to miss havishams, where they lost me.
this bringing us into conversation, he was so good as to entertain me with my own story,of course with the popular feature that pumblechook was my earliest benefactor and the founder of my fortunes.
within a month, i had quitted england, and within two months i was clerk to clarriker and co., and within four months i assumed my first undivided responsibility.
samuel butler's arguments in favour of the view that an animal remembers something of the lives of its ancestors* are, when examined, only arguments in favour of habit-memory.
the doctor, however, who felt, i am sure, that he was making everybody happy, was well pleased, and had no suspicion but that we were all at the utmost height of enjoyment.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
can i do nothing--i, who come to you with my poor sorrows?
of course i broke down there: and of course herbert, beyond seizing a warm grip of my hand, pretended not to know it.
it was the boys and girls of the settlement who performed in these pantomimes.
as the tide made, it flapped heavily at irregular intervals against the shore; and whenever such a sound came, one or other of us was sure to start, and look in that direction.
and very much to be deplored it was, on all accounts!
and would count up to twelve, and say, 'hush!'
there was a great fuss about that--maybe you heard of it.
thoughtful and intelligent planning such as this woman gave to her problems is necessary for the greatest success of the plan.
the catholic church has its own way of dealing with this embarrassing problem.
many of the prisoners had their meals brought in from a restaurant, but jurgis had no money for that.
i went in, and sat down; and stated my case to mr. jorkins pretty much as i had stated it to mr. spenlow.
not to mention your calling me mr. pip,which appears to me to be in bad taste, biddy,what do you mean?
you say truly, mr. carton; i think they would be.
did not his white breast enough betray him?
you know that i have loved you long and dearly.
thus it seems that we must maintain our distinction words used demonstratively describe and are intended to lead to sensations, while the same words used in narrative describe and are only intended to lead to images.
here miss spenlow walks by herself, i thought.
he had never seen such a dull and out-of-the-way place; the folks were all gone off; why, you couldnt even hear the whistle!
climbing to a high chamber in a well of houses, he threw himself down in his clothes on a neglected bed, and its pillow was wet with wasted tears.
in the fourth place, do not use the term that you are defining, or any derivative of it.
but the outcome has to be expressed in words if it is to be communicable.
in the second place, the question arises as to whether we can be conscious of images.
our drill, that provided for lowering the boats with only half-complements in them, will not serve.
a motor truck's time is worth several dollars hourly.
sometimes they are as richly diaphanous as a precious stone, and glow from within with a deep, inexplicable light.
but it is, by common admission, better for the general interest of mankind, that persons should pursue their objects undeterred by this sort of consequences.
there are men who, going for a walk, take their dogs with them; there are other men who give a walk to their dogs.
when toned down again, the unimpeachable patriot appeared in the witness-box.
rosa, i have forgotten this gentlemans name.
i have made it my business to examine some specimens of the writing of doctor manette.
the next thing to do is to put in the ear; and once you have done this the rest is easy.
i had succeeded on behalf of herbert, miss havisham had told me all she knew of estella, i had said and done what i could to ease her mind.
in this case, what is known, roughly, is the stimulus; but in more advanced knowledge the stimulus and what is known become different.
either tell her that i demand to see her, or stand out of the way of the door and let me go to her!
there was the house, at any rate--and then suddenly he stopped and stared.
when we had got so far, mr. spenlow offered to take me into court then and there, and show me what sort of place it was.
dont take it so much amiss, sir, pleaded the keeper to the angry passenger; ill sit next you myself.
drinking water always contains bacteria.
there was a yell as soon as they were sighted, men and women rushing out of houses and saloons as they galloped by.
mr. copperfield, your elth and appiness!
yet it is scarcely too much to say that not one christian in a thousand guides or tests his individual conduct by reference to those laws.
the priest left, the women left, and he was alone with the still, white figure--quieter now, but moaning and shuddering, wrestling with the grisly fiend.
i would have given any money to have been allowed to wrap myself up over-night, and sleep in my hat and boots.
one would say that even the prophets and redeemers had rather consoled the fears than confirmed the hopes of man.
the morning wind forever blows, the poem of creation is uninterrupted; but few are the ears that hear it.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
it is clear that an emotion is essentially complex, and we have to inquire whether it ever contains any non-physiological material not reducible to sensations and images and their relations.
at last, the top of the staircase was gained, and they stopped for the third time.
the thick wood is not just at our door, nor the pond, but somewhat is always clearing, familiar and worn by us, appropriated and fenced in some way, and reclaimed from nature.
with that, i poked tremendously, and having done so, planted myself side by side with mr. drummle, my shoulders squared and my back to the fire.
they have told me so; they have told me nothing new to my thoughts--but i am far from sure that i have taken that truth to heart.
pay the cabbie an' keep the change--i've got--hic--no head for business!
at the end of the passage, while the bell was still reverberating, i found sarah pocket, who appeared to have now become constitutionally green and yellow by reason of me.
we have no choice, you and i, but to obey our instructions.
id have spent em on a man, in wittles and drink.
mr. dick would not have relinquished his post of candle-bearer to anyone alive.
all our thinking consists of convenient fictions, imaginary congealings of the stream: reality flows on in spite of all our fictions, and though it can be lived, it cannot be conceived in thought.
mr. micawber, leaning back in his chair, trifled with his eye-glass and cast his eyes up at the ceiling; but i thought him observant of traddles, too, who was looking at the fire.
i dont wish to make a display of my feelings, but i have habitually thought of you more in the night than i am quite equal to.
i know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
such propositions, therefore, have a form which is different from that of any atomic proposition.
there were no other passengers that night, but we four.
what, said carton, still only half turned towards him, do you expect, mr. darnay?
alexandre manette, said defarge in his ear, following the letters with his swart forefinger, deeply engrained with gunpowder.
here we have simultaneity--not due, as kant would have us believe, to the subjective mental apparatus of the dauntless youth, but given as objectively as the revolver and the lightning.
the captain would have read it twenty thousand times, if twenty thousand people would have heard him, one by one.
they got his watch and his wad, and were round the corner again and into the saloon before he could shout more than once.
surely after so much speech-making and bill-posting the editors would accord them some recognition merely as news.
next day, fifteen prisoners were put to the bar before charles darnay's name was called.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
* * * * * this, however, is not the story of the pullman car.
your suspense is nearly ended, my darling; he shall be restored to you within a few hours; i have encompassed him with every protection.
traces of deep-seated anguish appeared in my countenance.
i haf yust come back from a case, she said.
whether it was possible for people to see me or not, i always fancied that somebody was reading it.
the sky is a soggy purple when we return to the home.
he must also bear in mind the reader's intellect and his emotions.
whenever i fall into trouble, or fall in love, i shall always tell you, if youll let me--even when i come to fall in love in earnest.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
the main object on my mind, i remember, when we got fairly on the road, was to appear as old as possible to the coachman, and to speak extremely gruff.
one autumn morning i was with my mother in the front garden, when mr. murdstone--i knew him by that name now--came by, on horseback.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
squarely in the middle of the rough pine floor stands a jacketed stove.
but although it is easier to say what a word means than what an image means, the relation which constitutes meaning is much the same in both cases.
no matter whether suffragists or antis--they all do it.
but mr. jones, who appears to think it very amusing, proves clearly enough that it was not a jest, but an obsession, and a horrid obsession it was.
you will find her, pursued my aunt, as good, as beautiful, as earnest, as disinterested, as she has always been.
the hovel of a cutter of wood into lengths for burning, was the only house at that end; all else was wall.
the kitchen is an efficient little workshop lined by cupboards and shelves.
i dont recommend him, observe; because i never recommend anybody.
the old scoundrel said the case was filled, he said.
maybe im a growing a trifle old besides.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
we entered this haven through a wicket-gate, and were disgorged by an introductory passage into a melancholy little square that looked to me like a flat burying-ground.
more than one he took in hand this way; and, though i used to call it--to tease him--his man-to-man manner, i saw that it was effective.
you will make this exclusion by choosing both class and differentia with the greatest care.
you have been drawing pretty freely here; your name occurs pretty often in wemmicks cash-book; but you are in debt, of course?
if the funeral had been yesterday, i could not recollect it better.
it would account for his having been invited.
i believe (he continues) that 'consciousness,' when once it has evaporated to this estate of pure diaphaneity, is on the point of disappearing altogether.
my dear steerforth, i am so overjoyed to see you!
a deep gulf, she observed, had opened between dora and me, and love could only span it with its rainbow.
for a few seconds he faintly struggled with the man who had come to lay down his life for him; but, within a minute or so, he was stretched insensible on the ground.
be under no apprehension, miss manette, of my ever resuming this conversation by so much as a passing word.
for he stood before her when she lifted up the eyes she had momentarily darkened with her hand; such a cruel, bad sight.
who that has heard a strain of music feared then lest he should speak extravagantly any more forever?
we found that it causes lightning, and never have men known what causes lightning.
this is the time each spring when all the men older than twenty and all the women older than eighteen are sent for one night to the city palace of mating.
it would be necessary only to know the genus and perhaps the race or variety, to know the individual.
you have laid me under an obligation to you for life--in two senses, said his late client, taking his hand.
now that you have come, i think you will do something to help mamma, something to save papa!
suppose, further, that i have not thought about my breakfast in the meantime, and that i did not, while i was eating it, put into words what it consisted of.
a nice, quiet--hic--goodhearted young feller like me, an' his daddy can't go to europe--hup!--an' leave him in peace!
said the doctor; annies quite well, and shell be delighted to see you.
even then, i did exercises for other boys, and seldom did my own.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
it has a constant and imperishable moral, and to the scholar it yields a classic result.
to show the shifting of responsibility from creeds to deeds.
three days later there came another heavy snowstorm, and jonas and marija and ona and little stanislovas all set out together, an hour before daybreak, to try to get to the yards.
but long after that, and long after i had heard the clinking of the teacups and was quite ready, i wanted the resolution to go downstairs.
now you are to understand, secondly, mr. pip, that the name of the person who is your liberal benefactor remains a profound secret, until the person chooses to reveal it.
we looked upon them and we laughed and said: fear nothing, our brothers.
but the right possibility, as a rule, when once conceived, justifies itself swiftly by its astonishing power of absorbing apparently conflicting facts.
with a hope like that, there was some use in living; to find a place where you were treated like a human being--by god!
now, joseph gargery, i am the bearer of an offer to relieve you of this young fellow your apprentice.
what does doctor watts say, he added, looking at me, and moving his head to the time of his quotation, satan finds some mischief still, for idle hands to do.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
but he also reached across for the celery--my private celery for which i owed.
it is important to notice that, if our sensations are to be caused by physical objects, there must be a physical space containing these objects and our sense-organs and nerves and brain.
carton, standing over him with his hand in his breast, looked down.
mr. micawber was induced to think, on inquiry, that there might be an opening for a man of his talent in the medway coal trade.
he is going to step on the feet of some important citizen--perhaps a railroad director--and the important citizen is going to make a fuss.
night after night for two years mrs. knefler and hannah were out organizing groups of girls.
let us consider for a moment what most of the trouble and anxiety which i have referred to is about, and how much it is necessary that we be troubled, or, at least, careful.
hiding the ravages of care with a sickly mask of mirth, i have not informed you, this evening, that there is no hope of the remittance!
besides that i should know it to be hopeless, i should know it to be a baseness.
it may be that when our arboreal propositus descended from his palm-tree and began to walk upright about the earth, his progeny were forthwith committed to a journey in which to-day is only a way-station.
the length of the sub-title is generally about twice that of the title; that is, the average sub-title consists of from ten to twelve words, including articles and connectives.
a solitary old bachelor, answered mr. lorry, shaking his head.
universal scepticism, though logically irrefutable, is practically barren; it can only, therefore, give a certain flavour of hesitancy to our beliefs, and cannot be used to substitute other beliefs for them.
its a satisfaction to know that shell wait for me any length of time, and that she really is the dearest girl-- when are you to meet her at the coach?
my dear fellow, said i, they are just the three things that i would rather die than set my hand to.
sit down yourself, said steerforth, and mind your business.
these topics, however interesting, are not useful to the controlling purpose.
i thought about my predecessor, who had died of drink and smoke; and i could have wished he had been so good as to live, and not bother me with his decease.
i had an old axe which nobody claimed, with which by spells in winter days, on the sunny side of the house, i played about the stumps which i had got out of my bean-field.
each of these questions is now significant as affecting the cause of beauty.
she stood looking at me, and, of course, i stood looking at her.
this is your house, golden one, and ours, and it belongs to no other men whatever as far as the earth may stretch.
the most conspicuous quotation beginnings are reproductions of newspaper clippings, advertisements, price lists, menus, telegrams, invitations, or parts of legal documents.
i cant make it out, said mr. dick, shaking his head.
she sat, at this time, and all the evening, on the old locker in her old little corner by the fire--ham beside her, where i used to sit.
the basic material of which all glass is made is, of course, sand.
it was so much, however, to her who received it, that she turned from defarge to his wife, and kissed one of the hands that knitted.
was the poor prisoner's cry with which he strengthened his sinking heart, as he left all that was dear on earth behind him, and floated away for the loadstone rock.
a dashing way he had of treating me like a plaything, was more agreeable to me than any behaviour he could have adopted.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
no, said he; not till it got about that there was no protection on the premises, and it come to be considered dangerous, with convicts and tag and rag and bobtail going up and down.
the maturing and seasonal fluctuation of the sex-instinct affords a good illustration.
on the opposite side of the courtyard, under a colonnade, was extensive standing--for carriages--where, indeed, some carriages of monseigneur yet stood.
his chair was opposite to the window, and he had taken his soup, and was raising his glass of bordeaux to his lips, when he put it down.
wednesday morning was dawning when i looked out of window.
master frederick turned to the table again.
everything was as it used to be, in the happy time.
fear walks through the city, fear without name, without shape.
he came to her relief with a fixed despair of himself which made the interview unlike any other that could have been holden.
but the principle always failed us by some curious fatality, and we never could hit any medium between redness and cinders.
this, however, would be a mistake, produced by attempting to give to words a precision which they do not possess when used by unsophisticated people.
nor did i look towards wemmick until i had finished all i had to tell, and had been for some time silently meeting mr. jaggerss look.
but mr. dick got taxed with such things in the course of his parliamentary career, and was made responsible for such awful consequences, that he became uncomfortable in his mind sometimes.
even so they might have managed it (for mikolas is a skilled man) but for cruel accidents which have almost taken the heart out of them.
as over a good joke and pardonable stratagem.
it belonged to them, they had only to pay the money and it would be all right.
the relation of father to son is called a one-many relation, because a man can have only one father but may have many sons; conversely, the relation of son to father is called a many-one relation.
he remained for a little, biting the handkerchief, and then said to me with a scowl: what more have you got to bring forward?
it plaited itself into whatever i thought of, as a bodily pain would have done.
but the logic by which this supposed organic nature of the world is nominally demonstrated appears to realists, as it does to me, to be faulty.
if he is eminent in any of the qualities which conduce to his own good, he is, so far, a proper object of admiration.
it gave her a strange and new sensation while his words were in her ears; and she remembered it long afterwards.
i have received a very singular letter, traddles, from mr. micawber.
but it was a very real sorrow for daisy's mistress.
from this employment she suddenly desisted, and said to steerforth, much to my confusion: whos your friend?
have you happened to miss such an article as a pie, blacksmith?
he rose, and i rose too; we grasped each other by the hand again, before going out.
i saw miss murdstone lay her beads down.
before this rumour, the crowd gradually melted away, and perhaps the guards came, and perhaps they never came, and this was the usual progress of a mob.
as gawaine's record of killings mounted higher the headmaster found it impossible to keep him completely in hand.
he found, however, that he did not have sufficient data concerning any one girl to enable him to tell the story of her transformation as an effective concrete case.
they never molested me seriously, though they bedded with me; and they gradually disappeared, into what crevices i do not know, avoiding winter and unspeakable cold.
has the boy, said miss havisham, ever made any objection?
theres your old friend, you see, said traddles, nodding triumphantly at the flower-pot and stand; and theres the table with the marble top!
the morning worker, it will be noted, was employed for only six hours.
ever hear of jones the packer, hey, ole chappie?
thus, by an unconscious equivocation, we arrive at the conclusion that whatever we can apprehend must be in our minds.
no, master, he answered with a short laugh.
love and hate, for example, are ethical opposites, but to philosophy they are closely analogous attitudes towards objects.
and i think we ought to consider that mr. micawber did right, for rights sake, when we reflect what terms he might have made with uriah heep himself, for his silence.
our good pross, defarge, is an english lady, and knows no french.
are you sure you didn't misunderstand her?
my dear dora, unless we learn to do our duty to those whom we employ, they will never learn to do their duty to us.
the complete disappearance of teeth from the human mouth is the condition towards which the most highly cultivated classes of humanity are drifting.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
this would occasion a diversion in jips favour, and some inking of his nose, perhaps, as a penalty.
jerry hoarsely professed himself at miss pross's service.
we said: we shall not report our find to the city council.
in spite, therefore, of its appeal to detailed results in various sciences, it cannot be regarded as any more genuinely scientific than the classical tradition which it has replaced.
why, that's more than i'm gettin' now on the farm!
moreover, the very same definitions can be applied to particulars which are not sensations.
i was going to excuse myself, when he added, wemmicks coming.
we have no doubt that you think you like her very much.
the greatness of england is now all collective: individually small, we only appear capable of anything great by our habit of combining; and with this our moral and religious philanthropists are perfectly contented.
many think that hay is best made when the grass is thickest; and so they delay until it is rank and in flower, and has already heavily pulled the ground.
they are so vast and magnificent that the latter seem to be only vermin which infest them.
all day long the red squirrels came and went, and afforded me much entertainment by their manuvres.
as often as i caught the younger brother's eyes, their expression reminded me that he disliked me deeply, for knowing what i knew from the boy.
but there was a quantity of chalk about our country, and perhaps the people neglected no opportunity of turning it to account.
his getting on his box, which i remember to have been decorated with an old weather-stained pea-green hammercloth moth-eaten into rags, was quite a work of time.
agreements to compound for a wrong are perhaps the earliest type.
the commonest one is to send the author a printed slip expressing regret that the manuscript is not acceptable and encouraging him to submit something else.
the door-keeper will pass the note to mr. lorry, and do you make any gesture that will attract mr. lorry's attention, and show him where you stand.
i have a better right to it than any other man!
most of them show lack of intelligent constructive thought on the matter in hand.
the night is the winter, the morning and evening are the spring and fall, and the noon is the summer.
is there variety in sentence length and structure?
if so, we shall be able theoretically to reach events which are not processes.
like some other mothers, whom i have known in the course of my life, mrs. markleham was far more fond of pleasure than her daughter was.
underneath it, somehow, lies a great law, the law of service.
it scarcely sounded flattering, but i knew she meant well.
joe and i gasped, and looked at one another.
there was a neat little girl in attendance, who looked after the aged in the day.
i feel more than other people do, and i show it more.
in judging such things as ice cream freezers, motorcycles, filing systems, fertilizers, rapid-firing guns, and other useful devices, you will find no great difficulty in choosing your standards.
joe made the fire and swept the hearth, and then we went to the door to listen for the chaise-cart.
i passed three days in a luxury of wretchedness, torturing myself by putting every conceivable variety of discouraging construction on all that ever had taken place between dora and me.
one thing, willy-nilly, we have done,--or rather nature has done it for us.
and now it is, that i begin to see her solitary brother passing through the dark streets at night, and looking, as he goes, among the wandering faces.
after mr. pumblechook had driven off, and when my sister was washing up, i stole into the forge to joe, and remained by him until he had done for the night.
long after these constitutional powers had dispersed, my sister lay very ill in bed.
she repeated in the same tone, sunk to a whisper, i have been free, i have been happy, yet his ghost has never haunted me!
it was done when you were more than ten years old; you might have seen it.
i once invested in some--not younger's--which i kept for nearly sixteen years, and which was still treacle at the end.
there is a rare music now in the unmusical call of the phoebe-bird--it is so suggestive.
some bright jewels sparkled on her neck and on her hands, and some other jewels lay sparkling on the table.
the one hundred and twenty-five dollars annually subscribed for a lyceum in the winter is better spent than any other equal sum raised in the town.
commonly they did not think that they were lucky, or well paid for their time, unless they got a long string of fish, though they had the opportunity of seeing the pond all the while.
this seems to be a distinction peculiar to himself.
but no, sir, no; i doent mean as it should be deserted.
with wonderful quickness, and with a strength both of will and action, that appeared quite supernatural, he forced all these changes upon him.
a hastily taken snap shot often proves unsatisfactory, whereas, if the camera had rested on a tripod, and if a slightly longer exposure had been given, a good negative would doubtless have resulted.
like the quest of the holy grail, the quest of minerva is not for all.
a few days later the classmate who had told me of the place came down for the summer and my troubles were at an end.
when it was dark, and he sat before the coffee-room fire, awaiting his dinner as he had awaited his breakfast, his mind was busily digging, digging, digging, in the live red coals.
there are clumps of purple cliffbrase and other tiny, exquisite ferns.
she came in between eleven o'clock and midnight, when the traffic of the court is at its heaviest, and it would be an hour, perhaps, before she was called to the bar.
he seemed to enjoy himself very much, and not to feel at all called upon to talk.
peggotty seemed to take this aspersion very much to heart, i thought.
but he lives unknown in england, he is no marquis there; he is mr. charles darnay.
if it is arbitrary, or at least has an arbitrary element, so are most codes of law.
all/right a vertical line between parts of a word shows that the parts are to be separated; thus, all right.
he manifestly chuckled over it for some time.
after all, the reader is always the destination of all writing; the place where the effect will be made is the reader's mind.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
there is an awkward gulf between the two, which raises difficulties for the theory of knowledge.
we know now, the natural antipathy you strove against, and conquered, for her dear sake.
jurgis would stand and gaze at the stranger by the hour, unable to believe that it had really happened.
this, however, is only a suggestion, which we cannot as yet develop further.
if thou be changed into this shape by the will of god, say the seers to the enchanted, in the wise arabian stories, then remain so!
when they do so, individual liberty will probably be as much exposed to invasion from the government, as it already is from public opinion.
i should be quite broken-hearted if you thought of leaving-- my mother was too much overcome to go on.
the government of the world i live in was not framed, like that of britain, in after-dinner conversations over the wine.
to see her with her white hair and her worn face kneeling at my feet gave me a shock through all my frame.
peet's policy has been to keep the bureau not only before the farmers but before the city people as well.
the argument from the existence of mnemic phenomena in physiology must therefore be allowed a certain weight against the hypothesis that mnemic causation is ultimate.
associations thus awakened, opened floodgates of sorrow.
the modern orchestra is the result of a long development, which it would not be profitable to trace in this book.
after this, the rest follows as with the englishman.
i receive a letter inviting me to dinner: the letter is a physical fact, but my apprehension of its meaning is mental.
and all the gravestones in the churchyard--it was a large churchyard that they were in--looking on like ghosts in white, while the church tower itself looked on like the ghost of a monstrous giant.
what an insubstantial, happy, foolish time!
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
i suspect it may have been because nothing had a place of its own, except jips pagoda, which invariably blocked up the main thoroughfare.
at length the new postilions are in their saddles, and the old are left behind.
one of the soldiers opened its wooden windows, another lighted the fire, another turned to at the bellows, the rest stood round the blaze, which was soon roaring.
i ant what i could wish myself to be, said mrs. gummidge.
when a simple, earnest spirit animates a college, there is no appreciable interval between the teacher and the taught--both are in the same class, the one a little more advanced than the other.
when i became joes prentice, orlick was perhaps confirmed in some suspicion that i should displace him; howbeit, he liked me still less.
finally, the series of instants will be compact if, given any two events of which one wholly precedes the other, there are events wholly after the one and simultaneous with something wholly before the other.
it is pitiful when a man bears a name for convenience merely, who has earned neither name nor fame.
and then there was potted game and potted grouse, potted ham, and deviled ham--de-vyled, as the men called it.
when the evening was pretty far spent, and a tray of glasses and decanters came in, steerforth promised, over the fire, that he would seriously think of going down into the country with me.
remember that the methods were made for you, not you for the methods.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
the doctor shaded his forehead with his hand, and beat his foot nervously on the ground.
for the first few days it seemed to her that she could not stand it--she suffered almost as much as jurgis had from the fertilizer, and would come out at sundown with her head fairly reeling.
over four hundred dollars is being given out in scholarships each month, and every scholarship shows good returns.
when you became engaged to the young lady whom you have just mentioned, did you make a regular proposal to her family?
i can soon tell whether a force pump is efficient; i may for some time pause before i estimate a picture or a lyric poem.
they are similar to those found in rivers; but as there are no suckers nor lampreys here, i know not by what fish they could be made.
a great deal of work professing to be experimental has been done in recent years on the psychology of thought.
the best thing ye kin do is to go back, and when ye git into town ask a policeman.
with the suggestion of a compromise gawaine mustered up enough courage to speak.
naturally the best rooms at the hotels went to the elder members of the party.
the very question i should have put to you, sir, returned mr. omer, but on account of delicacy.
it was business all the time; the business of service!
after a few dull efforts to get to sleep again, which the man dexterously combated by stirring the fire continuously for five minutes, he got up, tossed his hat on, and walked out.
the modern cheap and fertile press, with all its translations, has done little to bring us nearer to the heroic writers of antiquity.
he had a curious idea that the inkstand was on the side of him where it was not, and constantly dipped his pen into space, and seemed quite satisfied with the result.
it is scarcely worth mentioning; but, is it yet?
he had had them, to the best of my belief, from forty to fifty years.
accordingly analysis of these theories is one way of getting at the ends for which men have been striving through the legal order.
as a result of this, little stanislovas conceived a terror of the cold that was almost a mania.
i too sat down before the fire and gazed at the coals, and nothing was said for a long time.
he would probably be arrested if he tried it; and what story could he tell?
and she caught his wrist with both her hands.
the air felt cold upon the river, but it was a bright day, and the sunshine was very cheering.
we forget all men, all laws and all things save our metals and our wires.
reporter, editorial writer, exchange editor, make-up man, proof-reader, correspondent, advertisement solicitor, was i.
let us revert to the proposition 'two and two are four'.
there will then be just one perspective in which one of the new pennies looks circular and the other straight.
a charming woman indeed, sir, said mr. chillip; as amiable, i am sure, as it was possible to be!
emerson makes a definition of the civilization of america in the following selection wherein he describes the effect of american society and life upon the individual.
there are hundreds of porters who are doing this very thing; and there are at least dozens of porters who own real estate, automobiles, and other such material evidences of prosperity.
if your trade is with the celestial empire, then some small counting house on the coast, in some salem harbor, will be fixture enough.
but i could not help observing that he seemed to think he had hit upon a wonderful expedient for expressing himself in a neat, agreeable, and pointed manner, without the inconvenience of inventing conversation.
all he could do, was to say to me, like a robin redbreast--as he is--its a boy.
the future inhabitants of this region, wherever they may place their houses, may be sure that they have been anticipated.
for the two hundred on the day mentioned there were fifty places.
the familiar essay can be an impressionistic reflection of the author's experience in the mighty issues of living, or it may be the frank expression of a mere whim.
in the fine time, i shall set outside the door as i used to do.
these martial strains seemed as far away as palestine, and reminded me of a march of crusaders in the horizon, with a slight tantivy and tremulous motion of the elm-tree tops which overhang the village.
my telling him so, appeared to relieve him; and he shook hands with me.
the millions are awake enough for physical labor; but only one in a million is awake enough for effective intellectual exertion, only one in a hundred millions to a poetic or divine life.
so they drove downtown and stopped before an imposing granite building, in which they interviewed an official, who had the papers all ready, with only the names to be filled in.
since the desire in this part of the process of defining is to set individuals apart, no mention will be made of qualities that are shared in common but only of those that are peculiar to the individual.
nearest to all things is that power which fashions their being.
but when the friction comes to have its machine, and oppression and robbery are organized, i say, let us not have such a machine any longer.
hardly a man takes a half hours nap after dinner, but when he wakes he holds up his head and asks, whats the news?
all the family learned it along with her--that when you have once got a job in packingtown, you hang on to it, come what will.
not a blind was raised; no sign of life was in the dull paved court, with its covered way leading to the disused door.
little is to be expected of a nation, when the vegetable mould is exhausted, and it is compelled to make manure of the bones of its fathers.
he was all that she had to look to, and if he failed she would be lost; he would wrap his arms about her, and try to hide her from the world.
it was here that i took mr. micawber aside, and received his promise.
poni aniele had a four-room flat in one of that wilderness of two-story frame tenements that lie back of the yards.
as to the convicts, they went their way with the coach, and i knew at what point they would be spirited off to the river.
an example of such principles--perhaps the most important example is the inductive principle, which we considered in the preceding chapter.
and they didn't know how to work, and of course it would not do for the democratic workers, the noble redskins of the war whoop league, to support the republican openly.
he would open it and look at it as if he were reading, but would remain for a whole hour without turning the leaf, and then put it down and walk to and fro in the room.
if only he could get some sort of a job before he went--if that last boss had only been willing to try him!
it might be religious in its origin, but it would not be persecution for religion, since nobody's religion makes it a duty to eat pork.
dear me, said traddles, what a delightful re-union this is!
i see that my neighbor, who bears the familiar epithet william or edwin, takes it off with his jacket.
what, for the average reader, is the source of interest in the article?
but, you understand that that was not the child i am speaking of?
christian morality (so called) has all the characters of a reaction; it is, in great part, a protest against paganism.
it is a ridiculous demand which england and america make, that you shall speak so that they can understand you.
from the shadow of this wall, i think, said i, as we emerged upon a road on which a wall abutted.
organized newspaper syndicates furnish many papers with reading matter of all kinds.
silence ensued, and i was considering how i could best disengage my shoulder from his hand, and go away, when he said: i suppose you are a pretty sharp fellow still?
young or old, davy dear, as long as i am alive and have this house over my head, said peggotty, you shall find it as if i expected you here directly minute.
the american falls do not inspire this feeling in the same way as the canadian.
movements produced in this way are vital movements, while mechanical movements are those in which the stored energy of a living body is not involved.
at the same time this nurse picked up mrs.
put that last case to yourself very carefully.
suppose, for instance, that i am in my room.
for the anecdote is, we see, really in the main flow of washington's nature.
when i saw him in the light, i observed, not only that his hair was long and ragged, but that his face was burnt dark by the sun.
at least take some assistance, i returned, until you have tried.
says you, pumblechook went on, joseph, i have seen that man, and that man bears you no malice and bears me no malice.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
the united states is in north america.
the wildness and adventure that are in fishing still recommended it to me.
dear me, said traddles, opening his eyes, i had no idea you were such a determined character, copperfield!
said i, when we were sitting together, side by side; i have missed you so much, lately!
and will not sue lose, possibly, some of the gentle manners and dainty ways inculcated at home, by close contact with divers other ways and manners?
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
she was beginning to breathe hard again.
ona, too, was dissatisfied with her place, and had far more reason than marija.
i saw an old man the other day, to my astonishment, making the holes with a hoe for the seventieth time at least, and not for himself to lie down in!
and god only knows how good them mothers was to me!
good-bye, pip!you will always keep the name of pip, you know.
trot, my dear, she said, when i opened my eyes, i couldnt make up my mind to disturb you.
and i hope it is not at all unlikely that he may expand (as a clerk of your acquaintance has expanded) into a partner.
the arsenic produces certain physiological changes, which take a finite time before they end in death.
he can introduce a felicity with a noiselessness that numbers him for a flying second among the sovereigns of english.
i will tell you what i should, under any other circumstances, as soon have thought of telling to--jack ketch.
it is a large organization; and it generally is what it chooses to consider itself.
it was the pleasantest tea-table in the world.
cried mr. micawber, running into the room; what is the matter?
i could not see where his wound was, as i kneeled on one knee over him; but, i could see that he was dying of a wound from a sharp point.
oh, if thats all, master copperfield, said uriah, and it really isnt our umbleness that prevents you, will you come this evening?
having selected the main topics and having decided in a general way how he intended to develop each one, he then fixed upon the best order in which to present them.
i see youd been a reading of em when i come in.
he realized later what he had done and apologized, but of what good is an apology in such circumstances?
each paragraph definitely advances the cause of the controlling purpose.
to this hour i am undecided whether it was upon the whole the wisest thing i could have done, or the most ridiculous.
a people, it appears, may be progressive for a certain length of time, and then stop: when does it stop?
in this sense the first property is group property rather than individual property.
still, there was no abatement in the storm, but it blew harder.
lucie, i recall these old troubles in the reason that i have to-night for loving you better than words can tell, and thanking god for my great happiness.
yet the spirit can for the time pervade and control every member and function of the body, and transmute what in form is the grossest sensuality into purity and devotion.
hed write letters by the ream, if it was a capital offence!
they had his name by this time in st. louis and new york, in omaha and boston, in kansas city and st. joseph.
the old fiddle squeaks and shrieks in protest, but tamoszius has no mercy.
i replied with such an expressive look, that mr. chillip was emboldened by that, and the negus together, to give his head several short shakes, and thoughtfully exclaim, ah, dear me!
on its being mentioned, i recognized it, however, and said as much.
cried i. youd have said so, if you had seen her, standing on a chair in the witness-box at the trial, as i did, said my friend.
would they not be kinder if they employed themselves there?
above her protests jurgis heard ona again; he was almost out of his mind.
by the firelight, answered herbert, coming close again.
i told him what the noble spirit that was gone, had given me in charge to say at parting.
but lawyers, sharks, and leeches, are not easily satisfied, you know!
thus, we walked through wemmicks greenhouse, until he turned to me and said, notice the man i shall shake hands with.
by shutting out the erroneous interpretations, one by one, the errors are finally disposed of.
neither did i like to say, that i hoped he had not been too communicative to uriah; or to inquire if they had talked much about me.
she gave my hand a squeeze, and shook her head.
yes, he said; but then i don't like to go there after i left them--and while i have nothing to do, and while you--you-- go on!
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
but the chemist notices that it does not stand so high in the closed end of the tube as it did when placed in the incubator.
aint there nothing i could do for your dear aunt, mr. copperfull?
would i only come and look at the range?
others in england and america turned to a utilitarian-analytical theory.
but she did not fall from the horse, neither was she riding fast.
although her face was quite bright and happy, there was a tranquillity about it, and about her--a quiet, good, calm spirit--that i never have forgotten; that i shall never forget.
sometimes my aunt and dora were invited to do so, and accepted the invitation.
i have been thrown among one family of your relations, miss havisham, and have been constantly among them since i went to london.
she is at present apprenticed, miss mowcher, or articled, or whatever it may be, to omer and joram, haberdashers, milliners, and so forth, in this town.
she--as had never seen it in her life--alone--without a penny--young--so pretty--come to london.
they both had little bright round twinkling eyes, by the way, which were like birds eyes.
its not much to be particular about, said the sergeant; itll do you small good, my man, being in the same plight yourself.
he nodded assent, and pulled out his thief-dreaded watch, and asked me where i was going to dine?
perhaps from mice, to which she had a great objection.
can you establish any final general law about the relation of dates and qualities?
though he said it with a grave smile of earnestness, and though he even put the old man's hand to his lips, he did not part from him then.
but, however that may be, resumed the nephew, glancing at him with deep distrust, i know that your diplomacy would stop me by any means, and would know no scruple as to means.
little by little she sank into a torpor--she fell silent.
as ideas of what law is for are so largely implicit in ideas of what law is, a brief survey of ideas of the nature of law from this standpoint will be useful.
we found him hard at work with his inkstand and papers, refreshed by the sight of the flower-pot stand and the little round table in a corner of the small apartment.
the nature of man was expressed by certain qualities possessed by him as a moral, rational creature.
there is nothing she would leave undone to prove it, said i.
the law says that the rate card shall be on the door of a hotel, but it does not say that it shall be in lithuanian.
in a week the district recruiting officer, a young lieutenant, drops in on his regular circuit.
but i declined these offers; being already aware that there were plenty of such covert practitioners in existence, and considering the commons quite bad enough, without my doing anything to make it worse.
england is very attractive to you, seeing how indifferently you have prospered there, he observed then, turning his calm face to his nephew with a smile.
he was waiting for us, in fact, at the public-house; and asked me how i found myself, like an old acquaintance.
mr. dick, said my aunt, what shall i do with this child?
soon the mountains would be whitened with the snows of winter and every rivulet swollen to a roaring torrent.
to do more than this is not possible in a world where mistakes must occur; and more than this no prudent advocate of philosophy would claim to have performed.
criticize, by the method used in this example: gang plows, electric street cars, football fields, art galleries (their architecture), adding machines, systems of bookkeeping.
mr. chesterton often inspires us to do some really new thinking by his ridiculous contentions.
carton, still drinking the punch, rejoined, why should i not approve?
she did every bit of the work in her house for a while in order to find out how long each job took.
they might stand for st. george, although his costume was a little out of the regular form at jamaica plain, but the dragon was another thing.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
he stands up to you like--like a--why i dont know what he dont stand up to you like.
the time was at hand when the coach was to call for us.
instead of falling silent at the end, the bell broke into a sudden clangor.
the elfin suddenness with which she pounced upon me with this question, and a searching look, quite disconcerted me for a moment.
it came on briskly, and came up to the front of the chateau.
oh, thank you, master--mister copperfield!
let us further suppose that it exists only for a very brief time, say a second.
to a man who is struggling with a complicated burden of perplexity and disquiet, such a reception is trying, i assure you.
i did that last night, said uriah; but itll ripen yet!
its the best news i have heard for many a day.
the unqualified truth is, that when i loved estella with the love of a man, i loved her simply because i found her irresistible.
hold of it was lost in the raging fever of a nation, as it is in the fever of one patient.
i wouldnt say it, if i wasnt sure that i am.
in the strict law individualization was to be excluded by hard and fast mechanical procedure.
all day, she seemed to pervade the whole house.
they threw seeds from their hand as if they deigned to fling a scornful gift, and the earth was a beggar under their feet.
only that day dawns to which we are awake.
without this cooling agent it would be impossible for men to work so close to the heat of the molten glass.
find the door where the witnesses go in, and show the door-keeper this note for mr. lorry.
as he happened to go out now, and as wemmick was brisk and talkative, i said to wemmick that i hardly knew what to make of mr. jaggerss manner.
jurgis was about to say, i have the money for him, but he restrained himself.
such adventures are the treasure troves of the skilful reporter.
you are afraid of nothing else, i think, said i.
better legal machinery extends the field of legal effectiveness as better machinery has extended the field of industrial effectiveness.
though it has made distinct advances in the establishment of pension funds and death benefits, it is hardly to be classed as a philanthropy.
little emly had stopped and looked up at the sky in her enumeration of these articles, as if they were a glorious vision.
the course terminated, and mr. pumblechook had begun to beam under the genial influence of gin and water.
if he looks out through the glass, the boldest boy (steerforth excepted) stops in the middle of a shout or yell, and becomes contemplative.
few of us ever ask ourselves, for example, what reason there is to suppose the food we are just going to eat will not turn out to be poison.
everyone is to respect the personality of others; he is not to interfere with those interests and powers of action, conceded to others by the social order, which make up their legal personality.
holidays, seasonal events, and anniversaries may thus be anticipated, and special articles may be sent to editors some time in advance of the occasion that makes them timely.
look at his face; aint it written there?
i wonder, i do, at your making such ungrateful speeches, sobbed dora.
well, but i mean a four-footed squeaker, said mr. pumblechook.
one good rain will fill their little heaven with mosquitoes.
i am not so unreasonable, sir, as to think you at all responsible for my mistakes and wrong conclusions; but i always supposed it was miss havisham.
and we had nothing to eat, and oh, it was so cold!
hence, in accordance with occam's razor, we shall do well to abstain from either assuming or denying points and instants.
on this branch of the subject i have a voice and an opinion.
he saw the lawyer look up and laugh, and he gave a gasp; the man said something to szedvilas, and jurgis turned upon his friend, his heart almost stopping.
the servant went to it, and come from it, and went to it again.
i have been looking everywhere for my bench, and i can't find it.
no doubt he would be, if he could, returned the landlord, but he cant.
my dear young soul, returned miss mowcher, squeezing her hands upon her heart one over the other.
as the child came into the operating-room he presented an extremely pathetic figure--small, naked, thin, with a closely cropped head of black hair, and a face pinched and blanched with fear.
therefore we should receive the benefit of his light and heat with a corresponding trust and magnanimity.
she had not yet sufficiently recovered from her agitation to be quite prepared for the visit we had to make.
professors, being impractical and visionary, cannot always see these things in their true proportions.
so it may be possible to fill this up to a uniform depth, and divert a lot of water for the power-houses.
the more i think of him, the more certain i am of him.
this method, if it is judiciously used, adds interest.
as he had treated me at school differently from all the rest, i joyfully believed that he treated me in life unlike any other friend he had.
it was certainly too bad--if only he had not got into jail-- and so jurgis turned and staggered away.
but still the discussion went on, in ordinary conversational tones, and it brought jurgis back to the everyday world.
what kant maintained was that in all our experience there are two elements to be distinguished, the one due to the object (i.e.
in other words, criticism increases our intelligent reaction to life.
for this purpose we will adopt certain definitions.
never, answered the mender of roads, recovering his perpendicular.
again, i catch rare glimpses of my mother, moving her lips timidly between the two, with one of them muttering at each ear like low thunder.
so dont tell no more on em, pip, and live well and die happy.
the second of these two conditions is in this country every day diminishing.
you cannot know the night by sitting up; she will sit up with you.
the watchman had not particularly noticed; he should say a working person; to the best of his belief, he had a dust-colored kind of clothes on, under a dark coat.
it was, properly, a half-holiday; being saturday.
mrs. pocket finishing her orange at about the same time, and not approving of this, said to jane, you naughty child, how dare you?
bob swore!--as the englishman said for good night, when he first learnt french, and thought it so like english.
the porter is taught that a sheet once unfolded cannot be used again.
derivative beliefs in this sense constantly arise without any process of logical inference, merely by association of ideas or some equally extra-logical process.
hannah, utterly self-forgetful despite ten hours a day in the mills, hurled herself into the new work.
the brief paragraph which follows illustrates the principle in a slight space.
its easier than bellowsing and hammering.thats loaded, that is.
yet as one reads the reports attentively he cannot doubt that in action it is an important engine of justice; that it is a needed safety valve in the working of our legal system.
on another occasion, when we three were together, this same dear baby--it was truly dear to me, for our mothers sake--was the innocent occasion of miss murdstones going into a passion.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
i may mention at once that this became an annual custom.
no, i do not anticipate any trouble about my brookside.
child, returned my aunt, taking my arm, come in, and dont speak to me for ten minutes.
it was daylight when we reached the temple, and i went at once to bed, and lay in bed all day.
either of these tasks is sufficient to demand all your powers; together, they offer a really overwhelming problem.
i saw miss havisham put her hand to her heart and hold it there, as she sat looking by turns at estella and at me.
i know your engagements, said he, and i know you are out of sorts, mr. pip.
once, when berrying, i met with a cat with young kittens in the woods, quite wild, and they all, like their mother, had their backs up and were fiercely spitting at me.
i really go to-night, for the case has become too pressing to admit of delay.
kindness to the unfortunates under their care is impressed upon every employee of the colony, and an iron-bound rule forbids them to strike a patient even in case of assault.
in two or three minutes the bee is seen rising slowly and heavily from the box.
round upon all these darkening objects as the night drew on, the marquis looked, with the air of one who was coming near home.
put the case that, at the same time he held a trust to find a child for an eccentric rich lady to adopt and bring up.
while these reminiscent pages were appearing serially i was remonstrated with for bad economy; as if such writing were a form of self-indulgence wasting the substance of future volumes.
the partridge and the rabbit are still sure to thrive, like true natives of the soil, whatever revolutions occur.
* you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
the seizures frequently come on without warning, and the patient drops where he stands, often injuring himself severely.
and these three hours give us strength for our hours above the ground.
in a thorough survey of beethoven's music no sonata or quartette may be omitted.
if we suppose it effected, what would become of the difference between vital and mechanical movements?
this may be true; but in any case i think the only ingredients required in addition to sensations are images.
he was a genial freebooter, living off the enemy, without fear or shame.
mr. wopsles great-aunt, besides keeping this educational institution, kept in the same rooma little general shop.
it is clear that our sensations, considered as irregular appearances of physical objects, share the causal dependence belonging to comparatively distant appearances; therefore in our sensational life we are in causal dependence upon physical laws.
on the third day of her being there, he noticed her.
theres no way out of it, mr. wickfield, sir, observed uriah, when its got to this.
the standard to which he does refer it, is the custom of his nation, his class, or his religious profession.
have you no remembrance of the occasion?
defarge gave into his anxious hand, an open scrap of paper.
the chickens, which had also taken shelter here from the rain, stalked about the room like members of the family, too humanized methought to roast well.
the first band passed, and the people were waving flags and handkerchiefs from the windows.
it was at this point that she met cynthelia isgrig knefler, a leisure-class young woman, who had been gripped by a sense of the unevenness of the human struggle.
then i aways to him, and i says, i wish it could have been so, but it cant.
when we had written a little while, i would ask herbert how he got on?
i had found sublimity and wonder in the dread heights and precipices, in the roaring torrents, and the wastes of ice and snow; but as yet, they had taught me nothing else.
all would unite under the one heading of general progress, and so long as they were kept distinct would be serviceable.
this, however, was really not the advantage it seemed, for the newspaper advertisements were a cause of much loss of precious time and of many weary journeys.
former students of his at amherst have told me of the lasting stimulus his teaching has given them: that he can beautifully practise what he preaches of the art of writing, this essay shows.
said mr. jaggers, warming the backs of his legs with the backs of his warmed hands, ill be plain with you, my friend pip.
i often glanced at it, for she sat in the window all the time we were at work; and made our breakfast, which we took by snatches as we were employed.
but, if any man in that neighborhood could stand uplong against joe, i never saw the man.
outside tellson's--never by any means in it, unless called in--was an odd-job-man, an occasional porter and messenger, who served as the live sign of the house.
he said he would never, never part with it any more; and i thought he must be quite a fool not to know that it would fall to pieces in a day or two.
first, then, discover the problem that your hero faced in the relation of his character to itself and to its times.
captain mahan's chosen example is the british occupation of egypt.
but direct acquaintance of this kind is given fully in sensation, and does not require, so far as i can see, any special faculty of intuition for its apprehension.
were the principle here indicated fully carried out, pronunciations now condemned as vulgarisms would displace those now considered correct.
i made some attempt to get up and dress myself.
i told you she took everything, herself included, to a grindstone, and sharpened it.
but, answers one, by merely paying this tax the poor civilized man secures an abode which is a palace compared with the savages.
you cant believe how ill-tempered and shocking she is, julia.
the legal idea, so far as there is one, is not one of obligation but of a property right in the creditor.
his pull had run up against a bigger pull, and he was down and out!
and here's mrs. cruncher, or leastways wos in the old england times, and would be to-morrow, if cause given, a floppin' again the business to that degree as is ruinating--stark ruinating!
to deposit means to put money in the bank.
what may, with some propriety, be called self-deception arises through the operation of desires for beliefs.
it was full of imaginative pictures of trains fifty years hence, and thereto was appended sanguine letter-press.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
my practice is nowhere, my opinion is here.
he made his face shine with the punch, so that it looked as if it had been varnished all over.
never in a debtors' prison?--come, once again.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
the houses lay to the south, about a mile and a half from the yards; they were wonderful bargains, the gentleman had assured them--personally, and for their own good.
she gently chid me for being rude; and, keeping me close to her shawl, turned to thank the gentleman for taking so much trouble as to bring her home.
for the governors are as much the slaves of their organisation and discipline, as the governed are of the governors.
they went a long way, on purpose to find a man who would not be a confederate.
traddles, appealed to by mrs. micawbers eye, feelingly acquiesced.
but in the case of objects of sense this is not obvious; indeed, as we saw, the common-sense view is that such objects persist in the absence of any percipient.
at all events, my love, said i, doctor strong is in an agitated state of mind, and must be answered.
it is scarcely worth mentioning, only its as well to do as other people do.
some of us at tellson's are getting old, and we really can't be troubled out of the ordinary course without due occasion.
the box was taken out to his cart, and lifted in.
when i awoke, i was much surprised to find joe sitting beside me, smoking his pipe.
my daughter lucie is, in this one respect, such a mystery to me; i can make no guess at the state of her heart.
i therefore told him my small story, and laid stress on my being forbidden to inquire who my benefactor was.
for a time it seemed that the church might succeed in establishing a jurisdiction over promises.
as the chances of life have brought us together again, and may bring us together on other occasions, i would say, let us meet here as distant acquaintances.
i had taught her what i could, for the love of all her beautiful and virtuous qualities.
aristocracy (through physical strength; through birth; through property).
at last i began to believe, that, in the flighty and unsettled state of his mind, he had either forgotten his intention or abandoned it.
trust me, i will indeed, said i, shaking hands with ham earnestly.
returned the mender of roads, with extended finger.
i believe i should have been almost stupefied but for one circumstance.
i am persuaded, not only that this was quite the same to mr. micawber as paying the money, but that traddles himself hardly knew the difference until he had had time to think about it.
in the modern hotel tipping becomes a vast and complex thing--waiters, doormen, hat boys, chambermaids, bell boys, porters--the list seems almost unending.
i may have fallen into such doubts as i have had, through this mistake.
it was not so much a reproach as an irresistible thinking aloud.
i followed next to her, and joe came last.
our residence at canterbury, and our local connexion, will, no doubt, enable him to take advantage of any vacancy that may arise in the cathedral corps.
at one we dined, mr. mell and i, at the upper end of a long bare dining-room, full of deal tables, and smelling of fat.
it is only so that we can account for the complacency with which philosophers have accepted the inconsistency of their doctrines with all the common and scientific facts which seem best established and most worthy of belief.
the concord hunter told him what he knew and offered him the skin; but the other declined it and departed.
you doent know half the change thats come, in course of time, upon me, when you think it likely.
but he had eaten such a big dinner, and he was so exhausted, and the hall was so warm, and his seat was so comfortable!
uriah, without lifting his eyes from the ground, shuffled across the room with his hand to his chin, and pausing at the door, said: copperfield, i have always hated you.
mr. dick leaning thoughtfully on a great kite, such as we had often been out together to fly, with more luggage piled about him!
who would live there where a body can never think for the barking of bose?
peggotty gave a gasp, as if she were swallowing something that was very hard, and, putting out her hand, said: come and see him.
if your sheet music is torn or the window shade needs repairing, or there is a cracked pane of glass in the barn or in a rear window, apply a strip or patch of suitable size.
among the works of man, which human life is rightly employed in perfecting and beautifying, the first in importance surely is man himself.
we have removed, from buckingham street, to a pleasant little cottage very near the one i looked at, when my enthusiasm first came on.
the steel-works were fifteen miles away, and as usual it was so contrived that one had to pay two fares to get there.
needless to say, they are very strong, and the upper surface is quite smooth so that the runners will slide easily, and there is a raised edge on each to keep them from gliding off sideways.
for years after it occurred, i dreamed of it often.
afterward, when he saw the despair of his family, and reckoned up the money he had spent, the tears came into his eyes, and he began the long battle with the specter.
if you are chosen town-clerk, forsooth, you cannot go to tierra del fuego this summer: but you may go to the land of infernal fire nevertheless.
i wonder miss havisham could part with you again so soon.
inquired mr. lorry, seeing that she moved as they moved.
so we walked to the door, and we threw it open, and we stepped together into the house of the unmentionable times.
oh, goroo!--which he screwed out of himself, with an energy that made his eyes start in his head.
she said it so finally, and in such an undiscussible way, that mr. pumblechook, though in a condition of ruffled dignity, could not protest.
all that she, mrs. crupp, stipulated for, was, that she should not be brought in contract with such persons.
also the politically ambitious individual and the masterful aristocrat were continually threatening the none too stable political organization through which the general security got a precarious protection.
indeed, it was almost noon when the headmaster found him cowering in bed, with the clothes pulled over his head.
the one on the right is a bolshevik; he has a low forehead and beetling brows--a most unpleasant man.
our dreamers have dreamed about many wonderful things, but their faces have been averted from the mightier issues of life.
indeed, when i knew her better i began to think it was a mercy she had any features at all, so very blank and high was the dead wall of her face.
i never saw you do it yet, muttered carton.
they are the sublimest recreation of the intellect.
sometimes they may be skillfully embodied in the replies; again they may be implied merely, or entirely omitted.
the pale young gentleman and i stood contemplating one another in barnards inn, until we both burst out laughing.
as yet, little dora was quite unconscious of my desperate firmness, otherwise than as my letters darkly shadowed it forth.
just beyond here, in the narrows, the water is so shallow that you can get the whole length of your body into every sweep.
perfectly calm and steady, he sometimes repeated them to himself as he walked; but, he heard them always.
she will speak differently in a little time.
every word he spoke to me i felt as an insult.
he caught her hand in his, and began to clasp it frantically, calling: look at me!
why does traddles look so important when he calls upon me this afternoon in the commons--where i still occasionally attend, for forms sake, when i have time?
it was on a day of the spring before last.
every afternoon at about the time when the public lamps were lighted, they fared forth on this duty, and made and brought home such purchases as were needful.
but we considered ourselves well off, notwithstanding, for a more solitary place we could not have found.
when i saw you, for the first time, coming out at the door, with your quaint little basket of keys hanging at your side?
any gap at your fireside on such a night--such a gap least of all--i wouldnt make, for the wealth of the indies!
so long they had toiled, and such an outlay they had made!
with the liability to accident, we must see how little account is to be made of it.
the prison of la force was a gloomy prison, dark and filthy, and with a horrible smell of foul sleep in it.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
she aint my child; i never had one; but i couldnt love her more.
life seems often wildly inconsistent, but we demand that explanation of it or any phase of it be arranged according to what seems to us some logical law of progression, some consistent point of view.
hence it has been easy for us to assume that courts did no more than genuinely interpret legislative texts and deduce the logical content of authoritatively established traditional principles.
you do not find in the essay a discussion of the lucrative value of bees, nor of the complicated life of the hive, nor of the present standing of the science of bee-keeping.
what she giv, said joe, she giv to his friends.
neither of them asserts propositions which, like those of history and geography, depend upon the actual concrete facts being just what they are.
soon, however, the remaining beans will be too tough for them, and go forward to meet new foes.
it is in this way that many scientific hypotheses acquire their probability.
i am at present out of employment, and should be happy to meet with a respectable situation.
a newer development of this machine does away with the gatherer.
he had managed for me, in my absence, with the soundest judgement; and my worldly affairs were prospering.
the same applies to the law of causality, or, to descend to what is less general, to such principles as the law of gravitation.
she might think you wanted something,expected something of her.
figgis, studies of political thought from gerson to grotius, lect.
the essence of the sort of entity that plato meant is that it is opposed to the particular things that are given in sensation.
where a residence stood back from the sidewalk coal had often to be carried from the motor truck in baskets.
behind the counter the women who had made these things possible smiled happily and dished out pudding, beans and soup with generous impartiality.
we formed a straight line of perspectives in which the penny looked circular, and we agreed that those in which it looked larger were to be considered as nearer to the penny.
and she was only a girl, she was barely eighteen!
wasnt aware you had a grand-nephew, i give you my word, said mr. wickfield.
this gave him many friends--all of whom he had gotten together into the war whoop league, whose clubhouse you might see just outside of the yards.
the defarges, husband and wife, came lumbering under the starlight, in their public vehicle, to that gate of paris whereunto their journey naturally tended.
the definition of such a method is a technical matter, which dr whitehead and i have dealt with elsewhere, and which we need not enter into on this occasion.
she seemed to delight in teasing me, which was a change in her i wondered at very much.
mr. lorry quietly chafed the hands that held his arm.
exclaimed the gaoler, left with his wife.
for heavens sake, tell me whats the matter!
when she spoke to him, he listened, and in due course answered, but never looked at her, that i could see.
if we can show that such statements as this really deal only with universals, our proposition may be regarded as proved.
it was, in effect, that the cook had mislaid the beef.
her husband had fallen in battle just one month before our arrival in her home.
i made my gentleman a distant bow, and peggotty barely recognized him.
oh, its such a relief, you cant think, to know that you understand our situation, and are certain (as you wouldnt wish to make unpleasantness in the family) not to go against me!
he instantly jumped up, and it was not the same man, but another man!
a cold silvery mist had veiled the afternoon, and the moon was not yet up to scatter it.
it is in this way that you will give to your criticism one of its most valued qualities, appealing humanness.
not but what myself and micawber have our hands pretty full, in general, on account of mr. wickfields being hardly fit for any occupation, sir.
well, sir, i think i should have known you, if i had taken the liberty of looking more closely at you.
there sat grandmother majauszkiene, unrelenting, typifying fate.
it was paved and clean, but grass was growing in every crevice.
the job lady has established a minimum wage of four dollars a week.
i sank back on my pillow after drinking, and the face that looked so hopefully and tenderly upon me was the face of joe.
and i saw pistols in it,and jam,and pills.
and as i felt that it came quicker, and as i felt that he saw that it came quicker, i felt that i had less chance than ever of getting anything out of him.
by his tall figure, said the mender of roads, softly, and with his finger at his nose.
the gate of the cavern is despair, and its floor is paved with the gravestones of abandoned hopes.
upon which mrs. pocket received me with an appearance of amiable dignity.
i am very much put out about my ladybird.
in each, an old mental despotism had been thrown off, and no new one had yet taken its place.
if they should fail, they would certainly be lost; if they held out, they might have enough coal for the winter.
this is the only station for it in berkshire county.
you remember his breaking off here about some woman that he had had great trouble with.did i hurt you?
the sister was married, and her husband had bought the place when old antanas had decided to go with his son.
the new religion openly aimed at dissolving these ties: unless, therefore, it was his duty to adopt that religion, it seemed to be his duty to put it down.
it was very unfortunate that she should marry such a vagabond.
then she went in search of me; then in search of you, masr davy.
compare the two selections which follow, and determine which is the more interesting, and why.
when you see a friend coming along the street, you acquire knowledge of an external, physical fact; when you realize that you are glad to meet him, you acquire knowledge of a mental fact.
we were living now in the big old home.
our not remote ancestors held the right of life and death over the surrounding vulgar.
recent french authors do not hesitate to say that the attempt must be given over and that a new theory of civil delictal liability must be worked out.
she is thousands of miles away, from me, said i. patience, my dear handel: time enough, time enough.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
mr. cruncher beguiled the earlier watches of the night with solitary pipes, and did not start upon his excursion until nearly one o'clock.
of all things in the world, aunt, i should like it best!
the most ordinary intelligence can perceive without much reflection that anything of the sort is bound to be a fool's bargain.
old orlick hes been a bustin open a dwelling-ouse.
from behind the veil of the southernmost hill comes a faint note as from undiscoverable lips that blow an immaterial horn.
some are wrecked among the dizzy altitudes, others persevere through uncharted shoals, all make some kind of a noisy noise, and lo, it is accomplished; and intense relief sits enthroned on every dewy brow.
but with ona's dead body beneath his eyes, jurgis could not well think of treason to his child.
he was still muttering this when suddenly, at the corner, he came upon a green-grocery, with a tray full of cabbages in front of it.
we can kill more birds than we need for our food; we find water and fruit in the forest.
looking back, as i was saying, into the blank of my infancy, the first objects i can remember as standing out by themselves from a confusion of things, are my mother and peggotty.
it is very easy and natural for a london crowd to cheer.
no, said jurgis, she never went down-town.
jurgis would have liked to talk to her, he felt sure that she would have understood him.
swords flash out and flash back again.
indeed, it would be hard to say too much for him, said i; and biddy, we must often speak of these things, for of course i shall be often down here now.
they suggest not merely the purity of infancy, but a wisdom clarified by experience.
what with foddering the cattle and tending the store, we are kept from school too long, and our education is sadly neglected.
he described it as if he were there, and it was evident that he saw it vividly; perhaps he had not seen much in his life.
it is nothing to say that he hadnt a word to throw at a dog.
rage and fear have been especially studied by cannon, whose work is of the greatest importance.
this she was doing when peggotty came running in, and bounced down on the ground beside us, and went mad about us both for a quarter of an hour.
i pressed his hand in silence, for i could not forget that i had once meant to desert him.
the essayists, expounders, and preachers attack life vigorously and wrestle with the meaning of it.
an important public character arising in that hemisphere, shall i be told that its influence will not be felt at home?
almost before i could let down the steps, my aunt sprang in, i dont know how, and the man followed.
we must either brand cases of the third type as historical anomalies, of which we are gradually to rid ourselves, or else revise our notions of tort liability.
its position is just at that point where the street ceases, and the road begins to lie between a row of houses and the river.
i said that i did not blame him, or suspect him, or mistrust him, but i wanted assurance of the truth from him.
in all other respects, however, he was so composedly himself, that mr. lorry determined to have the aid he sought.
you see us here, quiet in our own home; our anxieties set at rest, our home restored to us; and knowing that, dear trotwood, you know all.
very few facts are able to tell their own story, without comments to bring out their meaning.
agnes played the piano to him, sat by him, and worked and talked, and played some games at dominoes with me.
he was the meekest of his sex, the mildest of little men.
mrs. crupp was taken with a troublesome cough, in the midst of which she articulated with much difficulty.
his friends might advise him, you know; now he is free.
later the anglo-american law of torts worked out, as a measure for those who are pursuing some affirmative course of conduct, the standard of what a reasonable, prudent man would do under the circumstances.
i believe that the logical grounds are adequate to the conclusion.
then freddie gave a number on the lake shore drive, and the carriage started away.
in this view, the supposed continued existence of sensible objects after they have ceased to be sensible will be a fallacious inference from the fact that they still have effects.
he said he would even have spent as much, to baulk or injure copperfield.
but even education works by conviction and persuasion as well as by compulsion, and it is by the former only that, when the period of education is past, the self-regarding virtues should be inculcated.
write a criticism by standards of this appreciative criticism.
one girl and three boys remained--in silence.
thus when, for example, we make a statement about julius caesar, it is plain that julius caesar himself is not before our minds, since we are not acquainted with him.
because the width of the column and of the page is fixed, and because type is not made of rubber, a headline must be built to fit the place it is to fill.
jurgis had nothing to put on but his shoes and his coat, and in half a minute he was out of the door.
you ought to stop drinking if you can't control yourself.
they seem to fear that some business corporation is going to get him away.
two mutton-chops, three potatoes, some split peas, a little flour, two ounces of butter, a pinch of salt, and all this black pepper.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
seen from opposite, when the sun is on them, they are blindingly white, and the clouds of spray show dark against them.
you oppose yourself to the profit of the business, said jerry, and me and my partners suffer.
when you hear this, your scythe is sharp enough; and i, when i heard it that june dawn, with everything quite silent except the birds, let down the scythe and bent myself to mow.
they also love low rooms and ample fires and great warm slopes of thatch.
old london bridge was soon passed, and old billingsgate market with its oyster-boats and dutchmen, and the white tower and traitors gate, and we were in among the tiers of shipping.
the boy's eyes light up with the picture.
at length, the steady ticking of the undisturbed clock on the wall tormented me to that degree that i resolved to go to bed.
heres the undertaker a coming, to see how youre a getting on with your work!
he appeared to be only too conscious of it himself.
when she had got down, she took me by the hand; led me, wondering, into the kitchen; and shut the door.
the punch being very nice, we sat there drinking it and talking, until it was almost nine oclock.
if youre master murdstone, said the lady, why do you go and give another name, first?
the war correspondent is a newspaper man assigned to cover a campaign.
the application of the general principles governing titles may best be shown by means of an article for which a title is desired.
no, they whispered, that is not what we wished to say.
he looked at the two, less and less attentively, and his eyes in gloomy abstraction sought the ground and looked about him in the old way.
let her call me mad, let her call me mad!
mr. peggotty gave his head another toss, as much as to say: of course he will.
he was a smooth one to talk, and was a dab at the ways of gentlefolks.
it occurred to me as inconsistent, that, for any mastering idea, he should have endangered his freedom, and even his life.
she rented a small cottage, and mr. wopsle had the room upstairs, where we students used to overhear him reading aloud in a most dignified and terrific manner, and occasionally bumping on the ceiling.
there were men and women, the latter clad for the most part in wrappers, the former in all stages of dishabille.
there's not a fork or a spoon in the collection, said miss pross, that i didn't cry over, last night after the box came, till i couldn't see it.
we feel dissatisfaction, and think that such and-such a thing would remove it; but in thinking this, we are theorizing, not observing a patent fact.
said i. bless you, yes, said mr. peggotty, and turned to with a will.
when we know that there is one object, and no more, having a certain property; and it will generally be implied that we do not have knowledge of the same object by acquaintance.
he will not thank you for troubling him.
its pity, said i, scornfully, as i finished my interrupted breakfast, that the man did not say what he had done and would do again.
marija's lesson came just in time to save ona from a similar fate.
i was brought here, i was brought to my living grave.
dear old pip, old chap, youre amost come round, sir.
we are content with nothing but the finest savours, the truest combinations; our wealth, and happy natural circumstances, have allowed us an education of the palate of which our natural aptitude was worthy.
miss dartle, i returned, you deepen the injury.
therefore, though they should fail immediately, they had better aim at something high.
they'll send me up for a year or two, i'm afraid.
with careful handling these mints will preserve their natural aroma, taste, and shape, and will keep for any length of time if sealed from the air.
i am responsible for them to myself, i act upon them, and i say no more about them.
mr. micawber read on, almost smacking his lips: to wit, in manner following, that is to say.
such opportunities as i have been enabled to alienate from my domestic duties, i have devoted to corresponding at some length with my family.
the apparatus is placed upon the printed matter that is to be read, with the row of crystals disposed at right angles to the line of type.
not a thread changes, in the house of the two little bird-like ladies.
the pond rises and falls, but whether regularly or not, and within what period, nobody knows, though, as usual, many pretend to know.
she withdrew her hand timidly from his arm as we stopped to speak to them, and blushed as she gave it to steerforth and to me.
this represented the middlemen's profits.
beyond their dark line there was a ribbon of clear sky, hardly broad enough to hold the red large moon.
now, my dear aunt, said i, drawing my chair nearer, i am uneasy in my mind about that.
i give no feed whatever to the chicken the first day he is in the coop, but i keep a supply of sour milk in the trough for him.
this greatly distressed mrs. pocket, who burst into tears on receiving the note, and said that it was an extraordinary thing that the neighbors couldnt mind their own business.
it was a fine chance to see the sights of the city, and the party had a merry time, with plenty of beer handed up from inside.
down to the busy city woman who to-day takes her recreation by digging in her flowerbeds, gardens have seemed a natural habitat for womankind, and garden activities have belonged to her by right.
if he gave me the least reason to think so, i would go over to lowestoft and prevent it by bringing him with me.
she sat immovable beside me; but, again i saw the stray tears on her face.
yet it scarcely or rarely appeals to the feelingsthose very mobile, those not very trusty parts of man.
not that i had really thought so, but because my conversational powers were effectually scattered.
ham nodded to me several times, as if he would have said so too.
it was a four-page weekly, which sold for less than half a cent a copy; its regular subscription list was a quarter of a million, and it went to every crossroads post office in america.
when people do not offer subjects, turn to nature, as mr. burroughs and mr. sharp and john muir have turned in our day, and as others have turned at times ever since there was an essay.
he could come and visit her, and sit in the kitchen and hold her hand, and he must manage to be content with that.
if i could ever find the twig he sits upon!
at these words, i observed the gentleman more attentively.
the partridge loves peas, but not those that go with her into the pot.
so it had finally been arranged--and they were to go and make an inspection the following sunday morning.
it was old orlick as you tumbled over on your stairs that night.
in the meantime mr. pocket grew grayer, and tried oftener to lift himself out of his perplexities by the hair.
young gentlemen is generally tired of beef and mutton: have a weal cutlet!
i observed then, for the first time, that the boots he had on were a good deal the worse for wear, and that his stocking was just breaking out in one place, like a bud.
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
raymond is a witness what nervous jerkings i have in my legs.
most of us too often forget the encyclopdias.
to the three jolly bargemen, therefore, i directed my steps.
it gave them pleasure to believe this, for scully stood as the people's man, and boasted of it boldly when election day came.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
what they wanted from a hog was all the profits that could be got out of him; and that was what they wanted from the workingman, and also that was what they wanted from the public.
the mender of roads, and two hundred and fifty particular friends, stood with folded arms at the fountain, looking at the pillar of fire in the sky.
as emlys eyes--which was heavy--see this woman better, mr. peggotty went on, she knowd as she was one of them as she had often talked to on the beach.
and in this matter of life and art it is not the why that matters so much to our happiness as the how.
would elzbieta think that he had come to sponge off her, or would she understand that he meant to get to work again and do his share?
the young lady, to whom all eyes had been turned before, and were now turned again, stood up where she had sat.
we got ashore among some slippery stones while we ate and drank what we had with us, and looked about.
men as well as women were passing out the tickets.
a bitter taste it is that such poor cattle always have in their mouths, and hard lives they live, jacques.
she bore all the burden of the festivities now.
it is not really long, in weeks or months; but, in my usage and experience, it is a weary, weary while.
it wants only the magnanimity and refinement.
whatever part the whip has touched is thenceforth palsied.
he speaks approvingly of international interference with turkey on account of the armenian atrocities.
all these trivial incidents belonged to the routine of life, and the return of morning.
when i had rung at the bell with an unsteady hand, i turned my back upon the gate, while i tried to get my breath and keep the beating of my heart moderately quiet.
mr. lorry was a pleasant sight too, beaming at all this in his little wig, and thanking his bachelor stars for having lighted him in his declining years to a home.
i didn't sleep all last night because i had discharged a good socialist!
i should have thought, said i, smiling, that that was a reason for your being in here too, ham.
let me turn now for a moment to the hedge and shrubbery screen which must intervene between my west border and the highway, and which is the crux of the garden.
in the center stands the bride, and, one by one, the men step into the enclosure and dance with her.
at any rate, it has never been demonstrated that they do us any harm under normal conditions.
who, after this imbecile display, can indulge the illusion that religious persecution has passed away, never to return?
but there is another question, said herbert.
traditional logic, since it holds that all propositions have the subject-predicate form, is unable to admit the reality of relations: all relations, it maintains, must be reduced to properties of the apparently related terms.
she took off her wrapper without even taking the trouble to turn her back to jurgis, and put on her corsets and dress.
it is obvious that it is only what goes on in our own minds that can be thus known immediately.
he has been twenty years at his trade and i only ten, yet he includes me.
kings and queens who wear a suit but once, though made by some tailor or dressmaker to their majesties, cannot know the comfort of wearing a suit that fits.
i answered no, and entreated her not to let me go.
the final cigarette of the day burned lazily in a corner of his mouth.
i was walking out with miss trotwood after tea, just at dark, and there he was, close to our house.
we were very pleasant, going down, and mr. spenlow gave me some hints in reference to my profession.
the largest pond is as sensitive to atmospheric changes as the globule of mercury in its tube.
we wanted to leap to our feet, as we have had to leap every morning of our life, but we remembered suddenly that no bell had rung and that there was no bell to ring anywhere.
put your hands to them; put your will to them.
and when you hear him go, i think youll say hes a stinger.
it was easy to escape from the palace of corrective detention.
it's enough for you, retorted mr. cruncher, to be the wife of a honest tradesman, and not to occupy your female mind with calculations when he took to his trade or when he didn't.
mr. omer nodded his head and rubbed his chin.
the answer here must, i think, be in the negative.
it is not to be wondered at, for stolen waters are proverbially sweet.
it is not enough that the content and the belief-feeling should coexist: it is necessary that there should be a specific relation between them, of the sort expressed by saying that the content is what is believed.
some show their kindness to the poor by employing them in their kitchens.
i think there was some compromise in the cap; but otherwise she was as weedy as in the early days of her mourning.
thus an instance of walking differs from an instance of man solely by the fact that it has a shorter life.
she was so quiet, and had such an orderly, good, and pretty way with her, that i did not like the thought of making her cry again.
with this project formed, we went to bed.
the way in which simplicity comes in from supposing that there really are physical objects is easily seen.
if that be so, do you see what, on the other hand, is involved in it?
but, as years went on, my dear boy would have wearied of his child-wife.
since i knew you, i have been troubled by a remorse that i thought would never reproach me again, and have heard whispers from old voices impelling me upward, that i thought were silent for ever.
in rejecting contributions, editorial offices follow various methods.
what is there in that fellow in the corner yonder,to use your words,that i need look at?
did you notice that little french girl with the yellow hair, that stood next to me in the court?
i had confided it to my aunt, but to no one else.
they frightened him with their savage mockery; and all the while his heart was far away, where his loved ones were calling.
as he extended his hand with a magnificently forgiving air, and as i was broken by illness and unfit to quarrel, i took it.
and mr. harmon called a timekeeper and said, take this man to pat murphy and tell him to find room for him somehow.
in point of meritorious character, the two things seemed about equal.
said herbert, getting up with a lively shake as if he had been asleep, and stirring the fire, now ill endeavor to make myself agreeable again!
he could not but admit to himself that he might not have made this journey, if he could have foreseen the events of a few days.
let him put away his whim now, and he is welcome back.
she described to us how tenderly he had taken leave of her, and how manfully and quietly he had borne himself.
that my soul recoiled from punch particularly.
how could my character fail to be influenced by them?
what if an equal ado were made about the ornaments of style in literature, and the architects of our bibles spent as much time about their cornices as the architects of our churches do?
afterward they drifted into a roulette parlor, and jurgis, who was never lucky at gambling, dropped about fifteen dollars.
and she has come back, a most beautiful and most elegant creature.
a constitutional statesman is in general a man of common opinions and uncommon abilities.
theerfur tant my intentions to moor missis gummidge long with them, but to find a beein fur her wheer she can fisherate for herself.
the carrier, seeing me in this resolution, proposed that my pocket-handkerchief should be spread upon the horses back to dry.
it is worth going to see where you might be.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
she said; and reserve your false arts for your dupes.
mr. peggotty burst into a great roar of laughter, and agnes and i both kept him company.
merely looking at me with extravagant slyness, and not waiting for any reply, she continued, without drawing breath: there!
it's the damp, sir, what settles on my chest and voice, said jerry.
in the saloon where jurgis met buck halloran he was sitting late one night with duane, when a country customer (a buyer for an out-of-town merchant) came in, a little more than half piped.
the nephew looked at him, in vain, in passing on to the door.
but does not miller when hard pressed resort to something very like social-utilitarianism?
there being still no answer, i went out at the door, irresolute what to do.
manuscripts are rare and they are kept in the home of the scholars.
so that, in short, i was quite distracted, and raved about the drawing-room.
this is the wrong use of the improbable.
we require an infusion of hemlock spruce or arbor vit in our tea.
mr. stryver and sydney carton were both here yesterday, and both made you out to be more than due.
and he never would learn about automobiles.
having some foundation for believing, by this time, that nature and accident had made me an author, i pursued my vocation with confidence.
there was no one bidden to the marriage but mr. lorry; there was even to be no bridesmaid but the gaunt miss pross.
men are just as noble as they used to be.
turning from the building in a downcast manner, mr. micawber accepted my proffered arm on one side, and the proffered arm of traddles on the other, and walked away between us.
as the clock struck two, she was there, and at four she turned resignedly away.
to treat all subjects in the highest, the most honourable, and the pluckiest spirit, consistent with the fact, is the first duty of a writer.
we will refer that question, if you please, to mr. micawber.
in many cases, an individual, in pursuing a legitimate object, necessarily and therefore legitimately causes pain or loss to others, or intercepts a good which they had a reasonable hope of obtaining.
but jurgis did not move, and the bartender went behind the bar, and after stowing the hundred-dollar bill away in a safe hiding place, came and poured a glass of water over jurgis.
spring and sunrise are forever miracles, but the early hour of the wonder hardly hints the exuberance of its fulfilment.
columbines grow like a weed in my mowing, and so do quaker ladies, which, in england, are highly esteemed in the rock garden.
the answer isn't alone asters, but very largely.
what other changes have come upon me, besides the changes in my growth and looks, and in the knowledge i have garnered all this while?
i was charmed with her childish, winning way.
and that then they had come to me, and had had bottled porter and sandwiches on the road.
so, i nodded, and then he nodded again, and made room on the settle beside him that i might sit down there.
he repaid her by breaking her fortune, and nearly breaking her heart.
and i believe my brother was speaking on the subject when we--not very decently--interrupted him.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
had it been thus, christianity never would have expanded from an obscure sect of the despised hebrews into the religion of the roman empire.
give me a culture which imports much muck from the meadows, and deepens the soilnot that which trusts to heating manures, and improved implements and modes of culture only!
a young friend of mr. merediths (as i have the story) came to him in an agony.
but further, if we are not to fail in our endeavour to determine the value of philosophy, we must first free our minds from the prejudices of what are wrongly called 'practical' men.
i doent know, he said, thoughtfully; i was calling to mind that the beginning of it all did take place here--and then the end come.
by courtesy of the publishers, john lane company, new york city.
i have often asked myself the question since; but what else could i do?
in using this method we try to determine whether the object of criticism fulfills the demands of its type, whether its quality is high or low.
his aristocratic consciousness is the sense that common men are in no wise capable of putting or of appreciating this question.
you did your best--the job was too much for us.
becoming aware that there is a life of thought.
however, he said, its not that we havent made a beginning towards housekeeping.
mr. jones leaves quite in the dark his relations with such women as the late queen victoria would not have approved, relations which j.
joe pronounced this word, as if it began with at least twelve capital bs.
the dull blue walls with their bright brass trimming, the soft brown floor and the stained, raftered roof made the room the most attractive in the house.
without factitious support, man is sure to come to earth again beyond that distance.
upon this we all took courage to unite in a confirmatory murmur.
we had stopped in an empty door-way, while this was passing, and he had stopped too.
in the meantime, days and weeks slipped away.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
this view, if it is held, must be held on logical, not on empirical, grounds.
i tried to take orders intelligently.
when i was clear of the house, a black muffler was drawn tightly over my mouth from behind, and my arms were pinioned.
on the tint of the finished product depends the sort of coloring agent used.
as to space--any one who has made manuscripts from notes has learned how irritating, how bewildering a huge mass of material can be.
above all the noise we made, i heard them running up the stairs, and crying out--i heard my mother crying out--and peggotty.
as between locke on the one side and grotius and pufendorf on the other, blackstone was not willing to commit himself to the need of assuming an original pact.
and then i was recommended to the place as a man who could give another man as good as he brought, and i took it.
to these communications peggotty replied as promptly, if not as concisely, as a merchants clerk.
the socratic dialectics, so magnificently exemplified in the dialogues of plato, were a contrivance of this description.
then he said i was mean, and then he said i was base, and then i called him a beggar.
you know that what is said between you and me goes no further.
this was a critical time in jurgis' life, and if he had been a weaker man he would have gone the way the rest did.
it is whispered that once or twice in a hundred years, one among the men of the city escape alone and run to the uncharted forest, without call or reason.
so, when we went into the parlor where mrs. whimple and clara were seated at work, i said nothing of my own interest in mr. campbell, but kept it to myself.
the superintendent took him through the plant.
here, with the records they have been keeping, the farmers assemble.
as the boat so favoured is usually in a rough plight, and mostly under water, so, sydney had a swamped life of it.
when i was last here, i faltered, miss dartle told me he was sailing here and there.
he was a limp, delicate-looking gentleman, i thought, with a good deal of nose, and a way of carrying his head on one side, as if it were a little too heavy for him.
the next best thing is to hope to do it, and thats my case.
she looked towards miss havisham, and considered for a moment with her work in her hands.
i dont know!--you mustnt marry more than one person at a time, may you, peggotty?
it was in a newly opened cut that jurgis worked, and so he knew that he had an all-winter job.
the spy returned immediately, with two men.
this seemed paradoxical, in view of the fact that one man who followed the same spraying schedule as his neighbor would have more scabby apples than the other.
i will just try these three sentences of con-fut-see; they may fetch that state about again.
i should imagine that he might be here tomorrow, sir.
the one space into which both kinds of sensations fit is an intellectual construction, not a datum.
he may hold dogmas; he may hold them passionately; and he may know that others hold them but coldly, or hold them differently, or hold them not at all.
how many winter days have i seen him, standing blue-nosed, in the snow and east wind, looking at the boys going down the long slide, and clapping his worsted gloves in rapture!
only from six to fifteen per cent of epileptics are curable, and hence the work of the craig colony is largely palliative of the sufferings of the patients.
i know that my juvenile experiences went for little or nothing then; and that life was more like a great fairy story, which i was just about to begin to read, than anything else.
he was like a wounded animal in the forest; he was forced to compete with his enemies upon unequal terms.
then great fires raged over the land.
and if anybody made an admission, he said, now i have got you!
i felt so injured by the inconsequential nature of this charge, that it gave me courage to be grave.
as i sat down, and he preserved his attitude and bent his brows at his boots, i felt at a disadvantage, which reminded me of that old time when i had been put upon a tombstone.
ona had an idea that her forelady did not like to have her girls marry--perhaps because she was old and ugly and unmarried herself.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
when this same matthew was mentioned, miss havisham stopped me and herself, and stood looking at the speaker.
all that they had paid was gone--every cent of it.
i am stronger than you, i bless heaven for it.
the prospect struck fear to the heart of jurgis also, for he knew that ona was not fit to face the cold and the snowdrifts this year.
neither am i the means to any end others may wish to accomplish.
i do not wonder that the african pitied him.
even an imagination inured to the virtues of burglars and the maturity of small boys will have naught to do with this insanity.
yes, something has happened, that i have to break to mrs. steerforth.
in general it is better to view deeds and events in the light of personality.
he yawned, opening a mouth like a dragon's; and he came toward the young man, wagging his tail.
therefore, my dear doctor, said the old soldier, giving him several affectionate taps, you may command me, at all times and seasons.
think, maam, i rapturously began, oh!-- but miss clarissa giving me a look (just like a sharp canary), as requesting that i would not interrupt the oracle, i begged pardon.
so he went on, tearing up all the flowers from the garden of his soul, and setting his heel upon them.
the prisoner bent over the paper, once more.
in this view belief is not a positive phenomenon, though doubt and disbelief are so.
do you doubt my being what i always have been to you?
there were new men every week, it seemed--it was a regular system; and this number they would keep over to the next slack season, so that every one would have less than ever.
which i meantersay, pip, it might be that her meaning were,make a end on it!as you was!me to the north, and you to the south!keep in sunders!
but the soul of her, the glowing, gorgeous, fervent soul of her, surely was flaming in eager joy upon some other dawn.
i obliged myself to say that i was glad he had made his apology.
mr. dick professed an absolute certainty of having seen him before, and we both said, very likely.
i made a resolution, therefore, to keep it in my own breast; and there it gave her image a new grace.
the next day marija went to see her forelady, and was told to report the first of the week, and learn the business of can-painter.
and its impossible to say what he couldnt get, if he gave his mind to it.
i've been in jail, he said, and i've just got out.
two or three times, by the way, i thought i observed in the indistinct light the skirts of a female figure going up before us.
youd have betted a hundred pound to five, now, that you wouldnt have seen me here, wouldnt you?
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
oh dear, yes, i should think so, he replied, shaking his head, seriously.
the populace cried enthusiastically, no!
would it be a reason why those who do the old things should forget why they are done, and do them like cattle, not like human beings?
general cautions for these reasons certain principles of caution can be laid down.
only tip him a nod every now and then when he looks off his paper, said wemmick, and hell be as happy as a king.
i am surprised, matthew, that you should expose me to the affront of interference.
i am glad to tell you that mr. pocket and family are all well.
jurgis demanded, too alarmed to wait for her to finish.
some travellers tell us that an indian had no name given him at first, but earned it, and his name was his fame; and among some tribes he acquired a new name with every new exploit.
but the good mower who does things just as they should be done and have been for a hundred thousand years, falls into none of these fooleries.
the holiest of men, it appears, cannot be admitted to posthumous honours, until all that the devil could say against him is known and weighed.
i never see the night myself, master--nor yet i don't expect to--what would do that, answered jerry.
but even at that, the city chemist says that he hardly expects to see the time when the present intake for water near the head of belle isle will not be both safe and adequate.
really, master copperfield, he said, --i should say mister, but i know youll excuse the abit ive got into--youre so insinuating, that you draw me like a corkscrew!
are these the problems which most concern mankind?
but has she not taken me downstairs, belinda, returned mr. pocket, and shown me the woman, and the bundle too?
language profoundly affects our thoughts, and it is this aspect of language that is of most importance to us in our present inquiry.
i thought this odd; however, i said nothing, and we set off.
we can be happy--we can love each other just the same.
one of the great centers of the bottle industry in the united states is down in the southern end of new jersey.
when they make us an offer, is it wise to say, we will think of it?
but that it should have been you who saw me!
north america is one of the greatest divisions of the earth.
with that he took his trembling hands, which were like the claws of a great bird, out of my hair; and put on a pair of spectacles, not at all ornamental to his inflamed eyes.
he sat down in a chair on the hearth, over against mr. lorry.
little alick in a frock has already made arrangements for his union with a suitable young person at kew.
but at any rate an unpromising career would not have been nipped in the bud.
he knew what ona would have had him do, what she would ask of him at this moment, if she could speak to him.
my house was not empty though i was gone.
the chateau awoke later, as became its quality, but awoke gradually and surely.
he patted me on the head; but somehow, i didnt like him or his deep voice, and i was jealous that his hand should touch my mothers in touching me--which it did.
we shall say that an object is 'known by description' when we know that it is 'the so-and-so', i.e.
these reminded me, in reference to miss murdstones nature, of the fetters over a jail door; suggesting on the outside, to all beholders, what was to be expected within.
for, to parody shakespeare, a man can yell and yell and still be a college slacker.
now let me go up and look at my old little room, and rest there a few minutes by myself.
mr. dick is his name here, and everywhere else, now--if he ever went anywhere else, which he dont.
we need all our time, we need the work rooms of the home of the scholars, we want the help of our brother scholars and their wisdom joined to ours.
he gripped his hands and set his teeth together--he had not wept, and he would not--not a tear!
but even the later developments, though not directly philosophical, will be found of great indirect use in philosophising.
i am bound to say the family were very nice about it.
the family had paid fifteen hundred dollars for it, and it had not cost the builders five hundred, when it was new.
all around garish millinery shops display their showy goods.
gradually his task was made more difficult.
said mr. trabb, in a hail-fellow-well-met kind of way.
one man, perhaps, if he has got enough, will be satisfied to sit all day with his back to the fire and his belly to the table, by george!
they sent for the company doctor, and he examined the foot and told jurgis to go home to bed, adding that he had probably laid himself up for months by his folly.
about five-and-twenty boys were studiously engaged at their books when we went in, but they rose to give the doctor good morning, and remained standing when they saw mr. wickfield and me.
but would they have any reason to regret this knowledge?
words that show tendency must be guided with the firm hand lest they lead the reader into wrong impressions and into the confusion that comes from counter emotions, the strong impression of disunion.
he then called down a little break-neck range of steps behind a door: bring up that tea and bread-and-butter!
this brings us back to the question: have we any reason, assuming that they have always held in the past, to suppose that they will hold in the future?
this is the conception of what may be called the stage of primitive law.
capital being the property of all, injury to it is shared by all and made up by all.
now, what do you make of four times five?
you are going out, micawber, to this distant clime, to strengthen, not to weaken, the connexion between yourself and albion.
for their eyes were still, and small, and evil.
and there is every likelihood that, with the necessary explanation to the man's own foreman, beggs will get his grinder for the day.
nine gone for ever, ten gone for ever, eleven gone for ever, twelve coming on to pass away.
mr. sharp was the first master, and superior to mr. mell.
her technique was not perhaps all that it might have been; she might not have won the gold medal of our white-shirted academies, but she had enough temperament to make half a dozen bechstein hall virtuosi.
when your hero is a living person you must challenge the report of your own senses and general experience lest you admit what is false or omit what is significant.
he said with a tearful smile that it was a singular thing to think of now, and i said so too.
jane only interfered for the protection of baby.
we are now in a position to understand what it is that distinguishes a true judgement from a false one.
we may take the law of gravitation as a sample of the kind of law that appears to be verified without exception.
it is the only possession i have not relinquished.
but get him where i will, could i prevent his coming back?
this was my only and my constant comfort.
in such moods we look for a good friend to talk with, and when the friend is not at hand--why, we may write informal essays to make record of our thoughts and feelings.
a spinning top set down so that it stands at an angle to the floor will right itself; it will rise till it stands upright on the point of equal friction.
thus there is no dualism as regards acquaintance.
i tried to comfort her on this point, but she rejected consolation.
i am afraid he is a sad old rascal, said herbert, smiling, but i have never seen him.
but why should we suppose that there is some one common cause of all these appearances?
she was sitting on a seat at one end of a kind of terrace, overlooking the great city.
those village worms are quite too large; a shiner may make a meal off one without finding the skewer.
(there was a time in my imprisonment, when my desire for vengeance was unbearable.)
the doctor was summoned in the usual way, and came to breakfast.
it is not all books that are as dull as their readers.
and really the great friendship and consideration of personally associating sophy with the joyful occasion, and inviting her to be a bridesmaid in conjunction with miss wickfield, demands my warmest thanks.
but here a certain amount of care is required in getting at the precise nature of the truths that are self-evident.
in order properly to appreciate our present privileges, let us consider the days of old and the years that are past.
not now, mama, she pleaded in a low tone.
oh, it is a peacefully placid existence, i assure you, having charge of forty darling daughters.
you probably eat butter, and eggs, and cheese.
every one has been influenced by wordsworth, and it is hard to tell precisely how.
he considered the chambers and his own lodging as temporary residences, and advised me to look out at once for a fashionable crib near hyde park, in which he could have a shake-down.
madame defarge looked superciliously at the client, and nodded in confirmation.
thank you, said the marquis--very sweetly indeed.
i get up at five every morning, and dont mind it at all.
for example, if you define the aeroplane as a machine that journeys through the air under its own power, you include dirigible balloons, which are not aeroplanes.
the emotional effects, also, are often similar: images may stimulate desire almost as strongly as do the objects they represent.
her nature was represented to us, when we engaged her, as being feebly expressed in her name.
we cannot touch a string or move a stop but the charming moral transfixes us.
i mean more in the extended and not alone in our specific english sense, though in the latter it was even perhaps more marked.
for you were not brought up in that strange house from a mere baby.
we believed from the start that the selling of properly graded and packed fruit will take care of itself, and this stand has been justified.
but it would be a mistake to infer that they are dependent upon mind, not real while we see them, or not the sole basis for our knowledge of the external world.
i had no need to enlarge upon it, if i had had the right.
we have heard of this virtue, but we know not what it is.
in such a case there need not be anything mental, but merely a habit of the body.
that was before he came to me, but the recollection of it is oppressive to him even now.
the shame of it would kill her--there could be no other deliverance, and it was best that she should die.
added to the watch of the ship's crew, military signalers are posted; the boats swung outboard have each a party of troops on guard.
now, in addition to this fact which is general, we have only to suppose that a strong movement has set in towards the improvement of morals, and it is evident what we have to expect.
the last were not englands best men and women; only, perhaps, her best philanthropists.
thus we held on, speaking little, for four or five dull miles.
the indians had advanced so far as to regulate the effect of the wind by a mat suspended over the hole in the roof and moved by a string.
he walked toward jurgis upon tiptoe, scowling at him; and jurgis rose up, and retreated, scowling back.
the conservatory doors were standing open, and rosa dartle was walking, bareheaded, with a quick, impetuous step, up and down a gravel walk on one side of the lawn.
there the nightingale finds her green cloister; and on those branches sometimes, like a great fruit, hangs the lemon-colored moon.
it was not a reckless manner, the manner in which he said these words aloud under the fast-sailing clouds, nor was it more expressive of negligence than defiance.
now and then, the election was very close, and that was the time the poor man came in.
such beliefs philosophy will bid us reject, unless some new line of argument is found to support them.
this mode of address was now prescribed by decree.
i must teach myself first, dora, said i. i am as bad as you, love.
now the youngsters are reading that the wrights derived a fundamental principle of aviation--the warping-tip--from the flight of crows.
they were done with some very poor instrument, and hurriedly, with an unsteady hand.
any one would then be able to see in it those truths which we are all courteously supposed to know and all modestly refrain from applying.
this happens, for example, when a place recalls to us some thought we previously had in that place, so that we remember a thought as opposed to the occurrence to which it referred.
from many things--trifles in themselves, but they do not seem to me to be so, when they are put together.
i felt called upon to propose an individual.
we learned that our hostess was a widow.
jurgis, being a man, had troubles of his own.
that gentle creature, after a moments thoughtful survey of the carpet, delivered herself with much dry unction as follows.
then, too, elzbieta had heard something about a chance to scrub floors in durham's offices and was waiting every day for word.
madame defarge immediately called to her husband that she would get them, and went, knitting, out of the lamplight, through the courtyard.
they were shipping petroleum to europe for those rising young business men, john d. and william rockefeller.
my dear fellow, these may be of the greatest interest.
she smiled again, and went out at the door by which she had come.
so we followed them, and we went into the forest, and we followed the path where the branches were broken by your body.
'she has a husband, a father, and a brother?'
to argue against such a law on the ground that what is past cannot operate now, is to introduce the old metaphysical notion of cause, for which science can find no place.
he must take his chance, said madame defarge.
the ulysses of great rivers and perilous seas is a connoisseur of japanese prints.
i had not known how to do it well, not understanding how the wind would set when we were out of the harbour.
i do not know how many married men there are in england, but i do know that the number is the same as the number of married women.
i am sure, uncle, returned mrs. joe, i wish you had him always; you know so well how to deal with him.
where it was sealed up, presenting that slightly dented, uneven surface, it looked like some precious ore.
occasionally, he shot himself out of his equipage headforemost over the apron; and i saw him on one occasion deliver himself at the door of the grove in this unintentional waylike coals.
likewise the formal transaction was not a bit of private magic employed to conjure up legal liability.
despite the utmost care, we wounded the comb so that little rills of the golden liquid issued from the root of the tree and trickled down the hill.
also he had always the progress to encourage him; here in chicago, for instance, the movement was growing by leaps and bounds.
i brought you here, and you stay here just as long as i choose, and no longer.
she asked me again, with her witch-like eagerness, even in estellas hearing.
the question whether it is possible to obtain precise causal laws in which the causes are psychological, not material, is one of detailed investigation.
such trees have usually only a few long roots and so much of these are lost in transplanting that the large trunk cannot be nourished by the remainder.
that is its first step toward service--the careful selection of the human factor.
not a hand moved in that hall, as we spoke, nor an eye.
he was half running as he came round the corner.
for all must agree with all, and they cannot know if their thoughts are the thoughts of all, and so they fear to speak.
other themes will reveal aspects that are both trivial and significant.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
and when it had come to this, the soldiers ran like deer, and joe too.
mr. pumblechook was coming in also, when she stopped him with the gate.
then, as the latter began to moan feebly, the policeman got him to his feet and dragged him out of the place.
they were teaching him both to read and to speak english--and they would have taught him other things, if only he had had a little time.
by courtesy of the publishers, little, brown & co., boston.
stranger yet, the tunnel was lighted by electricity, and upon it was laid a double-tracked, narrow-gauge railroad!
the men were to teach new hands, who would some day come and break their strike; and meantime they were kept so poor that they could not prepare for the trial!
of course i felt my good faith involved in the observance of his request.
but i felt she was a little impracticable.
on my being settled at doctor strongs i wrote to her again, detailing my happy condition and prospects.
i wrote down where he was to come, and left it on his table with my own hand.
and yet his misgivings were not so dark as, imagined by the light of this later time, they would appear.
several doors were opened in succession, and finally his own.
peggotty only laughed the more, and held her apron tight over her face when my mother tried to pull it away, and sat as if her head were in a bag.
said mr. micawber, taking her in his arms.
i didnt think you would; and i want, more than ever, to be liked, now julia mills is gone.
he touched one of the bottles without looking at it or speaking, and i made him some hot rum and water.
but now, in the nighttime, when he lay tossing about, there would come stalking into his chamber a grisly phantom, the sight of which made his flesh curl and his hair to bristle up.
* * for belief of a specific kind, cf.
he is right, sir, without correction, returned mr. mell, in the midst of a dead silence; what he has said is true.
gott in himmel, vot for haf you brought me to a place like dis?
most philosophers have thought that the physical and the mental between them exhausted the world of being.
in the next place, i must refrain from morbid personal effusion.
they would come fast enough, said steerforth; but we should inconvenience you.
choosing a college course with relation to intended career in life.
with resolution, said my aunt, shaking her cap at me, and clenching her hand.
it may have its effect on others, and may be meant to have.
the possibilities of analytical and historical development of the classical materials have been substantially exhausted.
a social interest in the security of acquisitions and a social interest in the security of transactions are the forms of the interest in the general security which give the law most to do.
that is, they furnish their features to a number of different papers for simultaneous publication.
true to his notion of seeming to do it all without preparation, i heard wemmick say to himself, as he took something out of his waistcoat-pocket before the service began, halloa!
he wrote ballads, they say, for the street-singers, who paid him a crown for his poem; and his pleasure was to steal out at night and hear the verses sung.
but anybody accustomed to reading passes at once to what the letters mean, and is not aware, except on reflection, that he has derived this knowledge from the sense-data called seeing the printed letters.
i felt, but i am sure i dont know why, that this was self-denying and devoted in mrs. micawber, and i uttered a murmur to that effect.
and our heart beat in our fingertips, without reason.
and called to wemmick to give him that piece of paper.
annie, my love, i am going to the study with my paper, for i am a poor creature without news.
except for those rare spirits that are born without sin, there is a cavern of darkness to be traversed before that temple can be entered.
out of such remembrances i brought into the light of the fire a half-formed terror that it might not be safe to be shut up there with him in the dead of the wild solitary night.
don't torture a poor forlorn wretch, he implored them, with a dreadful cry; but give me my work!
said i, almost in a frenzy of fear and dislike, i want to speak to you.
but sensitiveness does not constitute knowledge, and knowledge of a fact which is not sensible is not sensitiveness to that fact, as we have seen in distinguishing the fact known from the stimulus.
returned the cheerful old man, so busy and so pleased, that it really was quite charming.
indeed no sooner have we distinguished the two worlds than it becomes necessary to consider their relations.
an element of suspense may even be injected into the narrative introduction to stimulate the reader's curiosity, and descriptive touches may be added to heighten the vividness.
when he came out again it was in company with a very stout gentleman in shirt sleeves and an apron, clasping jonas by both hands and laughing hilariously.
farmers are respectable and interesting to me in proportion as they are poor,poor farmers.
citizen gabelle was called to confirm it, and did so.
he darkly closed an eye at mr. jaggerss name, and shook his head.
tell him to take his witness away directly, said my guardian to the clerk, in extreme disgust, and ask him what he means by bringing such a fellow as that.
ever since then, eheu, he has lived in england.
one of the periscope might state the object of invisible observation and then show how, by tubes and mirrors, this object is accomplished.
theres nothing but sin everywhere--except here.
(i dont know who sir was, but he certainly was not i, and there was no third person present); thats the way you know the noble-minded, sir!
so for two weeks more jurgis fought with the demon of despair.
with those words, and a final snap of his fingers, mr. stryver shouldered himself into fleet-street, amidst the general approbation of his hearers.
if the first view of this creature, stalking in his rotatory isle, be a thing to shake the courage of the stoutest, on this nearer sight he startles us with an admiring wonder.
it takes conclusions about as seriously as we take them when we sit with pipe and slippers by the fireside and chat.
but such unintellectual exhibitions might, i fancy, still interest me--a shocking confession for a college professor's wife!
in most conclusions there is something left ragged; something still in abeyance, in reserve.
in art it may so happen that the thing which a man makes endures to be misunderstood and gabbled over: yet it is not the man himself.
i had ony to think as she was found, and it was gone.
and he said all this--i knew, as i saw his face in the moonlight--that i might understand he was resolved to recompense himself by using his power.
for, of course my being disabled could now be no longer kept out of view.
it is an effort to clear up and make a decent appearance when the carpenter and mason have departed, though done as much for the passer-by as the dweller within.
he had not the same provocations of exhaustion and hopelessness; he had now something to work for, to struggle for.
each phrase in literature is built of sounds, as each phrase in music consists of notes.
upon that, i turned down the long passage which i had first trodden in my thick boots, and he made his bell sound.
but i sat on, watching the light creep around towards the north and change, and the waning moon coming up as though by stealth behind the woods of no man's land.
there were three or four inches of fresh snow on the ground, and the flakes were falling thick and fast.
have i the pleasure of again beholding copperfield!
we can never be sure that the opinion we are endeavouring to stifle is a false opinion; and if we were sure, stifling it would be an evil still.
he had no fortress behind which he could hide and enjoy his conquests.
for the present, it is pleasure and discomfort that concern us.
at once i put bills up in the windows; for, i was in debt, and had scarcely any money, and began to be seriously alarmed by the state of my affairs.
thus speech is a means of producing in our hearers the images which are in us.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
what these possibilities are he nowhere says, and he gives the reader no chance of judging whether they are reasonable or not.
we will now assume another boy, who also, when you first question him, asserts that twice two is four.
the united states army pistol is a browning invention.
it may be a shocking confession, but i loved him for that wicked oath.
there was a bookcase in the room; i saw from the backs of the books, that they were about evidence, criminal law, criminal biography, trials, acts of parliament, and such things.
now, although fully developed mysticism is rare in the west, some tincture of it colours the thoughts of many people, particularly as regards matters on which they have strong convictions not based on evidence.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
hence this knowledge, though true of all actual and possible experience, must not be supposed to apply outside experience.
but yet others rushed in, until there was a little mountain of twisted limbs and bodies, heaving and tossing, and working its way about the room.
what disaster took their reason away from men?
the whole of psychology, we shall find, is included among such cases; hence their importance for our purposes.
he was clad in spotless evening dress, was freddie, and looked very handsome--he was a beautiful boy, with light golden hair and the head of an antinous.
there a play is shown upon the stage, with two great choruses from the home of the actors, which speak and answer all together, in two great voices.
she was so pathetic in her sobbing and bewailing, that i felt as if i had said i dont know what to hurt her.
the bartender was a big, husky fellow, with the jaw of a prize fighter, and a three weeks' stubble of hair upon it.
i spied a slip of paper on the floor by solange's foot and unashamedly read it.
originality is the one thing which unoriginal minds cannot feel the use of.
do i ask you, my dear darnay, to pass the door?
for fear that the significance of all this should be lost, there was a label, in polish, lithuanian, and german--dom.
every interstice of his flesh is juicy and oily.
we not require the dull society of your necessitated temperance, or that unnatural stupidity that knows nor joy nor sorrow; nor your forcd falsely exalted passive fortitude above the active.
then, a flickering streak played behind the architecture of the front, picking out transparent places, and showing where balustrades, arches, and windows were.
i could not but notice some of the peculiarities of my visitors.
perhaps we need only to know how his shores trend and his adjacent country or circumstances, to infer his depth and concealed bottom.
thus, if simple enumeration is to be rendered valid, it must not be stated as mill states it.
take it, and let us be one of you, the humblest among you.
it is very imprudent, it is tragic--but, ah, it is so beautiful!
what this word means will be best illustrated by examples.
then, creeping forward from tuft to tuft, and preceded by an acrid and parching whiff, the curling and tumbling vapor reached the english lines in a wall twenty feet high.
that is the first question the job lady asks of each new applicant who comes to the bureau for work.
which the court confirmed, to his great satisfaction.
thus we come back to the idea of good faith, the idea of the classical roman jurists and of the philosophical jurists of the seventeenth century, out of which the will theory was but a metaphysical development.
his own initiative, however, is not small.
it will drive me mad--it will kill me--no, no, jurgis, i am crazy--it is nothing.
how to detect the tricks of fakirs at county fairs.
means anything more than the search for a general law according to which a phenomenon occurs, then it is certainly the case that this question cannot be answered in physics and ought not to be asked.
one day, however, he took the plunge, and drank up all that he had in his pockets, and went home half piped, as the men phrase it.
in this sentence facts, rhythm, even the sound of the words drive in one direction.
it was the first time i had ever seen them opposed.
philosophers have reasoned, prophets have denounced, poets have wept and pleaded--and still this hideous monster roams at large!
hence constitutional questions were always only in terms questions of constitutional interpretation.
asked mr. wickfield, sedately eating his dinner.
but only ten days after she had joined, marija's canning factory closed down, and that blow quite staggered them.
before we went, i wrote traddles a full statement of all that had happened, and traddles wrote me back a capital answer, expressive of his sympathy and friendship.
it is a faint intimation, yet so are the first streaks of morning.
the informal methods of petty courts are meant for tribunals which pass upon conduct in the crowd and hurry of our large cities.
so i shall have time gradually to make her familiar with my hopes, as opportunities offer.
i walked up to where he was sitting, and said, how do you do, mr. chillip?
if half-a-dozen men are cast adrift in a sailing-boat, they will need a captain.
this gradually led to a want of toleration for him, and evenon his being detected in holy orders, and declining to perform the funeral serviceto the general indignation taking the form of nuts.
the explosion is analogous to vital movements, the carting about to mechanical movements.
just half a minute, my young friend, and well give you a polishing that shall keep your curls on for the next ten years!
they laid it bare, and did what they could.
you must prevent it, agnes, while theres time.
it recalled, at first, that so-different time when i had put up at the golden cross, and reminded me of the changes that had come to pass since then; but that was natural.
i was very much concerned for his misfortunes, and felt that any recognition short of ninepence would be mere brutality and hardness of heart.
anywhere else in chicago he would have stood a good chance of being arrested; but the policemen in packingtown were apparently used to these informal movings, and contented themselves with a cursory examination now and then.
well, she is not far to seek, being on the outside of my heavy oak door, tapping, as already hinted, with a sharp insistent delicacy.
that has a bad look, said darnay-- a bad look, you say, my dear darnay?
if you are not located in the united states, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.
a good mower puts no more strength into his stroke than into his lifting.
i told her she was right, and i knew it was much to be regretted, but still it was not to be helped.
between any two of them, there are others, for example, the arithmetical mean of the two.
tellson's (they said) wanted no elbow-room, tellson's wanted no light, tellson's wanted no embellishment.
she told them all about it the next day, and fairly cried with happiness, for she said that tamoszius was a lovely man.
after breakfast she took me to her own home, and a beautiful little home it was.
sanya at the piano shot a glance over her shoulder, a very sad-gay glance; she laughed, curiously, i almost said foreignly.
it was late, almost dark, and the government inspectors had all gone, and there were only a dozen or two of men on the floor.
i can go out when i like, and ill smuggle the prog in.
then, after some preliminary coughing and humming, the music began--the woman's rich alto blending with the child's shrill but sweet notes.
it sent its products to every country in the civilized world, and it furnished the food for no less than thirty million people!
the particular which is inferred may be uniquely determined by the causal law, or may be only described in such general terms that many different particulars might satisfy the description.
there came the offer of the office of dean of men.
no, i returned, i dont mind admitting that.
it is the name of a nonentity, and has no right to a place among first principles.
said she, looking up again, in all her bright composure.
these she put down upon the table without a word, glaring at me the while with exemplary firmness, and then retired, locking the door after her.
it was interesting to be in the quiet old town once more, and it was not disagreeable to be here and there suddenly recognized and stared after.
she was the motherless child of a sort of cousin of my fathers.
i couldnt doubt it, when you told me so.
joe recited this couplet with such manifest pride and careful perspicuity, that i asked him if he had made it himself.
between universals, as between particulars, there are relations of which we may be immediately aware.
bit by bit these poor people have given up everything else; but to this they cling with all the power of their souls--they cannot give up the veselija!
if they disclosed to me, as i suspect they did, that i should not come back, and that biddy was quite right, all i can say is,they were quite right too.
and then the editor wanted to know upon what ground dr. schliemann asserted that it might be possible for a society to exist upon an hour's toil by each of its members.
among these were the name of a banking-house in new south wales, where a sum of money was, and the designation of certain lands of considerable value.
they think it indispensable that he should be upon the spot.
all this, doubtless, he knew thoroughly, and had, in his cunning, considered well.
we had planned to furnish it by means of several generous checks which were family contributions to our array of wedding gifts.
he was so fat that he was obliged to pant some time before he could say: thats right.
the carriage turned about, and drove on at its former speed.
a man's impulses are not fixed from the beginning by his native disposition: within certain wide limits, they are profoundly modified by his circumstances and his way of life.
this cripple, however, had been selected as a favorable subject for an interesting experiment in modern surgery, for he was to undergo an extremely torturous operation in a state of full consciousness.
i see our children and our friends around us; and i hear the roar of many voices, not indifferent to me as i travel on.
we often feel that something in our sensible environment is familiar, without having any definite recollection of previous occasions on which we have seen it.
on the stairs i encountered wemmick, who was coming down, after an unsuccessful application of his knuckles to my door.
here and there will be a clump of flowering raspberry.
to make scientific and technical processes sufficiently simple to appeal to the layman, is another problem for the writer of popular articles.
it is in books more specifically didactic that we can follow out the effect, and distinguish and weigh and compare.
the other met his look with one of cold indifference, and answered, there will be nothing for you here, i said.
dora had helped him up on the sofa; where he really was defying my aunt to such a furious extent, that he couldnt keep straight, but barked himself sideways.
the number of the days had risen to ten, when i saw a greater change in him than i had seen yet.
but this must be some of mr. jones's fun.
it is very possible that this is historically the right interpretation, but in this form the argument is invalid.
but when we investigate the matter more closely, it becomes more doubtful.
it is therefore not strange that the government of scotland, having been during many years greatly more corrupt than the government of england, should have fallen with a far heavier ruin.
that old man says, all this was actually done to a prisoner who made an attempt on the life of the late king, louis fifteen.
in this case we find again, as we found when we were discussing words in general in the preceding lecture, that images are not logically necessary in order to account for observable behaviour, i.e.
then she should have kept to her own station in life, father, said minnie, and not have given them any hold to talk about her, and then they couldnt have done it.
but i thought i heard you, as i came upstairs, address her by a name that is not hers.
in my opinion, it is rather an unequally distributed multiple fatigue.
avoiding the blue boar, i put up at an inn of minor reputation down the town, and ordered some dinner.
appropriateness is a complicated and merely approximate idea, and for the present we shall do well to dismiss it from our thoughts.
this was somewhat like cutting a hole in the bottom of a ship to let the water out.
the room was as neat as janet or my aunt.
i wonder whether they called in mr. chillip, and he was in vain; and if so, how he likes to be reminded of it once a week.
in a few moments you roll yourself in their soft wool.
the busy people achieve their full share of mischief in the world, you may rely upon it.
i shook my fists at jip, who was as frantic as myself.
it was even supposed by some that the pond had sunk, and this was one of the primitive forest that formerly stood there.
to understand what is meant by accuracy, it will be well to consider first instruments of measurement, such as a balance or a thermometer.
in narrative and descriptive writing particularly, it is necessary to use words that make pictures and that reproduce sounds and other sense impressions.
i am not going to attempt any botanical or cultural description of what i am now attempting.
morse's telegraph was sobering an exultant land by telling how its great magistrate lay dead within the white house, at washington.
the earth is all alive and covered with papill.
my mother lives a little way out of town; and the roads being in a beastly condition, and our house tedious enough, i remained here tonight instead of going on.
we are cheered when we observe the vulture feeding on the carrion which disgusts and disheartens us and deriving health and strength from the repast.
what is called eloquence in the forum is commonly found to be rhetoric in the study.
the quantity of walking exercise i took, was not in this respect attended with its usual consequence, as the disappointment counteracted the fresh air.
i shall be there before the commencement.
when they were alone, mr. lorry asked him what he had done?
titchener quotes an opinion of wundt on these investigations, which appears to me thoroughly justified.
no, thank you, i replied, turning from the table to brood over the fire.
with the blessing of providence, master copperfield, returned uriah.
it is commonly said that everybody can sing in the bathroom; and this is true.
said estella, to know what satisfaction it gives me to see those people thwarted, or what an enjoyable sense of the ridiculous i have when they are made ridiculous.
she kneeled down playfully by the side of the bed, and laying her chin upon her hands, and laughing, said: what was it they said, davy?
said wemmick, getting upon a chair, and blowing the dust off the horrible heads before bringing them down.
i give him my hand, which he holds in his.
the officer commanding troops has come on the bridge at the first alarm.
a bird, in a cage very little bigger than himself, makes a mournful rattle now and then in hopping on his perch, two inches high, or dropping from it; but neither sings nor chirps.
it lures to allegory, this checkered board, these jousts and far crusades.
little more than a single syllable could have been spoken on either side.
and the sphinx that patrols the highways of executive art has no more unanswerable riddle to propound.
he had never heard of such things before.
state and federal census reports often furnish good subjects and material.
wide open gambling and debauchery made the city pleasing to trade, but burglaries and holdups did not.
for some months past, miss pross and mr. cruncher had discharged the office of purveyors; the former carrying the money; the latter, the basket.
hindu law shows the idea of religious duty to keep faith in full vigor.
when they found him the rats had killed him and eaten him nearly all up.
i never fastened my door night or day, though i was to be absent several days; not even when the next fall i spent a fortnight in the woods of maine.
antanas was now over a year and a half old, and was a perfect talking machine.
the other asked him what had led him to safe-breaking--to jurgis a wild and appalling occupation to think about.
being curious to know what position my great bubbles occupied with regard to the new ice, i broke out a cake containing a middling sized one, and turned it bottom upward.
darnay, unable to restrain himself any longer, touched mr. stryver on the shoulder, and said: i know the fellow.
here he stayed, breakfastless, for two hours, until the throng was driven away by the clubs of the police.
short sentences and those of medium length are, as a rule, more easily grasped than long ones, but for rapid reading the structure of the sentence, rather than its length, is the chief consideration.
saving for a mysterious dread of madame by which he was constantly haunted, his life was very new and agreeable.
i play my ace, denunciation of mr. barsad to the nearest section committee.
i saw him do it now, and thought i was going distracted, when his action brought an old remembrance to my mind of a once dear friend.
as regards desires, i have given some grounds in this lecture.
thank you, said i, shortly, but i dont eat watercresses.
it happened on two or three occasions in my presence, that his desperate reputation was alluded to by one or other of the people in attendance on him.
i seem to hear pronounced by some of his kin at such a time his original wild name in some jaw-breaking or else melodious tongue.
the english utilitarians insisted upon removal of all restrictions upon individual free action beyond those necessary for securing like freedom on the part of others.
mr. spiker was so interested, that he became quite stony.
the groaning rose to a shriek, and the little flame jumped in a panic, and nearly left its white column.
man is indeed marked for failure in his efforts to do right.
accordingly, i told agnes about my declaration of poverty, about the cookery-book, the housekeeping accounts, and all the rest of it.
the journey we began with those jolly carol-singers under the greenwood tree has ended in the hopeless misery of jude.
i shall tell her, in no more wureds than i speak to you, what its the price on; and that im gone, and past receiving of it back.
it was such an uncomfortable hand, that, when i went to my room, it was still cold and wet upon my memory.
nothing worth mentioning, replied camilla.
consider first how slight a shelter is absolutely necessary.
if he and his family would live simply, they might all go a-huckleberrying in the summer for their amusement.
also of thinking that jip once barked in the distance, and was instantly choked by somebody.
this mold closes and compressed air blows out the bottle as the platform revolves.
and we thought suddenly that there was a great satisfaction to be found in the food which we need and obtain by our own hand.
to be vivid is a secondary quality which must presuppose the first; for vividly to convey a wrong impression is only to make failure conspicuous.
i thought there must really be something more here than i knew; she saw the thought in my mind, and answered it.
to see steerforth walk to church before us, arm-in-arm with miss creakle, was one of the great sights of my life.
the beginning of the paragraph, like the beginning of the sentence, is the part that catches the eye.
the power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.
a high reverence for the truth, and an unflinching determination to tell it are prime essentials.
any sense of dissatisfaction that one feels in contemplating it is due to the disproportion between a limited expression and the multifarious immensity of the country.
it had better be done by somebody else, danl, said mrs. gummidge.
i lived rough, that you should live smooth; i worked hard, that you should be above work.
moreover, the casual reader cannot readily comprehend and combine the various thoughts in so large a group of sentences.
she made use of me to tease other admirers, and she turned the very familiarity between herself and me to the account of putting a constant slight on my devotion to her.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
she often had a great deal of trouble finding a cook who would do the washing.
these are exactly the occasions on which the men of one generation commit those dreadful mistakes, which excite the astonishment and horror of posterity.
the question of making the sale of these commodities a more or less exclusive privilege, must be answered differently, according to the purposes to which the restriction is intended to be subservient.
we are so used to working together that harvey didn't want to let anybody do it but me.
the water was out, over miles and miles of the flat country adjacent to yarmouth; and every sheet and puddle lashed its banks, and had its stress of little breakers setting heavily towards us.
on the last sunday, they invited me to dinner; and we had a loin of pork and apple sauce, and a pudding.
there was a conwict off last night, said joe, aloud, after sunset-gun.
at the end of the last and the beginning of the present century, a new way of thinking grew up.
thus those objects of whose existence we become certain through perception are said to be data.
she was sitting by the fire, suckling an infant, whose tiny hand she held against her neck.
there the monstrous specters stand in our midnight room, the advance guard of the darkness of the world, held off by our valiant little glim, but ready to flood instantly and founder us in original gloom.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
an editor generally decides on the subject that he thinks will interest his readers at a given time and then selects the authority best fitted to treat it in a popular way.
the first used was the hand method, and tho the introduction of machines is rapidly making the old way a back number, there are still factories where the old-time glass blower reigns supreme.
sometimes these three are more or less mutually antagonistic; sometimes they unite with the greatest helpfulness, as we shall see.
another example of this kind of judgement is 'this is to the right of that', where 'this' and 'that' are seen simultaneously.
if you do, the moral will be anmic and thin.
agnes was very glad to see me, and told me that the house had not been like itself since i had left it.
the room echoed with the thuds in quick succession, and the stamping and kicking of the steers.
there was something in the action, and in the light pressure of biddys wedding-ring, that had a very pretty eloquence in it.
over and above the hardiness which the farm engenders, and of a far higher quality, is the moral courage it calls into play.
he sank into the chair, and brooded over the embers, and shed tears.
men were to be reclassified and everyone assigned to the class for which he was best fitted.
he has a great bundle of white-oak bark under his arm for a sick man, gathered this sunday morning.
he sneaked back into his cell, amidst a little chorus of approbation; and both traddles and i experienced a great relief when he was locked in.
the growing appreciation of good architecture in america.
have you made no remonstrance about it, agnes?
the greens committee at the nearby golf club will certainly let me dig up some of the gay pinks which are a pest in one of the high, gravelly bunkers.
family circumstances are a sufficient reason for our only meeting on that footing, and it is quite unnecessary that either of us should make the other the subject of remark.
im not more self-interested, i hope, than another man, said mr. omer.
there is another point of great importance, in which the empiricists were in the right as against the rationalists.
but this small village, germ of something more, why did it fail while concord keeps its ground?
mr. micawber, without hearing her, went on.
her wheels, which are of iron, are on the sides, and removable at pleasure.
after a little while, she raised her head, and looked at the fire again.
i remarked that my mother, though she smiled when peggotty looked at her, became more serious and thoughtful.
is it an observable general characteristic, and is it a virtue or a vice?
but the effect in generating kinetic energy is said to be amazing.
likewise many witnesses in court have been beguiled or browbeaten into crossing the line without knowing that they were getting into the country of the enemy.
if i could have kept him away by paying money, i certainly would have paid money.
father got the monitor-medal by being umble.
this depot will be in constant operation throughout the twenty-four hours.
it was only because of the falling snow that people who passed here did not notice anything wrong.
otherwise the mere pact or agreement not within the cognizance of the priests was but a matter for self-help.
if i do that, and find my emly, im content.
how pleasant and dignified it sounds; nothing about a general houseworker or maid or servant, just home assistant!
a bad un, ill be bound, said mrs. joe triumphantly, or he wouldnt have given it to the boy!
why, to make the child happy and useful.
they will explain it to the council of vocations, and we shall be assigned to the home of the scholars.
miss dartle suddenly kneeled down before it, and began to loosen the dress.
i wish youd go upstairs, said my aunt, as she threaded her needle, and give my compliments to mr. dick, and ill be glad to know how he gets on with his memorial.
the shown by quoting first attempts were large, irregular exercise letters that sprawled over the sheet like the work of a child when it begins to write.
most persons, as a matter of fact, have plenty to write about but do not realize it.
i see myself, as evening closes in, coming over the bridge at rochester, footsore and tired, and eating bread that i had bought for supper.
certainly, my dear jane, replied my mother, who was holding me.
if the mathematical theory is adequate, nothing happens when a body moves except that it is in different places at different times.
the maturity of law was not willing to admit that judge or jurist could make anything.
mamma dear, lisped the little girl, baby ood have put hith eyeth out.
indeed i may be superstitious, said mrs. micawber, but it appears to me that mr. micawber is destined never to receive any answers whatever to the great majority of the communications he writes.
i had no opportunity of asking her any question, until i had told the brothers she was sinking fast, and could not live another day.
nor, how i debated whether i should go away without ringing; nor, how i should undoubtedly have gone, if my time had been my own, to come back.
had the traveler but the insight, or the inclination, he would perceive that his journey is a high adventure spiced with a delicious flavor of challenge and reply.
mr. micawber, leaning back in his chair with his hands in his pockets, eyed us aside, and nodded his head, as much as to say that the case was very clearly put.
the controlling purpose, then, is almost always of a dual nature; it aims at both the understanding and the emotions.
of course, or girl, mr. hubble, assented mr. wopsle, rather irritably, but there is no girl present.
we are not likely to remain alone much longer, said agnes, and while i have an opportunity, let me earnestly entreat you, trotwood, to be friendly to uriah.
in order to judge of such attempts, it is necessary to take a survey of human knowledge, and to form an opinion as to its methods and its limitations.
the voice returned, quite right, and the window was shut again, and a young lady came across the court-yard, with keys in her hand.
he will be taught to walk straight and on his own feet.
as the grayish cloud drifted over the parapet, there was a stifled call from some dozen men who had carelessly let their protectors drop.
i was the only inside passenger, jolting away knee-deep in straw, when i came to myself.
this, blotted with tears, was the letter.
i cannot find it, said he, and i must have it.
herbert was my intimate companion and friend.
the noise ceased at the sound of her voice, and he presently came out to her, and they walked up and down together for a long time.
an instinctive claim to control natural objects is an individual interest of which the law must take account.
my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber, yourself and mr. traddles find us on the brink of migration, and will excuse any little discomforts incidental to that position.
but when i say the eldest is a beauty, i mean she really is a-- he seemed to be describing clouds about himself, with both hands: splendid, you know, said traddles, energetically.
and group feeling produces a limited and often harmful kind of morality.
emly, my dear!--she knows im a going to tell, here his delight broke out again, and has made off.
tole ole ham to watch me, too--servants spyin' on me--whuzyer think that, my fren'?
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
his sufferings were hailed with the greatest joy by a knot of spectators, and i felt utterly confounded.
hell say something presently--mind you!--hell be sorry to have said afterwards, and youll be sorry to have heard!
agnes was very cheerful; and laughingly predicted that i should soon become too famous to be talked to, on such subjects.
there were the compounds of a life-problem sufficiently complex to satisfy the most captious.
for it defies all the laws known to men.
there was nothing we could do without.
and because this surgeon had to have bodies to demonstrate upon, he announced that he would treat the children of the poor, a piece of magnanimity over which the papers became quite eloquent.
ordinarily you will find slight difficulty in determining the class; but in every case you must patiently search until you have found some class into which your subject naturally fits.
she had her back towards me, and held her pretty brown hair spread out in her two hands, and never looked round, and passed out of my view directly.
i walked no further than the gate of the gardens, and then pretended to be weaker than i was, and asked joe for his arm.
traddles shrugged his shoulders, and was not at all surprised.
certain sensations and other mental occurrences have a property which we call discomfort; these cause such bodily movements as are likely to lead to their cessation.
a man does not have to be so very old or so very much traveled to recall the day when the pullman was called a palace ear and did its enterprising best to justify that title.
but how could i, a poor dazed village lad, avoid that wonderful inconsistency into which the best and wisest of men fall every day?
of little worth as life is when we misuse it, it is worth that effort.
why should our life be in any respect provincial?
for though at that hour the body may be dog-tired, the mind is white and lucid, like that of a man from whom a fever has abated.
such beliefs display themselves when the expectations that they arouse fail in any way.
he told me, as soon as i came up with him, that having now discharged his mind of what he had purposed doing in london, he meant to set out on his travels, that night.
i seem to have been carrying the licence about, in my pocket, many months.
i was impatient for the short walk in the interval, that agnes might praise dora to me.
but if you would know the delights of bee-hunting, and how many sweets such a trip yields beside honey, come with me some bright, warm, late september or early october day.
it is evident to me that australia is the legitimate sphere of action for mr. micawber!
now, said a suppressed voice with an oath, ive got you!
she slightly turned her head towards the spot where rosa dartle had been standing at her elbow, and in that moment i said, by the motion of my lips, to rosa, dead!
why, because annies a charming young girl, and the old doctor--doctor strong, i mean--is not quite a charming young boy, said mr. jack maldon, laughing.
it was, no doubt, mr. spenlows voice, but i didnt know it, and i didnt care whose it was.
and there i shall take you to the stage-cutch, and the stage-cutch thatll take you to--wherever it is.
in that, there seemed a faint expression of curiosity or perplexity--as though he were trying to reconcile some doubts in his mind.
only a little tired of myself, replied estella, disengaging her arm, and moving to the great chimney-piece, where she stood looking down at the fire.
this salesman-adviser's philosophy was as simple as it was sound.
then she would take up another pen, and begin to write, and find that it spluttered.
jonas pushed a truck loaded with hams from the smoke rooms on to an elevator, and thence to the packing rooms.
down to that moment, i had vainly supposed that my creditor had withdrawn, or suspended proceedings until i should be quite recovered.
we want, therefore, a different method of answering our question.
he had great confidence in my opinion, and what did i think?
to divert his thoughts from this melancholy subject, i informed mr. micawber that i relied upon him for a bowl of punch, and led him to the lemons.
the soldiers were in front of us, extending into a pretty wide line with an interval between man and man.
i am, said the stranger, thank heaven, quite well.
in the shop where he worked was a man, a lithuanian like himself, whom the others spoke of in admiring whispers, because of the mighty feats he was performing.
yes, she answered; but that's not what i meant.
say, my fren', whatcha say--willye come home an' see me, an' hassome supper?
the second datum is that we certainly have more capacity for knowing the past than for knowing the future.
tired and unstrung as he must be by the devoted labors of the last half-hour, he is in no condition to effect a rescue.
then they turned as swiftly, and they walked away from us.
he looked so wistfully into my face, and was so anxious to understand, that i took great pains to answer him slowly and distinctly, as i might have entered on an explanation to a child.
there are mists, faint and beautiful and unchanging, that hang over the green slopes of some mountains i know.
among the best-known newspaper syndicates are the newspaper enterprise association, cleveland, ohio; the mcclure newspaper syndicate, new york; and the newspaper feature service, new york.
the belief must be of that sort that constitutes objective reference, past or present.
the same determined patriots and good republicans as yesterday and the day before, and to-morrow and the day after.
the mosquito man has an assistant, paid by the towns of darien and norwalk--and together they traverse the country.
yes, said i, casting my eyes over the note, which was exactly in those terms.
a very large public has enjoyed mr. white's writings--many of his readers, perhaps, without accurately realizing how extraordinarily good they are.
the power of the magistrate has been a liberalizing agency in periods of growth.
you have no more nat'ral sense of duty than the bed of this here thames river has of a pile, and similarly it must be knocked into you.
in his rather dull mind he pictured himself as he would look, straight and dignified, in the khaki uniform, perhaps even with the three stripes of the sergeant on his arm.
the remembrance of this, in connexion with my former thought, however, haunted me at intervals, even until the inexorable end came at its appointed time.
he had no money, and no place to sleep; he must begin begging again.
whenever it rained, the rheumatism would get into his joints, and then he would screw up his face and mutter: capitalism, my boy, capitalism!
he is not my private friend and public patron, as steerforth was, but i hold him in a reverential respect.
the partridge is drumming in the woods, and the woodpeckers are drumming on dry limbs.
it is customary to assume that, in such cases, the past operates by modifying the structure of the brain, not directly.
it was almost dark when they arrived at the bank.
the mortar on them was fifty years old, and was said to be still growing harder; but this is one of those sayings which men love to repeat whether they are true or not.
but youll excuse me if i say, sir, that there are neither slaves nor slave-drivers in this country, and that people are not allowed to take the law into their own hands.
as he opened the door, he saw elzbieta, who had also been looking for ona, and had come home again.
said mr. drummle, edging me a little away with his shoulder.
elzbieta had firmly fixed in her mind the last solemn warning of jurgis: if there is anything wrong, do not give him the money, but go out and get a lawyer.
he had seen the prisoner show these identical lists to french gentlemen at calais, and similar lists to french gentlemen, both at calais and boulogne.
so that criticism loves to dwell upon and distinguish the varying periods of a raphael, a shakespeare, or a beethoven.
i wondered how many other clerks there were upstairs, and whether they all claimed to have the same detrimental mastery of their fellow-creatures.
i had my own old mug with david on it, and my own old little knife and fork that wouldnt cut.
rosa dartle glided, as we went in, from another part of the room and stood behind her chair.
in view of the very narrow range of our immediate experience, this result is vital, and until it is understood, much of our knowledge must remain mysterious and therefore doubtful.
she exclaimed--and then came a peevish voice--jadvyga, you are giving the baby a cold.
there is something servile in the habit of seeking after a law which we may obey.
mr. micawber was waiting for me within the gate, and we went up to his room (top story but one), and cried very much.
meaning the master you were to be apprenticed to?
you may suppose i am not able to walk as fast as you, with my short legs and short breath, and i couldnt overtake you; but i guessed where you came, and came after you.
in the following account of an emotional and mental process what root principle do you find?
to americans i hardly need to say westward the star of empire takes its way.
let sleeping dogs lie--who wants to rouse em?
they will be willing to call themselves an earthquake or a cyclone, if only their devastating propensities can be freely gratified without any question of morals coming in.
but the black beetles took no notice of the agitation, and groped about the hearth in a ponderous elderly way, as if they were short-sighted and hard of hearing, and not on terms with one another.
together, they saved us from a retardation of universal thought.
in the present lecture i shall begin the arguments for this view.
they had not enjoyed themselves a quarter so much, before the entertainment was brightened with the excitement he furnished.
miss grace griswold, an experienced co-worker of the late augustine daly, will act as manager.
and then teta elzbieta broke forth into protestations and reproaches, so that the people outside stopped and peered in at the window.
joe got off with half a pint; but was made to swallow that (much to his disturbance, as he sat slowly munching and meditating before the fire), because he had had a turn.
and a most unctuous and oily of bishops!
in the same way in roman law the son in the household, even if of full age, normally had no property.
your lodging (which i have arranged for) will be paid by me.
there was an obtrusive show of compassionate zeal in his voice and manner, more intolerable--at least to me--than any demeanour he could have assumed.
he closed the door in elzbieta's face, and went toward his wife.
to abandon the struggle for private happiness, to expel all eagerness of temporary desire, to burn with passion for eternal things--this is emancipation, and this is the free man's worship.
i have not seen my mother this long time, and it lies upon my conscience, for its something to be loved as she loves her prodigal son.---bah!
it is the intrinsic nature of belief that will concern us to-day.
oh, nothing--it happens to us every now and then.
he said that mrs. micawber had latterly had her doubts on this point, but that he had dispelled them, and reassured her.
of the geese outside the side-gate who come waddling after me with their long necks stretched out when i go that way, i dream at night: as a man environed by wild beasts might dream of lions.
we seized our box, we shoved them aside, and we ran to the window.
both mr. and mrs. micawber have seen a good deal of life, and are excellent company.
in the ruffle at the bottom of one of them, worn for the last time at least a week before the visit to the restaurant, she found the pin.
defarge took his receipt without noticing the exclamation, and withdrew, with his two fellow-patriots.
my sister was never left alone now; but joe more than readily undertook the care of her on that sunday afternoon, and biddy and i went out together.
he put up his hands to protect his face, but jurgis, lunging with all the power of his arm and body, struck him fairly between the eyes and knocked him backward.
mr. spenlow and i falling into this conversation, prolonged it and our saunter to and fro, until we diverged into general topics.
and he remade the bed while x lit a stogy and went back to the smoker.
two men are sometimes found to perceive very similar perspectives, so similar that they can use the same words to describe them.
when by historical investigation he has found out what the rule is, he has only to fit it to just and unjust alike.
he was a french gentleman; a scientific gentleman; a man of great acquirements--a doctor.
now, im not a going to stand it, you know!
dora would not allow me, for a long time, to remove the handkerchief.
miss skiffins was of a wooden appearance, and was, like her escort, in the post-office branch of the service.
the child is incurably sick of school, the parent remains obdurate.
his manner and his look quite terrified them all.
the bohemians had come then, and after them the poles.
there seems no reason whatever to accept this view.
* * * * * there is no difference in appearance between the community store and any other provision store.
attempts to classify all kinds of headlines and titles involve difficulties similar to those already encountered in the effort to classify all types of beginnings.
it is induced and maintained by familiar surroundings.
he had been born in a little village in france, in a doctor's household.
no company, a walk, a family dinner of four, and an evening of looking over books and pictures; miss murdstone with a homily before her, and her eye upon us, keeping guard vigilantly.
it is said that loons have been caught in the new york lakes eighty feet beneath the surface, with hooks set for trout,though walden is deeper than that.
anything, sir, said jurgis--only i had a broken arm this winter, and so i have to be careful.
after not setting eyes upon you or hearing of you for so long a time, do i find you here!
no adulation was too fulsome for her, no flattery of her beauty too gross.
if, on the other hand, i take any one of these propositions and replace its constituents, one at a time, by other constituents, the form remains constant, but no constituent remains.
splendour and pleasure were with elizabeth the very air she breathed.
they are damned who touch the things of the unmentionable times.
he followed the boy's glance to where the keeper was standing watching them.
the distinction here pointed out between the part of a person's life which concerns only himself, and that which concerns others, many persons will refuse to admit.
when i saw him in the room he had this expressive pocket-handkerchief in both hands, and was looking at us.
i was ingenuous and young, and i thought so.
it is forms, in this sense, that are the proper object of philosophical logic.
it may have interest in other respects sufficiently great to compensate for its lack of timeliness.
she then placed herself before the door of the chamber which lucie had occupied.
she had the temper of a hyena, and soon the place she ran was a witch's caldron.
o. henry was not born till september of the same year.
miss havisham quite shrieked, as she stretched out her arms.
one of them was always taking refreshment.
an ominous crowd gathered to see him dismount of the posting-yard, and many voices called out loudly, down with the emigrant!
most of us really have this interest but we browbeat ourselves into a belief that a biography, especially an expository biography, must be dull.
miss havisham, you must know, was a spoilt child.
as soon as scientific legal development begins in the middle ages the law once more comes in contact with philosophy through the study of both in the universities.
i crossed the staircase landing, and entered the room she indicated.
and so on until morning--when they would go out to another day of toil, a little weaker, a little nearer to the time when it would be their turn to be shaken from the tree.
indicate how the selection would differ if the controlling object were to be bitter jealousy expressed by a resident in a newer, larger, envious city.
the victim was an insurance agent, and he had lost a hundred and ten dollars that did not belong to him.
then, i got up and partly dressed, and sat at the window to take a last look out, and in taking it fell asleep.
if he is asked to recommend a plan of procedure, he will make an analysis of the details of this plan and will present them.
i want to ask a moment, my dear boy, and i have done.
for, since the object of such explanation as attempts to make clear is primarily information, the main quality of the writing should be clearness.
the morning hurry and flutter had been great; for, long and anxiously as i had waited for wemmick, his hint had come like a surprise at last.
the attempt to maintain the separation of powers by constitutional prohibitions has pointed to the same lesson from another side.
it is dark in the streets and there are no men about, for no men may walk through the city when they have no mission to walk there.
do you think that it would be too much to say that two hours of the working time of every efficient member of a community goes to feed the red fiend of war?
but it is plain that such niceties cannot affect the principle, and can only introduce complications in its application.
we had touched no flint, made no fire.
well, to my finding human beings do not like one another.
we wish to speak it, but we dare not speak it above a whisper.
have i had nothing more important to remember, in the great service you rendered me that day?
that these likenesses had grown more numerous, as he, coming over the sea, had drawn nearer.
so paradoxical are these qualities that until our own day they were thought to constitute logical contradictions.
the pages should be numbered in the upper right-hand corner.
i was about indignantly to give my assertion the confirmation he required, when he caught hold of my hand, and gave it a squeeze.
it must have been old durham in the beginning; it was a heritage which the self-made merchant had left to his son, along with his millions.
then and now the moral duty to keep abstract promises was and is recognized.
no; you have been the ward of tellson's house since, and i have been busy with the other business of tellson's house since.
then, on to checkmate, the most perfect type of utter finality, clear-cut and absolute.
but it was never a satisfactory explanation.
the intrinsic nature of belief can be treated without reference to what makes it true or false.
the law had made no provision for keeping track of the children once they had left school.
but i have some experience of mr. jorkins, copperfield.
gawaine seemed dangerously close to a relapse into his old habit of whimpering.
i approached him tenderly, for i loved even him; but he showed his whole set of teeth, got under a chair expressly to snarl, and wouldnt hear of the least familiarity.
and i cannot help avowing that this was the first occasion on which i really did justice to the clear head, and the plain, patient, practical good sense, of my old schoolfellow.
inexperienced writers are often at a loss to know how to secure good photographs.
they will recompense him now, i hope, as he deserves.
once, it had seemed to me that when i should at last roll up my shirt-sleeves and go into the forge, joes prentice, i should be distinguished and happy.
from laughter and tears the descent is easy to snivelling and giggles.
sir, said mrs. crupp, in a tone approaching to severity, ive laundressed other young gentlemen besides yourself.
a phantasm of our dreams will appear to have a mind--a mind to be annoying, as a rule.
mr. dick, who had been with me to highgate twice already, and had resumed his companionship with the doctor, i took with me.
no, danl, returned mrs. gummidge, whimpering and shaking her head.
with the seamy side of life constantly before him, he may find that his faith in human nature is being undermined.
such was that part of creation where i had squatted; there was a shepherd that did live, and held his thoughts as high as were the mounts whereon his flocks did hourly feed him by.
i presently asked, with increasing diffidence.
in the first lecture i gave various arguments against the view that consciousness is fundamental, but i did not attempt to say what consciousness is.
oh, master says hell attend to it immediate, was the reply.
this is precisely what should be said to every government and every public, who have the pretension that no person shall enjoy any pleasure which they think wrong.
he is true as a dial to the sun, although it be not shined upon.
these thoughts, and a hundred other such thoughts, turned me burning hot, and made me giddy with apprehension and dismay.
but besides the logical analysis of the common knowledge which forms our data, there is the consideration of its degree of certainty.
i never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
but these requirements are in no way beyond the possibility of acquiring by any one who will set himself to the task.
a rule that can re-establish itself and extend its scope in this way is not moribund.
her contempt for me was so strong, that it became infectious, and i caught it.
ham yielded to this persuasion, and took his hat to go.
they have no doubt that it is a damnable business in which they are concerned; they are all peaceably inclined.
there was a bar at the jolly bargemen, with some alarmingly long chalk scores in it on the wall at the side of the door, which seemed to me to be never paid off.
the postage required to send that same five-pound chicken from here to chicago, one hundred and fifty miles, is eight cents.
our dearest dora is a favourite child of nature.
oh, said jurgis, wonderingly, and stared at the speaker in awe.
thus it may well be possible to extract in words all that has meaning in an image-content; in that case the word-content and the image-content will have exactly the same objective reference.
or that it cost one pound six--which was more than we can afford.
my dear, said mr. micawber, britannia must take her chance.
which do not overdo it, pip, said joe; but i shall be happy fur to see you able, sir.
i do not know how long she has been ill.
the modern law in countries which take their law from rome has developed this decisive limitation.
secondly, their interpretation of experience may be correct, but unsuitable to him.
i hastened to comply with his friendly suggestion, and opening peggottys purse, turned it upside down into his hand.
this is mr. barleys breakfast for to-morrow, served out to be cooked.
next followed the thought that much of the future peace of mind enjoyable by the dear ones, depended on his quiet fortitude.
when he came back, he ascended the old staircase alone, having asked no question of the servant; going thus into the doctor's rooms, he was stopped by a low sound of knocking.
i felt reluctant to be present, when mr. peggotty first met his sister and ham; and made mr. omer my excuse for lingering behind.
i suspect that i am watched more closely than i was, and i know not at what times i may be watched.
well, ive had a mort of consideration, i do tell you, returned mr. peggotty, with a perplexed look which gradually cleared as he went on, concerning of missis gummidge.
i think it must have been a full year after our hunt upon the marshes, for it was a long time after, and it was winter and a hard frost.
i think i shall trade, said he, leaning back in his chair, to the east indies, for silks, shawls, spices, dyes, drugs, and precious woods.
he must ascertain what type of bacteria he had entrapped.
what an admirable woman; what an adorable woman!
and later on came the evening of the great meeting of the campaign, when jurgis heard the two standard-bearers of his party.
in such a case we distrust our image in spite of its being unusually clear.
you did not give feasts to other people, you waited for them to give feasts to you.
to give annie pleasure, by making some provision for the companion of her childhood.
then come and see my little housekeeper, said mr. wickfield.
nature, as seen in the informal essay, is the nature of emotion that keeps its balance through humor and sanity.
so we were taken to the stone room under the palace of corrective detention.
steerforth, after very much improving mrs. gummidges spirits by a cheerful salutation and a jocose embrace, took my arm, and hurried me away.
but since we have got so far, i ought to take the liberty of mentioning that copperfield has noticed it too.
the dinner was very long, and the conversation was about the aristocracy--and blood.
there was a breaking of floodgates, a whirl of new memories and new griefs rushing into his mind.
i might as vell go mit you for noffing as vot you offer me, but i vill try to help you.
i wish i were going myself, said charles darnay, somewhat restlessly, and like one thinking aloud.
mr. copperfield and you, miss, are different people.
a cracked handle of a broom, carpet sweeper, or umbrella can be repaired with this first aid to the injured.
i began to comprehend what its inhabitants were about.
i see where the breeze dashes across it by the streaks or flakes of light.
mr. micawber was quite overcome by these friendly words, and by finding mr. dicks hand again within his own.
an emotion in its entirety is, of course, something much more complex than a perception.
this practical authority confused me very much by saying i had the arm of a blacksmith.
it arose to meet the exigencies of the stage of equity and natural law, one of the great creative periods of legal history.
instead of his being required to make any exertion or sacrifice for securing education to the child, it is left to his choice to accept it or not when it is provided gratis!
if you are saved, your child is saved too; if you are lost, your child is still saved.
in looking at me and then laughing heartily, herbert for the time recovered his usual lively manner.
hence our knowledge as to physical objects depends throughout upon this possibility of general knowledge where no instance can be given.
said i, gratefully admiring his cheery ways.
those which, according to our terminology, involve vital movements as opposed to merely mechanical movements.
so long as only two terms come in, the relation 'between' is impossible: three terms are the smallest number that render it possible.
such a man has some right to fish, and i love to see nature carried out in him.
this theory differs significantly from the idea of antiquity, although it goes by the old name.
the air is filled with the bleating of calves and sheep, and the hustling of oxen, as if a pastoral valley were going by.
it was a consequence of his hurt that he spoke so low as to be scarcely audible; therefore he spoke very little.
only brooks of sheffield, said mr. murdstone.
to doctor his own moustachios with, you know.
in general, i board with the people downstairs, who are very agreeable people indeed.
i laughingly expressed my satisfaction, but i must confess that i thought this association of ideas significant.
it was mine too, and i highly respected miss mowcher for it.
we had not thought of coming here, but our legs had carried our wisdom, and our legs had brought us to the uncharted forest against our will.
i set myself to playing the devoted and absorbed young mother.
i encouraged doctor manette in this idea, because i felt that it might one day be consolatory to her.
it is hardly as if you had seen a wild creature when a rabbit or a partridge bursts away, only a natural one, as much to be expected as rustling leaves.
stand away from me, she says, i am a ghost that calls her from beside her open grave!
it is better, i think, to take a more external and causal view of the relation of expectation to expected occurrence.
it is important for a writer to know how soon he may expect a decision on his contributions.
a small notebook that can be carried in the pocket or in a woman's hand-bag is most convenient.
they wished that she would be still; her voice sounded like the croaking of some dismal raven.
she was a little dilapidated--like a house--with having been so long to let; yet had, as i have said, an appearance of good looks.
this response must have some characteristics which it shares with those of scientific instruments, but must also have others that are peculiar to knowledge.
it does what it does at each stage because instinct gives it an impulse to do just that, not because it foresees and desires the result of its actions.
there was an air of reservation in the answer which increased my perplexity, and the answer was, that her maid believed she was only coming back at all for a little while.
there is, in addition, a small electric crane on the nose of the submarine so that heavy objects can be borne to the surface.
i doubt if he can hold out long, though.
in the maturity of roman law a compromise was made, and various compromises have obtained ever since.
if she should come here, said i, i believe there is one person, here, more likely to discover her than any other in the world.
we have only met each other once before, you know.
i thought i would give up that point too.
the man who takes the liberty to live is superior to all the laws, by virtue of his relation to the law-maker.
it is this question, and not our previous question as to the difference between sense-data and the physical object, that must now concern us.
a man he took for the proprietor was standing in the lobby, and he went up to him and tackled him for a job.
i knew that this might last for many hours, and that it would probably end in the silence of the grave.
it was not the english language, then, that was an instrument of one string, but macaulay that was an incomparable dauber.
i occasionally made a pretence of wanting a page or two of manuscript copied.
we now set the box down upon the wall and gently remove the cover.
yet this complexity and this division of labor developed for generations in which the common-law jealousy of administration was dominant.
the time had not yet come to call rules or principles or axioms in question.
a townsman told me that when he met him sauntering through the village in his small close-fitting cap, and whistling to himself, he reminded him of a prince in disguise.
to get rid of her, i undressed quickly, extinguished my light, and went to bed.
delicious tremors ran up and down my spine, and i was faint with suppressed enthusiasm.
last evening after tea, pursued miss murdstone, i observed the little dog starting, rolling, and growling about the drawing-room, worrying something.
two ideas gradually operated to break up these group interests and bring about recognition of individual interests.
hundreds upon hundreds of years ago men knew secrets which we have lost.
so much the little man heard, and then he pressed jurgis's arm tightly.
but we know its nature, we have watched it and worked with it.
all phenomena were determined by inexorable natural laws to be discovered by observation.
their delight at discovering that they were to get out of this adventure without losing another share of their possessions it would not be possible to describe.
we learned the names of the children and their ages.
i asked leave to teach myself, and i got it with much difficulty after a long while, and i have made shoes ever since.
his hands were his own, and he could help them, he could do battle for them against the world.
if you knew all my story, she pleaded, you would have some compassion for me and a better understanding of me.
my burning arm throbbed, and my burning head throbbed, and i fancied i was beginning to wander.
tell her it's jurgis, he answered, and the girl went upstairs.
i believed that the doctor was right, and i had no worse suspicions.
but almost all say that such is not the case now.
but you are a young gentleman, mr. copperfull, and my adwice to you is, to cheer up, sir, to keep a good heart, and to know your own walue.
in physical endurance and contentment he was cousin to the pine and the rock.
she was very earnestly and humbly entreating miss murdstones pardon, which that lady granted, and a perfect reconciliation took place.
can i say of her innocent and girlish beauty, that it faded, and was no more, when its breath falls on my cheek now, as it fell that night?
dear me, annie, how illegibly your cousin maldon writes, and how stupid i am!
why don't you take your chance and fix yourself?
jurgis hesitated, giving a glance at freddie, who was snoring softly.
i fondly explained to dora that jip should have his mutton-chop with his accustomed regularity.
i said that i congratulated myself on having the honour to make hers, and that the happiness was mutual.
they all reflect and absorb his rays alike, and the former make but a small part of the glorious picture which he beholds in his daily course.
this controversy as to the respective claims of him who creates by labor and him who furnishes the materials goes back to the roman jurists of the classical period.
mr. mell still looked at him, and still patted me kindly on the shoulder, and said to himself, in a whisper, if i heard right: yes, i thought so.
it is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
we do not wish to be elevated and improved.
even those persons over whom we were nominally supposed to exercise a little brief authority were older than we, and we approached the dragons of our kitchen with a deprecating eye.
if you were writing an appreciative criticism of the working of a rock drill, how would you change the style of writing?
these impossibilities result logically, if i am not mistaken, from the definitions of one thing and one place.
that disadvantage is not diminished, when that pressure necessitates the drawing of stipendiary emoluments, before those emoluments are strictly due and payable.
at daybreak the headmaster saw him to the edge of the forest and pointed him to the direction in which he should proceed.
i take care of them most of the time--i'm making plenty of money now.
hence a person has a right to direct his will upon an external object and an object on which it is so directed becomes his.
in order to make the case definite, we will suppose that we were only in the room on one former occasion.
he had dressed hogs himself in the forest of lithuania; but he had never expected to live to see one hog dressed by several hundred men.
cried my aunt, in a terrified whisper, and pressing my arm.
it is only among agricultural and trade journals that we find a distinctly sectional circulation.
give the child into my hands, and i will do my best to bring you off.
we could go no farther than half a mile, for earth and rock had fallen at both ends.
the otherwise immovable miss murdstone laughed contemptuously in one short syllable.
what miss lavinia did, her sister did as a matter of course.
if two very different senses of a word are present to the mind at the same moment, the result is a pun, intentional or unintentional.
men are not more zealous for truth than they often are for error, and a sufficient application of legal or even of social penalties will generally succeed in stopping the propagation of either.
whether he could do anything, without being brought up to something?
now, he pursued, concerning miss havisham.
i like that, too, when it is well done; but i was accustomed to men who did it better.
i watched a couple that were fast locked in each others embraces, in a little sunny valley amid the chips, now at noon-day prepared to fight till the sun went down, or life went out.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
i felt that i made them as uncomfortable as they made me.
thus, monsieur defarge, in a stern voice, to mr. lorry, as they began ascending the stairs.
i know this is a confidence, she modestly said, after a little hesitation, and in earnest tears, i know you would say this to no one else.
god forgive me, theers a difference now!
as a rule, the reason has been forgotten, or has even never been consciously present to our minds.
my aunts tears of pleasure were positively trickling down into the warm ale.
the people immediately behind madame defarge, explaining the cause of her satisfaction to those behind them, and those again explaining to others, and those to others, the neighbouring streets resounded with the clapping of hands.
thank heaven, here is not all the world.
descartes' 'methodical doubt', with which modern philosophy began, is not of this kind, but is rather the kind of criticism which we are asserting to be the essence of philosophy.
it is indispensable, therefore, that the means should exist, independently of the government, of forming such ability, and furnishing it with the opportunities and experience necessary for a correct judgment of great practical affairs.
here at five in the afternoon you may see long lines of sleek, well-groomed cows standing in their cement-floored, perfectly drained sheds.
an ordinary departmental committee is no use: generally they only give you a couple of pages of lined foolscap and no white blotting-paper, and very often the pencils are quite soft.
the shrill ring of the block-sheaves indicates a tension that is not far from breaking-point.
a stout irishwoman came to the top of the steps.
but, trotwood, come here, getting me close to him, that he might whisper very softly; why did she give him money, boy, in the moonlight?
his earlier writings were more flowing and suggestive, and had reference to larger problems; but now everything has got weighed and stamped and converted into the medium of wise and scholarly conversation.
in the last analysis, good writing means clear thinking, and at no stage in the preparation of an article is clear thinking more necessary than in the planning of it.
the figure of my sister in her chair by the kitchen fire, haunted me night and day.
this, however, was a mere question of length and wearisomeness.
was it for nothing that they had dyed with their loyal blood the soil of a hundred battlefields?
dede antanas had died of the struggle to earn that money--he would have been alive and strong today if he had not had to work in durham's dark cellars to earn his share.
an opportunity such as this would not come twice to a man; and jurgis seized it.
i spent two whole days and half a night in these offices and not once save at night was there a let-up in this sort of thing.
such a method is useful in explaining the feudal system, the college fraternity, the national convention of a political party.
it seems but yesterday that i had the honour of attending you in the measles.
if, then, you feel like confidential writing, what may your subjects be?
spring the opening of large tracts by the ice-cutters commonly causes a pond to break up earlier; for the water, agitated by the wind, even in cold weather, wears away the surrounding ice.
the eldest miss larkins is not a chicken; for the youngest miss larkins is not that, and the eldest must be three or four years older.
worth no more than that, repeated mr. cruncher.
strong phrenological developments of the organ of firmness, in mr. murdstone and his sister, sir.
it is not in your nature to forget them.'
but unimportance is not unreality; and therefore what we shall have to say about zeno's arguments in support of parmenides must be mainly critical.
i am as unhappy as you can ever have meant me to be.
try to hold me in your mind, at some quiet times, as ardent and sincere in this one thing.
such would be the process in analyzing and classifying types of cathedral architecture; your work will not be complete until you have included all possible forms.
i was not free from apprehension that he would come back to propound through the gate, and sixteen?
so his hands relaxed and he merely said quietly: it is done, and there is no use in weeping, teta elzbieta.
the thrush sings in it, and blackbirds, who fill the late, decorative sunshine with a shimmer of golden sound.
would it not be more amusing to obtain undeserved praise, to be worshiped by beings whom he tortured?
the question of causal dependence is much more difficult.
them belonging to the house would have stopped her, but they might as soon have stopped the sea.
if not so already, this will soon, i dare say, be the typical englishwoman.
in a sulky triumph, drummle showed his morose depreciation of the rest of us, in a more and more offensive degree, until he became downright intolerable.
yet, no one had followed them, and no man spoke when they entered the wine-shop, though the eyes of every man there were turned upon them.
the kind of way in which infinity has been used to discredit the world of sense may be illustrated by kant's first two antinomies.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
it has made the mistake of attacking the interesting problems at once, instead of proceeding patiently and slowly, accumulating whatever solid knowledge was obtainable, and trusting the great problems to the future.
not satisfied with a dry cleaning, she took to a pail and scrubbing-brush, and cleaned us out of house and home, so that we stood shivering in the back-yard.
biddy was mr. wopsles great-aunts granddaughter; i confess myself quite unequal to the working out of the problem, what relation she was to mr. wopsle.
on wemmicks return from working these mechanical appliances, i expressed the great admiration with which i regarded them, and he said, well, you know, theyre both pleasant and useful to the aged.
she now observed to me, aloud, resuming her former restraint, that it was useless to hear more, or to say more, and that she begged to put an end to the interview.
he gave me a sidelong glance out of his sinister red eyes, and laughed.
if, for example, two propositions p and q were self-evident, and it were also self-evident that p and q could not both be true, that would condemn self-evidence as a guarantee of truth.
he could not hope to tide himself over by odd jobs of loading trucks; he could not even sell newspapers or carry satchels, because he was now at the mercy of any rival.
it is therefore important to consider the relative justification of the two ways of applying the principle of continuity.
well, mr. and mrs. micawber, was my aunts first salutation after we were seated.
this servility, though essentially selfish, is not hypocrisy; it gives rise to perfectly genuine sentiments of abhorrence; it made men burn magicians and heretics.
as he was fast making jam of his fruit by wrestling with the door while the paper-bags were under his arms, i begged him to allow me to hold them.
rules, that is, definite, detailed provisions for definite, detailed states of fact, are the main reliance of the beginnings of law.
see you, said madame, i care nothing for this doctor, i.
she never abated the piercing quality of her shrieks, never stumbled in the distinctness or the order of her words.
may i ask a question, doctor manette, before i go?
to which my conductor replied, pumblechook.
miss murdstone, during the latter portion of the contest, had dismounted, and was now waiting with her brother at the bottom of the steps, until my aunt should be at leisure to receive them.
now, it is of no use asking too much of me.
philosophical writers on physics sometimes speak as though the conservation of something or other were essential to the possibility of science, but this, i believe, is an entirely erroneous opinion.
i have obtained the favour that the bearer has a short note from charles to his wife.
if many terms may have the relation in question, science will not be satisfied until it has found some more stringent law, which will enable us to determine the inferred things uniquely.
come in, pip, miss havisham continued to mutter, without looking round or up; come in, pip, how do you do, pip?
this was naturally confusing, among so many strangers, and cost me some tears, but on the whole it was much better than i had anticipated.
i've more than a dozen, but that's my company one.
the hue and cry going off to the hulks, and people coming thence to examine the iron, joes opinion was corroborated.
he is one of the best-known, most public-spirited and most truly loved of american journalists.
i am the resurrection and the life, saith the lord: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in me, shall never die.
that were your observation when i broke it off, pip?
how, in such an alien and inhuman world, can so powerless a creature as man preserve his aspirations untarnished?
some ruthless city employe may have flooded the surface of the pond with kerosene, the merest touch of which means death to a mosquito.
anyhow, with whitewash from the wall on my forehead, my obstinacy was adamantine.
i could not see my father weep, and sit by, careless.
handsome would be the word, returned my sister.
if there is no act, there is no liability.
your sister betsey trotwood would have told me what she thought of anyone, directly.
moreover, whatever we do, we must take account of the instinct of acquisitiveness and of individual claims grounded thereon.
my aunt, with one clap of her hands, and one look through her spectacles, immediately went into hysterics, for the first and only time in all my knowledge of her.
it begins to be refracted, and dimmed by mist, and its velocity is slightly diminished.
sterling morton, a nebraskan who was appointed secretary of agriculture by cleveland.
had he, on the other hand, smoked too much?
we should like to know what vision of reformation succeeded his disillusion.
as for the pure juice of the apple, four gallons a day per man used to be the harvest allowance in somerset when i was a boy.
among teachers a historical theory has the larger following.
madame defarge knitted steadily, but the intelligence had a palpable effect upon her husband.
the army was almost eksklusively a highland army.
such philosophers are called 'idealists'.
she was seated on the ground, with her arms on the ragged chair, and her head leaning on them.
rather he knows that, however slight in the sweeping cycle of time a stick of striped candy may be, to the child who drops it into the gutter it is of more weight than a royal scepter.
i should like some people that i know to hear dicks conversation on the subject.
all you want is something to eat and a place to sleep, isn't it?
we have seen the lightning strike it again and again.
such oppositions of interest between individuals often arise from bad social institutions, but are unavoidable while those institutions last; and some would be unavoidable under any institutions.
the glass door of the parlour was not open; but in the workshop across the yard i could faintly hear the old tune playing, as if it had never left off.
i laughed at the fellow, but i thoroughly understood him; so would every englishman; for at the root of our being is a hatred of parsimony.
after a nights sleep the news is as indispensable as the breakfast.
do you still think, in spite of it, that i do not mean what i say?
this seems to be the exact opposite of the truth.
how to make an exquisite angel cake--the delicacy necessary.
this phrase is not very clear, but it is plain that it assumes the impossibility of definite infinite numbers.
there was a gentle dignity about that plain, hard-working woman, that soldier's widow--we all felt it.
this state of things accounts fully for the perception of motion.
i did not fear the hen-harriers, for i kept no chickens; but i feared the men-harriers rather.
it is often supposed that nothing which has ceased to exist can continue to have effects, but this is a mere prejudice, due to a wrong conception of causality.
i ask for information, and i am glad to know it.
it was an infamous prosecution, grossly infamous; but not the less likely to succeed on that account.
i give the promise, said the doctor, without any condition.
it appeared, in answer to my inquiries, that nobody had the least idea of the etymology of this terrible verb passive to be gormed; but that they all regarded it as constituting a most solemn imprecation.
he looked up, for an instant at a time, when he was requested to do so; but, no persuasion would extract a word from him.
when it was yet light enough to work and read, she had neither engaged herself in her usual work, nor had she read to him.
last summer, when the knights templars held their convention in denver, it sent four hundred and fifty extra cars out to the capital of colorado.
the presence of an impious oath breaker was a social danger and he might be devoted to the infernal gods.
after a silence of a few moments, during which they all looked towards him without disturbing his outward attention from the jacobin editor, they resumed their conversation.
as in the short story so in the narrative article, description of persons, places, and objects involved serves to heighten the effect.
it made an impression on the boys too, for there was a low stir among them, though no one spoke a word.
the wayfarer smoked his pipe out, put it in his breast, slipped off his great wooden shoes, and lay down on his back on the heap of stones.
yet i did detect, when the wind lulled and hearing was done away, the finest imaginable sweet musical hum,as of a distant hive in may, which perchance was the sound of their thinking.
my whole manner of thinking of our late misfortune was changed.
liszt tried hard to extricate himself from pianoforte arabesques, and become a tone poet like his friend wagner.
it would do for me and dora admirably: with a little front garden for jip to run about in, and bark at the tradespeople through the railings, and a capital room upstairs for my aunt.
joe, said i; dont you think i ought to make miss havisham a visit?
this may be true, but it is a causal psychological fact, not a logical fact.
where the city ends there is a great road winding off to the north, and we street sweepers must keep this road clean to the first milepost.
i echoed, with all my heart and soul, that it was like himself.
meanwhile the same movement away from the simple theory of delictal liability for culpable causation of damage had taken place elsewhere on the continent.
we cannot say what they meant, for there are no words for their meaning, but we know it without words and we knew it then.
after further examination, they burned the card-case and its contents, all but the bills, and likewise the picture of a little girl in the locket.
there was a very dirty lady in his little room, and two wan girls, his daughters, with shock heads of hair.
so jurgis began, without further parley.
in the light of your answer to the preceding question do you think that the article is really fair?
past and future must be acknowledged to be as real as the present, and a certain emancipation from slavery to time is essential to philosophic thought.
little need to show that this detested family name had long been anathematised by saint antoine, and was wrought into the fatal register.
this is he; this helpless, inarticulately murmuring, wandering old man pointed out.
the one who came from farthest to my lodge, through deepest snows and most dismal tempests, was a poet.
long enough to be tired of it, returned drummle, pretending to yawn, but equally determined.
after a discovery such as that it would have seemed ungrateful to find any fault, and so they tried to shut their eyes to other defects.
you villain, said i, what do you mean by entrapping me into your schemes?
it would have been of as much avail to interrogate any stone face outside the chateau as to interrogate that face of his.
the gushing fountains which sparkle in the sun, must not be stopped in mere caprice; the oasis in the desert of sahara must not be plucked up idly.
they could be idealized as the result of a division by agreement and of successions to, or acquisitions from, those who participated therein.
but space and time also raise difficult problems of much the same kind, namely, difficulties in reducing the haphazard untidy world of immediate sensation to the smooth orderly world of geometry and kinematics.
thoroughly dissolve one pound of loaf sugar, boil until it threads and set from the fire.
bentley drummle, who was so sulky a fellow that he even took up a book as if its writer had done him an injury, did not take up an acquaintance in a more agreeable spirit.
mr. micawber evidently had his presentiment on the subject too, but he put it in his tin pot and swallowed it.
it has remained for the working women of st. louis to make the industrial idea effective and to reach out with united single purpose to bend the political bow for their protection.
there would have been loss, disgrace, i dont know what at all.
but we must first amplify the definition of perspectives and biographies.
these beans have results which are not harvested by me.
take him, and i can bear it better, for your sake!
instead of thinking of readers as a more or less indefinite mass, the writer will find it advantageous to picture to himself real persons who may be taken as typical readers.
hence his belief cannot possibly consist in a relation to this object.
he called himself for the plaintiff, there was no getting over his evidence, the counsel for the defendant threw up his brief, and the jury did not even turn to consider.
well, well, said mr. thomson, we shall see.
jealousy, for example, is a relation between three people.
how about those occupations in which time is difficult to calculate?
it was clear that i must repair to our town next day, and in the first flow of my repentance, it was equally clear that i must stay at joes.
the civilized man assumes that no one will attack him and so moves among his fellow men openly and unarmed, going about his business in a minute division of labor.
i had many a broken sleep inside the yarmouth mail, and many an incoherent dream of all these things.
so jurgis went out into the streets, in a most dreadful plight.
i asked him once, when i had not seen him for many months, if he had got a new idea this summer.
the madame's having some sort of time with the police; i don't know what it is, but maybe they'll come to terms before morning.
tell me how long it takes to prepare the earthquake?
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
we had our first tremendous quarrel at the end of six months, when, in spite of our furniture money and our birthday checks, we found ourselves two hundred and fifty dollars in debt.
being allowed to purchase the means of writing, and a light, he sat down to write until such time as the prison lamps should be extinguished.
let them wander and scrutinize the outlandish australians.
at the end of every lane i sharpened my scythe and looked back at the work done, and then carried my scythe down again upon my shoulder to begin another.
jurgis seized a bottle off the counter as he ran; and as the bartender made a leap he hurled the missile at him with all his force.
we know our station and are thankful in it.
my involuntary start occasioned her to lay her hand upon my arm.
while admitting that doubt is possible with regard to all our common knowledge, we must nevertheless accept that knowledge in the main if philosophy is to be possible at all.
after these preliminaries, we can return to knight dunlap's article.
mercy on them, and on all poor sailors, said he, if we had another night like the last!
there is quite another direction in which a large technical development of logic has taken place: i mean the direction of what is called logistic or mathematical logic.
this was simple and clear, and yet, with cruel inconsistency, whenever he escaped from this nightmare it was to suffer and cry out at the vision of ona starving.
we regard our room as an original creation produced by our own genius, not likely to be duplicated in our personal experience.
i never was so pleased as when i saw those two sit down together, side by side.
the torpedo has gone hard home at the very weakest hour of our calculated drill.
as he wanted the candles close to him, and as he was always on the verge of putting either his head or the newspaper into them, he required as much watching as a powder-mill.
but, this was not the change on the village, and on many a village like it.
said one of them, contemplating the fallen figure.
but it was the assault not the breach of agreement with which they were concerned.
and the jolly bargemen might take it as a compliment.
fantastic failures of journeys occupied me until the day dawned and the birds were singing.
perhaps a little angry with himself, as well as with the barrister, mr. lorry bustled into the chair, and was carried off to tellson's.
largely, it is founded upon habit and association.
he is the terror of the youth of canterbury.
monseigneur, the good god knows; but i don't ask it.
in this sense, it is not self-contradictory for whole and part to be equal; it is the realisation of this fact which has made the modern theory of infinity possible.
we see only the flowers that are under our feet in the meadows.
taking the brewery on my way back, i raised the rusty latch of a little door at the garden end of it, and walked through.
my dear copperfield, returned traddles, smiling, i havent got anything to lend.
steerforths face fell, and he paused a moment.
i shall also do a little in the mining way.
then she exhibited at the st. joseph, missouri, poultry show with even better success.
why should not our furniture be as simple as the arabs or the indians?
in this search science has been remarkably successful, and it may be conceded that such uniformities have held hitherto.
so, put me down for whatever you may consider right, will you be so good?
he replied, a capitalist,an insurer of ships.
not one of us, however busy or hard, but once or twice in our lives has passed an evening with him, and undergone the charm of his delightful music.
it was like striking out a horseshoe complete, in a single blow.
but to justify the law of property we must go beyond cases of possession where there is an actual physical relation to the object and interference therewith is an aggression upon personality.
came down this morning, with a letter from my mother.
barsad, said another voice, striking in.
as the sparks fell thick and bright about him, i could see his hands, and touches of his face, and could make out that he was seated and bending over the table; but nothing more.
for i looked surprised, its not personal; its professional: only professional.
are those the true and natural sentiments of man?
they are not hard to distinguish, nature once more easily leading us; for the necessary, because the efficacious, facts are those which are most interesting to the natural mind of man.
it was so incomprehensible how a man could fail to see it!
shortly afterwards, his mouth began to widen again.
in my opinion, the first form of abstract concepts in general is based upon such abstract pictures.
i asked for cooling drink, and the dear hand that gave it me was joes.
he had gotten used to being a master of men; and because of the stifling heat and the stench, and the fact that he was a scab and knew it and despised himself.
a striking figure of speech--an unusual metaphor, for example--may often be used in the beginning of an article to arouse curiosity.
i have done what i thowt should be done, but i never looked fur any good to come of my stanning where i do.
in doing so, i heard her say to the coachman, drive anywhere!
an englishman desires, above all, to live largely; on that account he not only dreads but hates and despises poverty.
the usual reason is merely that wishes are all, to begin with, unconscious, and only become known when they are actively noticed.
i turned her gently over, placed my hands upon her breast to calm her and keep her down, and looked into her face.
i found it rather harassing to live in this state of siege, but was too much afraid of mrs. crupp to see any way out of it.
i love my love with an e, because shes enticing; i hate her with an e, because shes engaged.
i have always considered this as the first fall i had in life.
the idea had come to him by chance, he thought.
since the essential qualifications just enumerated are not limited to men, women are quite as well fitted to write special feature and magazine articles as are their brothers in the craft.
the listening face, insensible to the inclement night, still drooped at the door, and the hands begged me--prayed me--not to cast it forth.
after the relief of tears, she soon became composed, and even cheerful.
(you listen to this, said my sister to me, in a severe parenthesis.)
and i saw wemmicks lips form the words portable property.
to the interesting actions of the bee when it is caught he gives at least ten times as much space.
why, i have been ashamed of your moroseness there!
i should be glad if all the meadows on the earth were left in a wild state, if that were the consequence of mens beginning to redeem themselves.
even when peggotty was in the act of drinking, he was seized with one of those approaches, and almost choked her.
they have taken wings, the arts and sciences, and a thousand appliances; the wind that blows is all that any body knows.
a distrust of myself, which has often beset me in life on small occasions, when it would have been better away, was assuredly not stopped in its growth by this little incident outside the canterbury coach.
the answer is, returned joe, sternly, no.
it will not look at all as i thought a year ago it was going to look.
he went into the office building, where a company timekeeper interviewed him.
in these characteristics the principle of induction does not stand alone.
i grew in those seasons like corn in the night, and they were far better than any work of the hands would have been.
the omission of a single point may make it impossible for the reader to understand or to follow the directions.
after an article has been carefully revised, it is ready to be copied in the form in which it will be submitted to editors.
familiarity is a feeling capable of degrees.
factory which has paid her for going to school during working hours!
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
he did not know whose it was; it belonged to the pond.
and from these pursuits have they sucked the essence of yarns and in the setting of these activities found a flavor to stir and to charm hearts untold.
when the day arrived, my very carpet-bag was an object of veneration to the stipendiary clerks, to whom the house at norwood was a sacred mystery.
i even believe it--in some cases--to be quite impossible.
with those words, he released mewhich i was glad of, for his hand smelt of scented soapand went his way downstairs.
it is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.
the farm bureau called a meeting of some fourteen growers and together they figured the cost of production.
said miss pross, cheerfully repressing a sigh as she glanced at her darling's golden hair in the light of the fire, then we must have patience and wait: that's all.
it was a weak complaint to have made, and i had not meant to make it.
all work is stopped, all assemble there, nobody leads the cows out, the cows are there with the rest.
then came the rise of the will theory of legal transactions in the nineteenth century.
zeno, as we shall see, proved that analysis into points and instants was impossible if we adhered to the view that the number of points or instants in a finite space or time must be finite.
they had taken me into the kitchen, and i had laid my head down on the old deal table.
if any hurt should come to me, remember that the last words i left for her was, my unchanged love is with my darling child, and i forgive her!
you dont eat em, returned mr. pumblechook, sighing and nodding his head several times, as if he might have expected that, and as if abstinence from watercresses were consistent with my downfall.
and this same custom they carried over to the end of the day; they did not pay for any fraction of an hour--for broken time.
general terms cover an organized, latent knowledge which is the hidden capital without which we should be in a state of bankruptcy, manipulating false money or paper of no value.
true, said he, and fearful to reflect upon.
if i say ive an ambition to make your agnes my agnes, i have as good a right to it as another man.
meanwhile, councils went on in the kitchen at home, fraught with almost insupportable aggravation to my exasperated spirit.
people can't stay in the water all the time, neither can they spin around the country or go to an unlighted village at night in their carriages and automobiles.
of what use this measuring of me if she does not measure my character, but only the breadth of my shoulders, as it were a peg to hang the coat on?
probably this power alone made the common law of master and servant tolerable in the last generation.
i used to breakfast with them now, in virtue of some arrangement, of which i have forgotten the details.
in fact, in edinburgh i used to import beer of this kind from lincolnshire,[i] where there is no mistake about it.
come, steerforth, lets explore the polar regions, and have it over.
we were the admiration of mrs. gummidge and peggotty, who used to whisper of an evening when we sat, lovingly, on our little locker side by side, lor!
now it is rich with oil and cultivation, and the whites coveted our possessions.
rely upon the patriotic jury, dear citizeness.
he had made a fool of himself, but he could not help it now--all he could do was to see that it did not happen again.
since there are many white things, the resemblance must hold between many pairs of particular white things; and this is the characteristic of a universal.
he is going to pay the forfeit: it will be paid in five minutes more.
why should we leave it to harper & brothers and redding & co. to select our reading?
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
a wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
i found, now i had leisure to count them, that there were no fewer than six little pockets present, in various stages of tumbling up.
he regarded me with a look of affection that made him almost abhorrent to me again, though i had felt great pity for him.
we were at newgate in a few minutes, and we passed through the lodge where some fetters were hanging up on the bare walls among the prison rules, into the interior of the jail.
to undertake the huge task of organizing these thousands of st. louis women would require not only vision but time and energy.
it is an example of what happens when a hack reviewer's work in local journals is collected into a volume because he turns out to be a genius.
[c] o henry's stories have been known to coincide with earlier work in a fashion which dims the novelty of the tale without clouding the originality of the author.
it is because they are less in volume, and because the water does not fall so much into one place.
the virtues of a superior man are like the wind; the virtues of a common man are like the grass; the grass, when the wind passes over it, bends.
the place had an odor for which there are no polite words; and it was sprinkled over with children, who raked in it from dawn till dark.
i got my customers by newspaper advertising--almost exclusively.
understanding words does not consist in knowing their dictionary definitions, or in being able to specify the objects to which they are appropriate.
indeed, to us, they are not really luxuries.
lying between the earth and the heavens, it partakes of the color of both.
detestation of the high is the involuntary homage of the low.
a carriage will have to be sent for, estella.
she is a lady solicitor; but i don't know how she came to be talking to the bolshevik.
these wash back and forth in shallow water on a sandy bottom, and are sometimes cast on the shore.
she drew an arm round my neck, and drew my head close down to hers as she sat in the chair.
it is no dream of mine, to ornament a line; i cannot come nearer to god and heaven than i live to walden even.
some of mrs. tupper's neighbors were inclined to joke at first at her appetite for bulletins, her belief in experts, and her rigid insistence on pure-bred stock and poultry.
hence, once more, the value of philosophy must not depend upon any supposed body of definitely ascertainable knowledge to be acquired by those who study it.
as we spun round the circle, she leaned inward like a cyclist against the centrifugal pull.
we stole through the dark passages, and through the dark streets, and down into our tunnel.
we have discarded the fixed costumes of our forefathers; every one must still dress like other people, but the fashion may change once or twice a year.
she left me agnes, two weeks old; and the grey hair that you recollect me with, when you first came.
if there were nothing new to be done, would human intellect cease to be necessary?
in truth, the sight of the senator almost brought the tears into jurgis's eyes.
he soon affected to ignore philosophy and often relegated it to the science of legislation, where within narrow limits it might still be possible to think of creating.
for some reason the cost of fodder for cattle in the yards was much above the market price--and you were not allowed to bring your own fodder!
you put that in a parlour window, said traddles, falling a little back from it to survey it with the greater admiration, with a plant in it, and--and there you are!
or perhaps manchuria is too far away for you--come home with me then, come here to chicago.
but at least once daily there would be a road breakdown.
this sort of gingerbread is baked daily and more sedulously than pure wheat or rye-and-indian in almost every oven, and finds a surer market.
only one priest was there when the mosquito man visited the place to ask for a subscription.
i think you said sixteen hundred and forty-nine?
work, jacques one, jacques two, jacques one thousand, jacques two thousand, jacques five-and-twenty thousand; in the name of all the angels or the devils--which you prefer--work!
and, being of a practical turn of mind, she risked her own christmas dinner by staying to see that the poor folks actually got it all.
it was in one of these melees that jurgis fell into his trap.
to whom i imparted how my uncle had come in the night and was then asleep, and how the breakfast preparations were to be modified accordingly.
in the spring we celebrated max's second respectable rise in salary by dropping out of the country club.
solid bodies, when they break, break into parts which are practically the same in shape and size as they were before.
when one does anything anew, after so many years, one fears very much for one's trick or habit.
all was subdued and quiet, and lucie was more at ease than she had been.
it is of even greater value to find out by careful reading of the entire contents of several numbers of a periodical, the exact point of view from which the material is treated.
these vigorous measures struck such terror to the breast of mrs. crupp, that she subsided into her own kitchen, under the impression that my aunt was mad.
a moody smile that had overspread his features cleared off as he said this merrily, and he was his own frank, winning self again.
the amount of machinery that seems to be required for using the controlling purpose may appear too much for practical purposes in one short lifetime.
if your questions are formless, if you really do not know what you want, sit down on the steps and think it over until you do, and then enter boldly and politely ask for information.
i shook my head, and said i thought not.
but those who find in these facts a recommendation of intuition ought to return to running wild in the woods, dyeing themselves with woad and living on hips and haws.
and when we hear a remark spoken, we are conscious of the earlier words while the later ones are being uttered, and this retention feels different from recollection of something definitely past.
dismal enough in the dark, he said: and the sea roars as if it were hungry for us.
an age might be fixed at which every child must be examined, to ascertain if he (or she) is able to read.
now, perhaps youll mention whats the matter, said my sister, out of breath, you staring great stuck pig.
this analysis accounted for him perfectly.
we shook hands for the hundredth time at least, and he ordered a young carter out of my way with the greatest indignation.
his school mates and the faculty made much of him, but the headmaster wisely kept him from being spoiled by insisting that he go on with his work.
i have found repeatedly, of late years, that i cannot fish without falling a little in self-respect.
on the other hand, the idea of creation is significantly absent.
he looked bored, and i remembered that the pictures in the magazine showed the wearers of the careful costumes for rink and pond skating as having rather blank eyes that looked illimitably bored.
the truth is that we reject not what it is impossible to prove, or even what it is possible to disprove, but what it is impossible to imagine.
but although, in this case, there is a physical cause for the sense-data, there is not a physical object corresponding to the sense-data in the way in which an actual naval battle would correspond.)
he and the two women spent all day and half the night discussing it.
but if there is no question of morality involved, the argument and the action are simply so much brute force; and that, we say, is what captain mahan's doctrine logically comes to.
at length little jane, perceiving its young brains to be imperilled, softly left her place, and with many small artifices coaxed the dangerous weapon away.
when herbert had been down to hammersmith and seen his father, he came back to me at our chambers, and devoted the day to attending on me.
i strolled into the country for an hour or so, and then returned by the main street, which in the interval had shaken off its last nights sleep.
i cannot express how extremely delighted they both were, by the idea of my aunts being in difficulties; and how comfortable and friendly it made them.
i thought it was the office reeling, and not i, as one of the clerks caught hold of me.
without interchanging a word they went slowly out of the room together, uriah looking after them.
it is clear, in the first place, that there can be no datum apart from a belief.
it is especially sensation, i think, which is considered by those realists who retain only the object.
he cried, laughing, after doing it again, the burnt child dreads the fire!
but, there were other echoes, from a distance, that rumbled menacingly in the corner all through this space of time.
in the morning, however, he was up and out nearly an hour before the usual time.
the altercation was conducted in a low tone of voice, and terminated in the honest tradesman's kicking off his clay-soiled boots, and lying down at his length on the floor.
the apparatus is under the direct control of the miner all the time.
it was mid-summer weather, and the evening was very pleasant.
it may be, with others, i returned, but i do assure you it is not with me.
i found no entry, but every few months i would again rummage that stout red volume with the same intention, forgetting that i had done so before without success.
i am willing to leave it to the majority.
if anybody, of whatsoever degree, said a word that he didnt approve of, he instantly required to have it taken down.
for primitive man, surrounded by what seem vengeful and capricious powers of nature, is in continual fear of giving offence to these powers and thus bringing down their wrath upon himself and his fellows.
it was dear of them all the same, however, and i would not seem ungrateful for their kind consideration.
i was an involuntary spectator and auditor of whatever was done and said in the kitchen of the adjacent village-inna wholly new and rare experience to me.
betimes in the morning i was up and out.
but whatever they may do when they get in, there is one thing they will not do, and that will be the thing for which they were elected!
he found the doctor reading in his arm-chair at a window.
in its small proportions, it was not unlike the kind of place usually assigned to a gate-porter in paris.
it is true, i fear that others may have fallen into it, and so helped to keep it open.
that is what i mean to tell you, sir, said mr. lorry.
even, however, if it were true in all cases, it would only slightly shift our problem: we should now have to ask what causes an image of the box to arise.
that was the way the girls sized up mike ryan.
only then he would be a clergyman, and i have decided that he is mr. philip gibbs at the age of twenty.
half the year it would be dark as night when he went in to work, and dark as night again when he came out, and so he would never know what the sun looked like on weekdays.
if it comes to that, i said, pray take my bed, and ill lie down before the fire.
i put out my hand, and mr. wemmick at first looked at it as if he thought i wanted something.
david, said mr. murdstone, to the young this is a world for action; not for moping and droning in.
he would count as one head, observed jacques three, in a low voice.
my first care was to close the shutters, so that no light might be seen from without, and then to close and make fast the doors.
it is possible that, with fuller knowledge, it will be found to be no more ultimate than the distinction between the laws of gases and the laws of rigid bodies.
the space of sight is quite different from the space of touch: it is only by experience in infancy that we learn to correlate them.
there aint a child in yarmouth that doent know him.
you have been useful all your life; steadily and constantly occupied; trusted, respected, and looked up to?
so far all goes well with us--much, much better than it has of late gone with many poor souls.
she knew how trial and emotion would exalt and strengthen it.
it was the rush and roar of rain that he typified, and it stopped him, for no voice could be heard in it.
are you rewarded, now, for your years of trouble?
gorevan or scrapi--huge medallions, strong reds and blues.
in that case the article would have to be published without the writer's name, since the personal experiences that it records are not his own.
butler, having transferred his faith to the bank of england, diverted himself like a street arab with a slingshot by peppering the church windows.
but they sat dumb, gazing back at him, panic-stricken; and a second later came another piercing scream.
foulon who told the starving people they might eat grass!
the poet today, notwithstanding all the discoveries of science, and the accumulated learning of mankind, enjoys no advantage over homer.
that, it was certain the prisoner had, for longer than that, been in the habit of passing and repassing between france and england, on secret business of which he could give no honest account.
i have observed his face to be not the face of a true friend of the republic.
her husband's destiny, said madame defarge, with her usual composure, will take him where he is to go, and will lead him to the end that is to end him.
the intervening air alters colours unless it is perfectly clear, and any strong reflection will alter them completely.
hurt his feelings, and lost him his situation.
oh monsieur heretofore the marquis, i pray you be you true to me!
what would come when they gave out he could not tell; there had been no saving anything--a man could barely keep alive by twelve or fourteen hours' work a day.
mr. pocket took me into the house and showed me my room: which was a pleasant one, and so furnished as that i could use it with comfort for my own private sitting-room.
and why, do you suppose, above all things, pip, she left that cool four thousand unto him?
but, indeed, i am in a most enviable state.
and in forcing the critic to examine his standards to determine their fairness and soundness it makes against hasty judgment.
will it be the task of your masters, do you think--will they write the charter of your liberties?
the observable fact is that, when a certain complex of stimuli has originally caused a certain complex of reactions, the recurrence of part of the stimuli tends to cause the recurrence of the whole of the reactions.
and she kissed me beforehand, in grateful acknowledgement of my hospitality.
i wish mr. micawber, if i make myself understood, said mrs. micawber, in her argumentative tone, to be the caesar of his own fortunes.
not so sure of the identity of the higher course of action as he is of his consecrating dispositions, he feels that he may make heaven again, out of sundries, as he goes.
but when we come to asymmetrical relations, such as before and after, greater and less, etc., the attempt to reduce them to properties becomes obviously impossible.
i have also been greatly assisted by mr d.s.
but they sought an absolute harmonizing rather than a working compromise for the time and place.
all this looked tolerably expensive, i thought, and gave me an agreeable notion of a proctors business.
these teach that things are right because they are right; because we feel them to be so.
she was pleading with him, in broken phrases, painfully uttered: have faith in me!
and the old woman answered him weakly: it's antanas.
you will be going early in the morning, trotwood!
however, said joe, rising to replenish the fire; heres the dutch-clock a working himself up to being equal to strike eight of em, and shes not come home yet!
when its all gone, you can believe, and trust, and love again, you know!
so to speak, there was in these respects a curious inattention in my mind.
as he did so, a small case in which the doctor was accustomed to carry the lists of his day's duties, fell lightly on the floor.
but there are those who doubt their benefits, even the financial ones, for the teachers, who mortgage their vacations to conduct them.
it was not for his friend to abate that confidence.
mrs. knefler's friends finally stopped remonstrating with her.
the family could take her word as to the trouble they would have, for she had been through it all--she and her son had bought their house in exactly the same way.
i saw, however, that she was uneasy, and i let it pass.
in the main, therefore, and without absolute dogmatism as to this or that special portion, we may accept this mass of common knowledge as affording data for our philosophical analysis.
but you will be at blunderstone again tomorrow, mr. barkis, i said, faltering a little at the idea of my being far away from it then, and could give your own message so much better.
she admires a flower (pink camellia japonica, price half-a-crown), in my button-hole.
i am not speaking of judgements as to what is useful or as to what is virtuous, for such judgements do require empirical premisses; i am speaking of judgements as to the intrinsic desirability of things.
mr. littimer bent his head, as much as to say, indeed, sir?
festoons of onions are being suspended from rails.
means of communication the subway, surface lines, and railways is another subject of instruction.
from what grade would you select examples for a similar paragraph if you intended the creation of despair as your controlling purpose?
mrs. strong had declined to play, on the ground of not feeling very well; and her cousin maldon had excused himself because he had some packing to do.
liberty, as a principle, has no application to any state of things anterior to the time when mankind have become capable of being improved by free and equal discussion.
the problem really is: can the existence of anything other than our own hard data be inferred from the existence of those data?
they are filed alphabetically by name.
in the narrow newspaper column, there is room for only five or six words to a line.
its not because i have the least pride, copperfield, you understand, said traddles, that i dont usually give my address here.
as the high watery walls came rolling in, and, at their highest, tumbled into surf, they looked as if the least would engulf the town.
i was obliged to admit that i did know it for a certainty, and i said to myself, pip, what a fool you are!
and he was interested in the house because it was to be ona's home.
and, for purposes of insignificant conversation, there is no reason why we should not.
to wish her dead, said i, may be the kindest wish that one of her own sex could bestow upon her.
narrative beginnings that consist of concrete examples and specific instances are popular for expository articles.
its a poor wurem, masr davy, said ham, as is trod under foot by all the town.
the first infinite number is, in fact, beyond the whole unending series of finite numbers.
it was too dark in these storage places to see well, but a man could run his hand over these piles of meat and sweep off handfuls of the dried dung of rats.
i was pleased to see my work rising so square and solid by degrees, and reflected, that, if it proceeded slowly, it was calculated to endure a long time.
she was up in my study, peggotty said: which it was her pride to keep in readiness and order for me.
i foresaw what was coming, and i felt that this time i really was gone.
corn, my boy, for fodder; corn for fodder.
and whats the best of all, he said, youve been more comfortable alonger me, since i was under a dark cloud, than when the sun shone.
i found the fire burning clear enough in my room by this time, and the curtains drawn before the windows and round the bed, giving it a very snug appearance.
if it is assumed that the first infinite number is reached by a succession of small steps, it is easy to show that it is self-contradictory.
by these conditions i promised to abide.
as if the main object were to talk fast and not to talk sensibly.
i only wanted you to know that i am doing very well in my apprenticeship, and am always much obliged to you.
the faintness of the voice was pitiable and dreadful.
it should take care to show that, in the form in which they are finally set forth, our instinctive beliefs do not clash, but form a harmonious system.
it is quite probable that there is such a difference in the brain, but its nature is unknown and it remains hypothetical.
gentleman's valise and hot water to concord.
discomfort, on the other hand, is that feeling-tone which is directly opposed to pleasure.
i thought her in a different style from my mother, certainly; but of another school of beauty, i considered her a perfect example.
in every one of these cases the quality under definition is presented in an easily grasped, concrete form that has the great advantage of human interest, of stimulating the reader's thought.
i will try to explain what seem to me to be the reasons for and against various kinds of realism.
few of them have had any counsel, or any valuable counsel from their parents or others.
he takes pains to tell us that his own grandfather was never married.
it is this physical space which is dealt with in geometry and assumed in physics and astronomy.
perhaps she fell in love with her second husband, mr. dick suggested.
but the pact does not derive its efficacy from the inherent moral force of a promise as such or the nature of man as a moral creature which holds him to promises.
two of the most enthusiastic girls in the women's trade union league stopped before the group silhouetted in the gaslight at no.
the course would be worth a great deal in results to any community.
i think that i may warrant you one worm to every three sods you turn up, if you look well in among the roots of the grass, as if you were weeding.
theres nothing i should like better, but i must remain with these two fellows.
the rising and falling of such power, its hesitations, its renewed violence, its fatigue and final repose--all these are symbols of a mind; but more than all the rest, its exultation!
in this case the question leads to my setting to work to recollect.
a quick glance of her eye towards the spot where steerforth was walking, with his mother leaning on his arm, showed me whom she meant; but beyond that, i was quite lost.
to obtain the necessary material, he decided to attend the exercises and to interview both the principal of the school and the head of the factory.
which i fully believed it were, pip, said joe, slightly tossing his head, though it signify little now, sir.
i looked at wemmick, whose face was very grave.
in all these qualities an ideal tennis court would be satisfactory; the question is, is this one.
but he should patronize only that paper whose columns provide a classification especially for farm and food products.
no one will claim a buccaneering hero for an indiffrent, however.
quite, masr davy, he returned; and told emly.
if this had been a jest, it would have been a little coarse for a deathbed.
because it is arbitrary, because it has rules, it needs to be taught.
if i station myself at one point, i can soon make reasonable estimates, but so long as i whirl from point to point my estimate must whirl likewise and i shall be confused rather than helped.
--'ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?'
in other words, a more subtle fiction does for the maturity of law what is done for the strict law by its relatively crude procedural fictions.
he stands there, the only reality in an invented world, among imaginary things, happenings, and people.
but there was no little emly to be seen, so i asked mr. peggotty where she was.
i had gone down to the woods for other purposes.
these propositions, it will be seen, begin to have the appearance of the propositions in logical text-books.
in style all the graces, all the lightness, the daintiness, the neatness that he can command the author uses.
i acceded to this the more readily, because i now reproached myself with having treated her former letter rather lightly.
the same thing happens in tuning a musical instrument, or in any other case where there is a continuous gradation.
so she took her pigs, said my aunt, to a foreign market; and a very bad market it turned out to be.
from this time may usually be dated the decline in the living power of the doctrine.
also in roman law the old action for partition is called the action for partitioning the household.
despite her age, she begged for a long time to be permitted to enter the school, but there were so many young girls who desired to learn that they were given the preference.
i kep it from her arter i heerd on t, said mr. peggotty, going on nigh a year.
these conferences have worked out a unified plan for road development, for instance.
i have known him, on reading something in the newspaper that might apply to her, take up his stick, and go forth on a journey of three--or four-score miles.
there is a different type of human excellence from the calvinistic; a conception of humanity as having its nature bestowed on it for other purposes than merely to be abnegated.
he died the night before we went to canterbury?
this statement will do at least to set against buffons account of this part of the world and its productions.
i ought to have left janet at home, instead, and then my mind might perhaps have been at ease.
in spite of her duties in the poultry house and apiary, mrs. tupper serves appetizing meals.
nobody repairs it, for nobody wears it; it is a living way, as the christians say.
this is particularly true of writers who are able effectively to popularize scientific and technical material, as well as of those who can present in popular form the results of social and economic investigations.
i was robbed at first setting out, and have walked all the way, and have never slept in a bed since i began the journey.
think of her bringing-up, and think of miss havisham.
you wouldnt have took it up so, if it hadnt been for the wine.
and now to-night my flute has waked the echoes over that very water.
but my opponent sets high value upon her stately bishop.
if mr. mell looked homely, in my eyes, before the handsome boy, it would be quite impossible to say how homely mr. creakle looked.
we felt the cords of our neck grow tight as our head rose higher to look upon the faces of the council, and we were happy.
raising his great hands until they touched his chin, he rubbed them softly, and softly chuckled; looking as like a malevolent baboon, i thought, as anything human could look.
now the range in which our opinions, our criticisms, may be expressed, is as wide as human thought and accomplishment.
if you should ever be betrayed into any of these philanthropies, do not let your left hand know what your right hand does, for it is not worth knowing.
he was obliged to run hard to keep his blood moving at all--and then he came back to the station house and found a crowd blocking the street before the door!
groups of kinsmen cease to be the fundamental social units.
he doesn't know me, and is making shoes!
also it first made clear how much the task of the lawmaker is one of compromise.
why, mr. micawber has entered the transactions--he calls them transactions--with great form, in a book, rejoined traddles, smiling; and he makes the amount a hundred and three pounds, five.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
thus, an obituary should always close on a note of regretful quotation: he lived in affluence and died in great pain.
her mother died when she was a baby, and her father denied her nothing.
the text of his order (altered from the original by only a pronoun, which is not much) ran: the earth and the fulness thereof are mine, saith monseigneur.
thus probability is all we ought to seek.
you seem to know this quarter well; that is to say, better than i do?
the first is stronger than destiny, because he takes life less profoundly; the second is less strong, because he has dared to measure himself against deeper sorrows....
the clear red and white of her complexion was not so blooming and flower-like as usual, i thought, when she turned round; but she looked very pretty, wonderfully pretty.
but as a matter of fact he won't be killed.
what we wanted was action--striking, climatic, catastrophic action, in which things not only happened, but happened suddenly and all in a lump.
the penitential den once set apart for interviews with the house, was now the news-exchange, and was filled to overflowing.
i have an affection for the road yet (though it is not so pleasant a road as it was then), formed in the impressibility of untried youth and hope.
the one space may turn out to be valid as a logical construction, compounded of the several spaces, but there is no good reason to assume its independent metaphysical reality.
there he will get little harm, and, in the first at least, some good.
traddles came to my assistance with a confirmatory murmur.
he greeted me with a cheerful smile on my opening my eyes, and said, as being the last time, pip, i thought id foller.
when he is standing at the door of his train under the pennsylvania terminal, in new york, he recognizes the feet as they come poking down the long stairs from the concourse.
special feature articles furnish the best means of giving this practical guidance.
i know of many systems of religion esteemed heathenish whose precepts fill the reader with shame, and provoke him to new endeavors, though it be to the performance of rites merely.
this does not mean that you should write spinelessly--not in the least; it means only that you should be an artist rather than a blind reformer.
he studied much, slept little, sustained a great deal of fatigue with ease, and was equably cheerful.
physicists distinguish between macroscopic and microscopic equations: the former determine the visible movements of bodies of ordinary size, the latter the minute occurrences in the smallest parts.
when i cant meet his daughter, i go where i am likely to meet him.
the land that was promised us by solemn treaty, 'so long as the grass should grow and the waters run,' has been taken from us.
through this wound a mans real manhood and immortality flow out, and he bleeds to an everlasting death.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
in civil-law countries the interest of the promisee, and thus the social interest in the security of transactions, is well secured.
she looked up at him, out of her agony; then she fell forward at his feet.
you consider it, undoubtedly, a handsome sum of money.
so we went back, and they wanted dora to sing.
as we went along, partly to hold him in conversation, and partly to satisfy myself, i asked him about ham.
then, she put on her gloves again, and we drew round the fire, and wemmick said, now, aged parent, tip us the paper.
the next time she would know her place, as the forelady expressed it; and so marija went out, and the family faced the problem of an existence again.
he touched it once more, wishing us a good journey; and we left him standing on the pavement, as respectable a mystery as any pyramid in egypt.
it must be something that the man was saying, up there on the platform.
always at last comes contentment of soul, though it be our king that dies.
he will be taught to say i and to bear the pride of it.
if i may so express it, i was steeped in dora.
soldiers with lanterns, at the guard-house there.
i do not quite understand, returned the uncle, sipping his coffee.
the rate and the time of payment for contributions are also worth recording.
it was jurgis's vain hope that here the proprietor would let him remain as a sitter.
barkis and myself had quite a gossip while you were out with dick.
twice she snapped up her boy on a casual remark.
you wouldn't put yourself in opposition to the interests of your husband and child, would you?
but, i saw nothing that in the least explained him.
we should not have been much discomposed, i dare say, by the appearance of steerforth himself, but we became in a moment the meekest of the meek before his respectable serving-man.
it was all so very businesslike that one watched it fascinated.
on every side they were engaged in deadly combat, yet without any noise that i could hear, and human soldiers never fought so resolutely.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
the beliefs which we have most warrant for, have no safeguard to rest on, but a standing invitation to the whole world to prove them unfounded.
if this racial localism is not essential to the greatness of early literatures, it is inseparable from them; we find it there.
the legislator was to be guided by a principle of utility.
the approximate uniformities which lead to its pre-scientific employment may turn out to be true in all but very rare and exceptional circumstances, perhaps in all circumstances that actually occur.
his words are wisdom to those legislators who contemplate no essential reform in the existing government; but for thinkers, and those who legislate for all time, he never once glances at the subject.
as we began to be more used to one another, miss havisham talked more to me, and asked me such questions as what had i learnt and what was i going to be?
may i now venture to confide to mr. t. the purport of my letter?
when doctor manette was released, you, his old domestic, had the charge of him, i know.
even those who seem for a long while not to have any, if you inquire more narrowly you will find have some stored in somebodys barn.
my knowledge of the table as a physical object, on the contrary, is not direct knowledge.
is the title attractive, accurate, concise, and concrete?
to do that would mean, not merely to be defeated, but to acknowledge defeat--and the difference between these two things is what keeps the world going.
it was a dressing-room, as i supposed from the furniture, though much of it was of forms and uses then quite unknown to me.
as the gloves were white kid gloves, and as the post-office was widened to its utmost extent, i now began to have my strong suspicions.
he steadied himself by the door-sill; and jadvyga in her anxiety--for she was fond of ona--opened the door wide, holding her jacket across her throat.
for any one who aspires to write, reporting has several distinct advantages and some dangers.
as he ascended the last stair or two, and the light of my lamp included us both, i saw, with a stupid kind of amazement, that he was holding out both his hands to me.
he showed them voelter's patent grants and pictures of the grinders.
peano and frege, who pointed out the error, did so for technical reasons, and applied their logic mainly to technical developments; but the philosophical importance of the advance which they made is impossible to exaggerate.
thirty thousand of these pieces he handled every day, nine or ten million every year--how many in a lifetime it rested with the gods to say.
when the day broke, it blew harder and harder.
the natural equality becomes an equality in freedom of will.
a recollection is aroused by something which is happening now, but is different from the effect which the present occurrence would have produced if the recollected event had not occurred.
if the danger had been fifty times as great, i should ha come to see you, mind you, just the same.
once he got a chance to load a truck for half a day, and again he carried an old woman's valise and was given a quarter.
as to you, said she, you would shout and shed tears for anything, if it made a show and a noise.
they had said little, though they had been there a long time.
in result, she is not perfect--the english would perhaps least of all assert that--but she has learned a great deal and held herself steady while she learned it.
bricks and mortar are more like a ladys hand!
you von't find nobody go out on a rainy day like dis for less.
it was characteristic of this lady (as of some other people before her time and since) that whenever her original proposition was questioned, she exaggerated it.
the pullman company passes by the west indians--the type so familiar to every man who has ridden many times in the elevators of the apartment houses of upper new york.
i mean, not a long time on the journey; a long time intending the journey.
she started from my side, and ran along a jagged timber which protruded from the place we stood upon, and overhung the deep water at some height, without the least defence.
all his fellows stooped to look under the carriage.
i only say, with all my guilt and wretchedness upon my head, that i am grateful to her from my soul, and love her.
a belief may pass from either of these classes into the other, and may therefore become, or cease to be, a belief giving a datum.
a squareness about the lower part of his face, and the dotted indication of the strong black beard he shaved close every day, reminded me of the wax-work that had travelled into our neighbourhood some half-a-year before.
we want to know more about the men and women who figure in the day's news, and even about interesting persons whose success has not been great enough to be heralded in the press.
whether it lasted for a year, or more, or less, i do not know.
he had been asked if he came on business, and had answered no; he had come for the pleasure of seeing me, and had come a long way.
a trained psychologist is, of course, supposed to have acquired the habit of observation, but he is at least equally likely to have acquired a habit of seeing what his theories require.
they are even to be found in plants, as sir francis darwin pointed out (cf.
in truth, it was almost maddening for a strong man like him, a fighter, to have to lie there helpless on his back.
both place and time were changed, and i dwelt nearer to those parts of the universe and to those eras in history which had most attracted me.
real doubt, in these two cases, would, i think, be pathological.
we are in great haste to construct a magnetic telegraph from maine to texas; but maine and texas, it may be, have nothing important to communicate.
quite an untaught genius, i made the discovery of the line of action for myself.
we walked again, for a while, in silence.
what should we think of the shepherds life if his flocks always wandered to higher pastures than his thoughts?
there, peggotty, said my mother, changing her tone, dont let us fall out with one another, for i couldnt bear it.
mr. dick is wild with joy, and my aunt remits me a guinea by the next post.
if it is not true, so much the worthier you.
i entreat mr. traddles to bear with me in entering into these details.
now and then he cried aloud for a drink of water, but there was no one to hear him.
if i believe that caesar landed in britain in b.c.
i am driven out of it, i come here, and in a moment i feel an altered person.
i judged him to be about my own age, but he was much taller, and he had a way of spinning himself about that was full of appearance.
shes just the person as would put my agnes up to higher sort of game.
he was to come away in an hour or two to attend me to hammersmith, and i was to wait about for him.
the steamer for hamburg and the steamer for rotterdam would start from london at about nine on thursday morning.
there ought to have been some guardian, or such-like, whiles you was a minor.
ants appear to be able to communicate a certain amount of information by means of their antennae.
i have no home, said jurgis, i am out of work.
said mr. chillip, surveying me with his head on one side.
but i have since learned that trade curses everything it handles; and though you trade in messages from heaven, the whole curse of trade attaches to the business.
he took his hand from hers, and turned that wrist up on the table.
he may not deserve it, for we know no certain ill of him.
i should like to know how you speed; though, mind!
philosophy should show us the hierarchy of our instinctive beliefs, beginning with those we hold most strongly, and presenting each as much isolated and as free from irrelevant additions as possible.
you were always a puppy with a proud stomach, from your first coming here; and you envy me my rise, do you?
in mid-winter the middle had been the warmest and the ice thinnest there.
hence the relation 'north of' is radically different from such things.
but they have been the means also, at times, of intrenching the rules they sought to explain and of fastening on the law doctrines of which it were better rid.
an instant later he leaped at her, as she lay groveling at his feet.
here i sit at the desk again, on a drowsy summer afternoon.
she said, smiting her small knees, and rising, this is not business.
said he, folding his arms again, old orlicks a going to tell you somethink.
every editor aims to present the contents of his publication in the way that will make the strongest appeal to his readers.
my heart leaped with a new hope of pleasure.
it was all in one great room, like a circus amphitheater, with a gallery for visitors running over the center.
how could he help listening with wonder while the other told of midnight ventures and perilous escapes, of feastings and orgies, of fortunes squandered in a night?
from that time, miss murdstone kept the keys in her own little jail all day, and under her pillow all night, and my mother had no more to do with them than i had.
joe mentioned it now, and the strange man called him by it.
i used only the sunday issues, because i believe the sunday issues are most thoroughly read.
and tapping at the wall, by way of applause.
he put her gently from him, and looked at her unconscious mother.
it is obviously unnecessary to have an individual acquaintance with the whole human race in order to understand what our proposition means.
as i knew she would only speak in her own good time, i sat down near her, and spoke to the birds, and played with the cat, and was as easy as i could be.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
i went straight to the agricultural college and the state poultry experiment station for instructions.
what espionage of despotism comes to your door so effectually as the eye of the man who lives at your door?
what is believed, however true it may be, is not the actual fact that makes the belief true, but a present event related to the fact.
i could tell her nothing but that there was such a sister; beyond that, i knew nothing.
i had not mistaken the expression of his face.
i feel it, sir, i assure you, i returned.
but, the rotterdam steamer now came up, and apparently not understanding what had happened, came on at speed.
it did not appear quite so unlikely to me that evening, as it would have done if we had discussed it a few hours before.
it is impossible in many instances to know from the introduction whether what follows is to be a short story or a special article.
she came, but with no sympathy or gentleness.
it is well, therefore, to choose a relatively small class to begin with.
i intimated that i hoped i should be what she described.
there is a staff of instructors, all from well-known universities, and a master farmer to impart the practical everyday process of managing fields and orchards.
defarge spoke, always looking straight before him.
i believe i have been very much to blame.
the third size, costing six cents each, will hold two large chickens, three medium-sized ones, or four small ones.
how would the choice of material have differed had the author desired an opposite effect?
he was quite incapable of any compassionate feeling about the boy, or about his fate.
such are the best teachers; a dogma learned is only a new errorthe old one was perhaps as good; but a spirit communicated is a perpetual possession.
if it is appreciative, has it any of the value that we commonly attribute to criticism by standards?
he is the most friendly and amenable creature in existence; and as for advice!--but nobody knows what that mans mind is, except myself.
soon after you left this morning, said elzbieta.
when it becomes due, it will not be taken up.
the second part consists of certain supremely general propositions, which assert the truth of all propositions of certain forms.
o. henry, fortunate in plots, is peculiarly fortunate in his renunciation of plot.
ona was fairly dancing, and she and cousin marija took jurgis by the arm and escorted him from room to room, sitting in each chair by turns, and then insisting that he should do the same.
i know that if a shilling were given me by mr. quinion at any time, i spent it in a dinner or a tea.
you are part of my existence, part of myself.
i also heard that you at your chambers in garden court, temple, had been watched, and might be watched again.
now, you know, copperfield, if i was lord chancellor, we couldnt do this!
theres a friend, if you talk of friends!
thus the logic of the writing is impaired, for details are included which should not enter, and others are excluded which ought to be welcomed, and proportions are bad.
said he, in a croaking whisper, as he hung by the iron on the roof, i thought youd be glad to hear before you went off, that there are no squares broke between us.
he forgot the butter in bed, got up from the bedside, and wiped his fingers on the tablecloth, exclaiming, lord bless my soul!
instants may also be defined by means of the enclosure-relation, exactly as was done in the case of points.
the suggestion we are to examine is that such: beliefs have some recognizable quality which secures their truth, and the truth of whatever is deduced from them according to self-evident principles of inference.
with respect to the principle of possession they stand alike.
a life-thirsting, cannibal-looking, bloody-minded juryman, the jacques three of st. antoine.
all very right indeed, said my aunt, encouragingly.
traddles was very full of it; and said, that, picturing himself with such a home, and sophy waiting and preparing for him, he could think of nothing wanting to complete his bliss.
by a sheer effort of reason the jurist could work out a complete system of deductions from the nature of man and formulate them in a perfect code.
i was troubled by no doubt of her being very pretty, in any case; but it fell out that i had never seen her look so well.
nobody could have thought of putting him in a livery, he was so highly respectable.
would you believe he tried to do without me--in the life-guards, too?
the two ends of life, infancy and age, are indulged in their little fancies.
he pushed me hastily into the open air, and closed the door upon us.
we doent say so, but so twill be, and better so.
everything that arose before his mind drifted him on, faster and faster, more and more steadily, to the terrible attraction.
she has not sentimentalized over her work; she has not made it smack of charity.
but the difficulty of writing such criticism well should make you exert yourself to the utmost to acquire skill before you attempt this form.
occasionally i climbed and shook the trees.
why, then, it may be said, should the subject be regarded as philosophy rather than as mathematics?
fruit farming (limited to one kind of fruit).
then he went again; and gave the name of johann schmidt, and a third time, and give the name of serge reminitsky.
what did the two then, to persuade her husband to use his influence with her, to make her willing?'
ill tell you what i am, whispered mr. creakle, letting it go at last, with a screw at parting that brought the water into my eyes.
or, what would suit my character and disposition?
is it to be wondered at if my thoughts were dazed, as my eyes were, when i came out into the natural light from the misty yellow rooms?
then they'd treat me better--hic--hole me up, ole sport!
every living creature there held life as of no account, and was demented with a passionate readiness to sacrifice it.
these are all very firm fish, and weigh more than their size promises.
this course gives a girl a general knowledge of her duties and what is even more important she acquires the right mental attitude toward her work.
mr. micawber, genteelly adjusting his chin in his cravat, presently proceeded with his composition.
now to reach the dull fellows who hadn't seen the cards and the huge posters, who use their eyes only to avoid obstacles.
as it chanced, he had been hurt on a monday, and had just paid for his last week's board and his room rent, and spent nearly all the balance of his saturday's pay.
[illustration] i think i shall trade, also, said he, putting his thumbs in his waist-coat pockets, to the west indies, for sugar, tobacco, and rum.
he came round at the appointed time, took out his jackknife, and sat down to his meal.
it refers to the second obligation, which is not yet due.
who began it, or how fair it was, or how unfair, may be doubtful; but how it ended is certainly not doubtful, for the victim was found throttled.
the subjects or dependants of tribes whose forefathers wandered in the forests when theirs had magnificent palaces and gorgeous temples, but over whom custom exercised only a divided rule with liberty and progress.
she is a little girl, in a spencer, with a round face and curly flaxen hair.
and then there was the strike, with seventy thousand men and women all over the country idle for a couple of months--twenty thousand in chicago, and many of them now seeking work throughout the city.
she made signs to me that she wanted him to sit down close to her, and wanted me to put her arms round his neck.
but are they not indeed distinguished who are conscious that they are regarded at all?
the next time the novelist rings the bell i will not stir though the meeting-house burn down.
i was returning from france a few days afterwards, and, at calais, the prisoner came on board the packet-ship in which i returned, and made the voyage with me.
but the problem over which he agonizes is the inner problem.
there were his packingtown experiences, for instance--what was there about packingtown that ostrinski could not explain!
after a year, the difference in ability between the men who had been doing nothing but sentry duty, under no strain of responsibility, and the man who had been commanding the army would have been enormous.
there is always a certain meanness in the argument of conservatism, joined with a certain superiority in its fact.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
they are acquainted with the woods only from the top side, and from the air above; they recognize home only by landmarks here, and in every instance they rise aloft to take their bearings.
i reminded her where she had come out of the house and given me my meat and drink, and she said, i dont remember.
surely the shadow on the dial has moved around it, the good time has come, and the accumulated interest of my years shall be mine to spend.
according to this theory an abstract promise, no equivalent having been given for it, is not naturally and hence is not legally binding.
but after a little while i seemed to have the whole flats to myself.
stability was to be secured by rigidly keeping everyone to his trade or calling and his descendants were to follow him therein.
i have cast up the years of her age, year after year.
but it is easiest, as they who work on the highways know, to find the hollows by the puddles after a shower.
when they had ascended forty steps (the prisoner of half an hour already counted them), the gaoler opened a low black door, and they passed into a solitary cell.
mr. balcom, a promising young architect, designs it on the back of his vitruvius, with hard pencil and ruler, and the job is let out to dobson & sons, stonecutters.
such was the conception of thomas aquinas, which had great currency down to the seventeenth century and has had much influence ever since.
yonder, said i, pointing; over there, where i found him nodding asleep, and thought it was you.
i suppose you will be glad of variety and admiration?
you are the fellow we want, said defarge, in his ear; you make these fools believe that it will last for ever.
such thoughts would keep haunting jurgis, filling him with all sorts of strange and almost painful excitements.
if youre an eel, sir, conduct yourself like one.
i might have got good limestone within a mile or two and burned it myself, if i had cared to do so.
the scurvy at sea, the sword of the climate in the west of africa, at cayenne, at panama, at new orleans, cut off men like a massacre.
he knew the room where ona worked, and he knew connor, the boss of the loading-gang outside.
i was so far right, that she had no other companion.
a phrase of the form 'a so-and-so' i shall call an 'ambiguous' description; a phrase of the form 'the so-and-so' (in the singular) i shall call a 'definite' description.
then he placed his breakfast before him with great care, and said, all right, aint you, aged p.?
this, said she, pointing to the long table with her stick, is where i will be laid when i am dead.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
philosophers have sought some intrinsic criterion by which true and false beliefs could be distinguished.
a supper-table was laid for two, in the third of the rooms; a round room, in one of the chateau's four extinguisher-topped towers.
the supreme court of the united states, generally held to be the most powerful tribunal on earth, is in session.
by comparison their beauty is almost delicate and fragile.
they all reverently bowed their heads and hearts.
marija went home, singing out loud all the way, and was just in time to join ona and her stepmother as they were setting out to go and make inquiry concerning the house.
i see the good old man, so long their friend, in ten years' time enriching them with all he has, and passing tranquilly to his reward.
as we are going in the same direction, pip, we may walk together.
why should any one want to ask such questions, after an address like that?
b told the black man his story in a quick, straightforward manner; and the black man looked into his eyes.
doctor manette pressed his hand, hastened bareheaded out of the room, and was in the courtyard when mr. lorry regained the blind.
here the kind parson brought up his eight children; and loving all the world, as his son says, fancied all the world loved him.
this did not always work out in practice, however, for there was pretty sure to be a friend who would treat you, and then you would have to treat him.
the man was tall and gaunt, as haggard as his auditor himself; a thin black beard covered half of his face, and one could see only two black hollows where the eyes were.
then i looked at my watch, and, finding that it was past nine, called again, is there any one here?
the interpretation of a written instrument, no matter by whom enacted, may be governed by law, indeed, but can yield no law.
as against the professedly exact laws of physics, such empirical generalizations have the advantage that they deal with observable phenomena.
for the most of us have been wrenched and racked, in one way or another, until old age is the most trying time of all.
but, there my lord interposed (with as grave a face as if it had not been true), saying that he could not sit upon that bench and suffer those allusions.
we could not rest, although the hour was late and we were both tired, until we had furnished it.
even the packers were in awe of him, so the men said.
how beautiful she was in her black frock, and how she sobbed and cried at first, and wouldnt come out from behind the door!
yes, i am as happy as its possible to be.
if i knew higher praise, trot, i would bestow it on her.
there was no place in the city where he could wash even his face, unless he went down to the lake front--and there it would soon be all ice.
take for example semon's instance of a friend's face.
i had scarcely arrived at the total when a seventh was heard, as in the region of air, wailing dolefully.
the spare hand does not tremble as he releases it; nothing worse than a sweet, bright constancy is in the patient face.
i went to canterbury first, that i might take leave of agnes and mr. wickfield (my old room in whose house i had not yet relinquished), and also of the good doctor.
i could not forget that the feeling with which she now regarded me had grown up in my own free choice and course.
then i was being ushered into one of these boxes, and found myself saying something as i sat down, and people about me crying silence!
thus it is natural to begin causal series with desires, to suppose that all causes are analogous to desires, and that desires themselves arise spontaneously.
we know, for example, that we have desires and beliefs, but we do not know what constitutes a desire or a belief.
for what kind of audience was the article written?
truth and justice--these are the fixed stars by which he steers his barque, and even the prayer book places religion and piety after them, for indeed they are the true foundation of religion and piety.
likewise to act a little for yourself, and me.
mr. dick, who is to give my darling to me at the altar, has had his hair curled.
we should impart our courage, and not our despair, our health and ease, and not our disease, and take care that this does not spread by contagion.
the law was taken to be complete and self-sufficient, without antinomies and without gaps, wanting only arrangement, logical development of the implications of its several rules and conceptions, and systematic exposition of its several parts.
but the peace and rest of the old sunday morning were on everything, except me.
he was still bandaged up--why did you hit him, jurgis?
i see them cross the way to meet her, when her bonnet (she has a bright taste in bonnets) is seen coming down the pavement, accompanied by her sisters bonnet.
yet we do not and cannot see all the connotations which the word has in the speaker's mind.
the faculties are called into no exercise by doing a thing merely because others do it, no more than by believing a thing only because others believe it.
i could not help looking at the fire, in an obvious state of doubt.
as exchange editor was it my business to peruse reports from eastport, maine, to the effect that one of the worst storms in recent years had destroyed large numbers of the sardine weirs there.
he is perhaps the sanest man and has the fewest crotchets of any i chance to know; the same yesterday and tomorrow.
law was a realization of the idea of liberty, and existed to bring about the widest possible individual liberty.
despite the rigid discipline of the pullman company the porter's leeway is a very considerable one.
it proscribes singularity, but it does not preclude change, provided all change together.
yet we think that if rail-fences are pulled down, and stone-walls piled up on our farms, bounds are henceforth set to our lives and our fates decided.
our bows, drooping visibly, tell that we shall not float long.
coming up again to the marsh level out of this excavation,for the rude path lay through it,i saw a light in the old sluice-house.
it is so difficult to fix a sum, said i, hesitating.
i met him in town, and asked him to walk out with me that afternoon.
is that what you found your supposition on, mrs. crupp?
however, i come here some time since you left.
i met scores of people and distributed hundreds of cards.
it was like her cordial voice in my ears.
and then repeated, with her former pleasant change, shall we walk a little farther, or go home?
it is for this reason that it has always been possible for fanciful people to maintain that even stocks and stones have some vague kind of soul.
if you see us among scores of women, will you look upon us?
miss havisham was good enough to ask me, i returned, whether she could do nothing for me, and i told her no.
mr. barsad saw losing cards in it that sydney carton knew nothing of.
but roman law recognized certain kinds of property which sons in the household might hold as their own.
in their practice, nations agree with paley; but does anyone think that massachusetts does exactly what is right at the present crisis?
as it was almost noon, joe and i held straight on to miss havishams house.
all this was done in a perfect manner, and he never raised his eyes from what he was about.
but during the final stanza madame did not sing.
i got into the coach from london last night, as it came through norwich, and was here this morning.
of richmond, gentlemen, said drummle, putting me out of the question, and a peerless beauty.
determining the direction of the tree is a problem.
he seemed curious regarding the cottage, too, as if it were the first time he had seen it.
he lifted himself by the bed, and stood up.
the birds with their plumage and their notes are in harmony with the flowers, but what youth or maiden conspires with the wild luxuriant beauty of nature?
holmes was born, too, to the conflicting traditions of yale and harvard; but beyond being born, practically nothing ever happened to him afterwards.
the very cows are driven to their country pastures before the end of may; though i have heard of one unnatural farmer who kept his cow in the barn and fed her on hay all the year round.
what does it matter to me, you ask me, where you air a going?
ill put your body in the kiln,id carry two such to it, on my shoulders,and, let people suppose what they may of you, they shall never know nothing.
the principle is that of barter and sale on an equitable business basis.
dont you know that they are both mad with their own self-will and pride?
it is assumed by courts more widely than we suspect, or at least, more widely than we like to acknowledge.
this usefulness, helpfulness, is double in its value--to the writer and to the instructor, when there is one.
i have not bestowed my tenderness anywhere.
they force me to become like themselves.
i believe that there is a subtle magnetism in nature, which, if we unconsciously yield to it, will direct us aright.
it was such a very provoking question (for it had never in the most distant manner occurred to me), that i said, snappishly, biddy, what do you mean?
behind the veil of these mundane things, they feel, something quite different obscurely shimmers, shining forth clearly in the great moments of illumination, which alone give anything worthy to be called real knowledge of truth.
if you had been a fellow of any sensitiveness or delicacy of feeling in that kind of way, sydney, i might have been a little resentful of your employing such a designation; but you are not.
i never saw such a good old fellow to make the best of a thing, and find out the enjoyment of it, as mr. omer.
mr. wopsle had greatly alarmed me more than once, by his blowing and hard breathing; but i knew the sounds by this time, and could dissociate them from the object of pursuit.
i think i heard him say, my gardener, several times.
you have mentioned this to mr. spenlow, i suppose?
ware compeyson, magwitch, and the gallows!
he would fain beg off from the acquisition, and shake the touch of the tangible from his imperious wings.
if they are mad, then so much the worse for the artist.
living in his neighbourhood, i saw him frequently; and we all went to his house on two or three occasions to dinner or tea.
we discern a dim, composite picture of a big man in a big wig and a billowing black gown, with a big congregation beneath him.
i could not have come through canterbury today without stopping, if i had been coming to anyone but her.
i have the happiness of knowing your father-in-law, whispered mr. creakle, taking me by the ear; and a worthy man he is, and a man of a strong character.
i found everything in a satisfactory state at the cottage; and was enabled to gratify my aunt exceedingly by reporting that the tenant inherited her feud, and waged incessant war against donkeys.
but it might well be maintained that desiring is what is really most characteristic of mind.
a hungry animal is restless until it finds food; then it becomes quiescent.
it was dated an hour and a half before dinner.
with this proviso, i propose to continue yielding to the prejudice.
i so far agree with what miss trotwood has remarked, observed miss murdstone, bridling, that i consider our lamented clara to have been, in all essential respects, a mere child.
personally, i do not like human beings because i am not aware, upon the whole, of any generally distributed qualities which entitle them as a race to admiration and affection.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
after that he turned back, and for five minutes paced up and down, his hands clenched tightly and his lips set, his mind in a turmoil.
are you sure that it would not be better to try that course?
and, to take another kind of instance, imagine what our astonishment would be if we were to hear a cat bark or a dog mew.
here as in other places the historical jurist and the utilitarian were in agreement as to results although they differed widely as to the mode of reaching them.
by thinking through the various possible ways of working out his subject, he will be able to decide which meets his needs most satisfactorily.
i imparted to mr. jaggers my design of keeping him in ignorance of the fate of his wealth.
theres plenty of string, said mr. dick, and when it flies high, it takes the facts a long way.
by this is meant that whatever being belongs to them is independent of their being thought of or in any way apprehended by minds.
nothing is more fantastically unreal to tell about, nothing more concretely real to experience, than this undernote of the quick water.
it seemed to be; he returned the look, and evidently understood it.
haunted in a most ghastly manner that abominable place would have been, if the glass could ever have rendered back its reflections, as the ocean is one day to give up its dead.
taken out of harness one day at noon, to feed--if he could find food--he sobbed twelve times, once for every stroke of the bell, and died on her bosom.'
it is one of the best proofs that belloc is a really great artist.
i fancied, as i looked at her, that i slipped hopelessly back into the coarse and common boy again.
these are questions that a farmer near bridgeton, n.j., has answered in the most practical manner imaginable.
there, i found my mother, very pale and with red eyes: into whose arms i ran, and begged her pardon from my suffering soul.
the central idea had become one of the demands of good faith in view of intentional action.
and i hope shes not a scolding old thing!
under present conditions it is hard to get the needful seclusion, on which account it is that our educational market is so full of wayside fruit.
and it is not so much the embrace she gave me, that lives in my mind, though it was as fervent as could be, as what followed the embrace.
what does mr. peggotty care for stormy petrels!
i found uriah heep among the company, in a suit of black, and in deep humility.
ballroom--balc'ny pillars--hic--imported--special ship--sixty-eight thousan'!
it was nearly two feet long, printed on calendered paper, with a selection of colors so bright that they shone even in the moonlight.
he went out, hunching his shoulders together and shivering at the touch of the icy rain.
to make them carry the conviction of human utterance, you have no choice: you must pipe them.
articles intended to give practical guidance are most interesting when cast in the form of an interview, a personal experience, or a narrative.
yet it is forbidden to know for what purpose this universe was intended, to what end it was set a-going, or why i am here, or even what i had preferably do while here.
the gift of reading, as i have called it, is not very common, nor very generally understood.
one night he brought her here asleep, and i called her estella.
aggression is the chief if not the only form of anti-social conduct in a primitive society.
at the appointed time in the evening, mr. micawber reappeared.
discoveries, inventions, new processes, unusual methods, new projects, and marked success of any kind may be explained to advantage in the words of those responsible for these undertakings.
my opinion is she wont stand anything, so heres a penny for you.
so he stepped into an empty row of seats and watched, and when the crowd had thinned out, he started toward the platform.
mr. micawber took the opportunity of traddles putting on his great-coat, to slip a letter into my hand, with a whispered request that i would read it at my leisure.
yet, in all the hurry of my thoughts, wild running with the thundering sea,--the storm, and my uneasiness regarding ham were always in the fore-ground.
the objection to it, i think, lies in its failure to realise the radical nature of the reconstruction demanded by the difficulties to which it points.
from this fact it is a highly probable inference that there is also nowhere a very wide mental gap.
in the hands of writers on philosophy of law it has often taken on a metaphysical color.
i heard that the table beer was a robbery of parents, and the pudding an imposition.
i said it would lighten the load of his life--i hope it will!--and that it would give me increased opportunities of being his companion.
at all events, says traddles, if i ever am one-- why, you know you will be.
they say, those boastful english, that it is the refuge of many.
just about this time one of the chicago newspapers, which made much of the common people, opened a free-soup kitchen for the benefit of the unemployed.
you stay with us, trotwood, while you remain in canterbury?
and its the same i saw this morning, he returned.
for heavens sake, agnes, let us not mistake each other after all these years, and all that has come and gone with them!
hot water served as a substitute for the wasp's salivary juices.
the arrangement of these details, in relation both to the central purpose and to each other, requires some consideration, for each detail must have its logical place in the series.
my dear, said mr. micawber, a little impatiently, i am not conscious that you are expected to do anything of the sort.
this must be a strange night to you, standing alone here with your counterpart on these street stones?
what was to be particularly admired (he said) in the commons, was its compactness.
that, if statues were decreed in britain, as in ancient greece and rome, to public benefactors, this shining citizen would assuredly have had one.
lastly, as he had not yet been seen by the laundress or her niece, he was to keep himself out of their view until his change of dress was made.
how delicate are the tender shoots unfolded layer by layer.
agnes has arrived; has been among us for a whole day and an evening.
we found the ship in the river, surrounded by a crowd of boats; a favourable wind blowing; the signal for sailing at her mast-head.
new thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
we may now take a survey of the sources of our knowledge, as they have appeared in the course of our analysis.
yes, maam, he said, kissing her hand, quite alone.
he was lying in it, covered by a blanket, and it was threading its way slowly through the holiday-shopping crowds.
it is no especial cultus of nature and veracity, but a mere whim of veering fashion, that has made us turn our back upon the larger, more various, and more romantic art of yore.
solitude is not measured by the miles of space that intervene between a man and his fellows.
they only can force me who obey a higher law than i.
cut up by the two-thousand-revolutions-a-minute flyers, and mixed with half a ton of other meat, no odor that ever was in a ham could make any difference.
they were in for a siege, that was plainly to be seen.
this being another question hard to answer, mr. jarvis lorry withdrew to consider it.
no successful artist ever drank a deeper draught of satisfaction than she took from the little fame her work was getting among her schoolfellows.
in front was a big pan which caught these creatures, and two more women who seized them as fast as they appeared and twisted them into links.
but as a rule objects do have the qualities added by perception, which is to be expected, since experience of what is usual is the cause of the addition.
at last aniele succeeded in pacifying her, and she essayed the ascent; then, however, she had to be stopped while the old woman cautioned her about the floor of the garret.
continuous dredges are of four types--the ladder, the hydraulic, the stirring, and the pneumatic dredges.
i had long tasks every day to do with mr. mell; but i did them, there being no mr. and miss murdstone here, and got through them without disgrace.
i held him back with both arms; and implored the men with whom i had been speaking, not to listen to him, not to do murder, not to let him stir from off that sand!
the above illustration of kant's antinomies has only been introduced in order to show the relevance of the problem of infinity to the problem of the reality of objects of sense.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
poor jurgis might have been expected to make a successful beggar.
my first thought was one of great thankfulness that i had never breathed this last baffled hope to joe.
new york or some other big city is the place for you.
england is more nearly fit than any other nation to wield the power that is hers.
i am absolutely certain that half a minute ago i was sitting in the same chair in which i am sitting now.
habit, memory and thought are all developments of mnemic causation.
the women stared about them with defiant eyes, or laughed and joked, while the men kept their heads bowed, and their hats pulled over their faces.
in lining bees through the woods, the tactics of the hunter are to pause every twenty or thirty rods, lop away the branches or cut down the trees, and set the bees to work again.
assuming these characteristics, temporal enclosure is an infinitely divisible point-producer.
surely if anything belongs in my peculiar soil and landscape it does.
the children came--four, in quick succession.
it was violently swollen and inflamed, and i could scarcely endure to have it touched.
don't, then, believe a printed statement which you would hotly deny if you heard it from the lips of some one.
i haven't touched anything in your damned house, and i'll not have you touch me!
so, here was another earthquake of which i became the sport, before i had recovered from the shock of its predecessor!
ben jonson exclaims, how near to good is what is fair!
you had a child once, whom you loved and lost.
the character of the voters is not staked.
it is not enough to cease to strive for personal favor; your true indiffrent is early franciscan: caring not to have, he fears to hold.
let us consider these two properties successively.
even yet i could not recall a single feature, but i knew him!
for the lords love, said mr. peggotty, falling back, and putting out his hand, as if to keep off what he dreaded.
i saw her stand where he had left her, like a statue; and then bend down her head, and clasp her hands, and weep, i cannot say how sorrowfully.
lookee here, dear boy, said he its best as a gentleman should not be knowed to belong to me now.
constructive criticism of existing conditions may be successfully embodied in the form of a confession article that describes the evils as they have been experienced by one individual.
it was a night of cold rain, and the pavements were dashed with smears of light from the shop windows.
my sister with an exclamation of impatience was going to fly at me,i had no shadow of defence, for joe was busy in the forge,when mr. pumblechook interposed with no!
all was quiet, and assuredly no other man was in those chambers.
the policeman came to the door again just then.
of course youll go wrong somehow, but thats no fault of mine.
the servant, pursued ham, was seen along with--our poor girl--last night.
jurgis had time enough to stare and speculate, for it was two hours before he was summoned.
as for a habitat, if i were not permitted still to squat, i might purchase one acre at the same price for which the land i cultivated was soldnamely, eight dollars and eight cents.
so all i can tell you is this, that mr. firkins is to my mind one of the half-dozen most sparkling critics in this country.
at present individuals are lost in the crowd.
he cannot invent anything, he can only imitate; and it is easier to imitate evil than good.
most of us find that the most fascinating study for man is man.
he might grab that wad of bills and be out of sight in the darkness before the other could collect his wits.
and it was now, about little lucie's sixth birthday, that they began to have an awful sound, as of a great storm in france with a dreadful sea rising.
in these cases the social interest in the general security is the controlling element.
for the sake of agnes wickfield--heaven bless her!
yet it is just at this time that our roadsides and woodland borders are the most beautiful.
it was a characteristic feature in this repentance, that i was fain to ask what these two men had done, to be there at all.
we all on us feel the loss of her, bless ye!
then i cut a slit across the chicken just back of the keel of the breast bone.
this is the reason why we can understand a sentence we never heard before.
does it seem to be particularly well adapted to the readers of the publication in which it was printed?
in the glow, the water of the chateau fountain seemed to turn to blood, and the stone faces crimsoned.
the process is not absolute or infallible, but it has been found capable of sifting beliefs and building up science.
the case is too grotesque to be typical, yet it is exceptional in degree rather than in kind.
was mr. lorry's breathless reflection, simultaneously with his coming against the wall.)
the only essential difference is that their methods to-day are less raw and crude.
it was the tender-hearted doctor himself, with a lighted candle in his hand and a smile upon his countenance, which was still partially red from the effects of my petulance.
i was wondering who it was, who kept the fire off.
she is a curates daughter, said traddles; one of ten, down in devonshire.
the manner of both was imperious, and they both moved, as these words were spoken, so as to place me between themselves and the carriage door.
barkis, i want to get a bed for this gentleman tonight.
thus, when i am acquainted with my seeing the sun, the whole fact with which i am acquainted is 'self-acquainted-with-sense-datum'.
upon which a waiter came running out of a kitchen on the opposite side of the yard to show it, and seemed a good deal surprised when he was only to show it to me.
but neither peggotty nor i had eyes for him, when we saw, in company with him, mr. murdstone.
we were so fortunate as to find one, of a very clean and cheap description, over a chandlers shop, only two streets removed from me.
when a miracle happens and some live to be forty-five, they are the ancient ones, and the children stare at them when passing by the home of the useless.
i know wery well that when im here o nights (and where else should i live, bless your arts, whatever fortun i come into!)
the justices were sitting in the town hall near at hand, and we at once went over to have me bound apprentice to joe in the magisterial presence.
the world of immediate data is quite different from this.
i suppose that the beginnings of everyone's business life always remain vivid memories.
at present, in this vicinity, the best part of the land is not private property; the landscape is not owned, and the walker enjoys comparative freedom.
at the best of times, so much of this elixir was administered to me as a choice restorative, that i was conscious of going about, smelling like a new fence.
what made all this the more painful was that it was so hard on the few that had really done their best.
drive a nail home and clinch it so faithfully that you can wake up in the night and think of your work with satisfaction,a work at which you would not be ashamed to invoke the muse.
of womanly reserve or self-restraint she knew nothing.
apparently he does not permit himself a moment's indifference or inattention.
in each case we have tagged the person or thing with what we think it is at its heart, with its total significance.
for women now are merely more or less good-looking, and as i know, their looks when at their best have been painstakingly enhanced and edited....
but this brings us to the question of the application of our analysis of cause to the problem of free will.
on the continent the second theory, the theory of the inherent moral force of a promise made as such, came to prevail.
mrs. joe, said i, as a last resort, i should like to knowif you wouldnt much mindwhere the firing comes from?
there are cowslips, too, and blue vervain, and white violets.
his eyes were turned towards the door, and lighted up as i entered.
you have such a gentle nature, and you are always right.
each individual case is studied with the utmost care, however, and patients are given their choice of available occupations.
to be sure he has, retorted mr. dick, nodding his head gravely.
these two processes, of doubting the familiar and imagining the unfamiliar, are correlative, and form the chief part of the mental training required for a philosopher.
this constitutes the definition of truth and falsehood that we were in search of.
then he began grumbling again: with your flying into the face of your own wittles and drink!
again a miracle; these are things which cannot be staled by repetition.
as we neared home, joe vaguely acknowledging the occasion as an impressive and ceremonious one, went on ahead to open the front door.
so animated, the student feels that he has joined a family whose honor is his honor, whose welfare is his own, and whose interests should be his first consideration.
the little points that come up in your reading try to test for yourselves.
you have been a long time coming, said the marquis, with a smile.
oh, the glory of loving some one more than oneself!
so, after that, jurgis was known to his boss as comrade jurgis, and in return he was expected to call him comrade hinds.
you may skirmish with miss dartle, or try to hide your sympathies in jest from me, but i know better.
i have not seen him this long while, until last night.
it was sticking out of him in all directions.
they fought with more pertinacity than bull-dogs.
it is very restful to give up all effort at observing human nature and drawing social and political deductions from trifles, and to let oneself relapse into wide-mouthed worship of the wonders of nature.
but in themselves they do not differ profoundly, and there is no reason to invoke two different ways of knowing for the one and for the other.
the philanthropist too often surrounds mankind with the remembrance of his own cast-off griefs as an atmosphere, and calls it sympathy.
it carried me into great and unexpected peril; but it is a sacred object, and if it had carried me to death i hope it would have sustained me.
i heard, miss havisham, said i, rather at a loss, that you were so kind as to wish me to come and see you, and i came directly.
when traddles went away, and i came back into the parlour from seeing him out, my wife planted her chair close to mine, and sat down by my side.
which i entreated you to believe, again and again, most fervently, with all my heart, was capable of better things, mr. carton!
it was the slightest start that could escape a man, the most carefully repressed and the sooner checked, but he did start, though he made it a part of the action of taking out his pocket-handkerchief.
i should say he was--let me see--how old are you, about?
the spirit of agnes so pervaded all we thought, and said, and did, in that time of sorrow, that i assume i may refer the project to her influence.
it is not a professional course of proceeding.
morning made a considerable difference in my general prospect of life, and brightened it so much that it scarcely seemed the same.
now, said the milkman to a very youthful servant girl.
it was my hope when i came here, said mr. micawber, to have got wilkins into the church: or perhaps i shall express my meaning more strictly, if i say the choir.
after this escape, i was content to take a foggy view of the inn through the windows encrusting dirt, and to stand dolefully looking out, saying to myself that london was decidedly overrated.
why i fail in my ability to finish it, i cannot explain.
how much more beautiful than our lives, how much more transparent than our characters, are they!
it is true that this process may be telescoped through the operation of the word-habit.
merely the unusual nature of their connection with other objects of sense.
it doubles our income, doctor strong, said i. dear me!
if two particulars differ sufficiently little, their mnemic effects will be the same; therefore no image or word can mean the one as opposed to the other; this sets a bound to the particularity of meaning.
in all other cases, though we know (more or less hypothetically) some of the correlations and abstract properties of the appearance of the star, we do not know the appearance itself.
no, no; if the fairest features of the landscape are to be named after men, let them be the noblest and worthiest men alone.
they may be found, on reflection, to be capable of logical proof, and they then again become believed, but no longer as data.
but now i had made my home by the shore.
but the sense-datum which we call hearing the thunder does not take place until the disturbance of the air has travelled as far as to where we are.
for the most part we allow only outlying and transient circumstances to make our occasions.
i execute my instructions, and i am paid for doing so.
how direct and satisfying a passage to the mind mr. tomlinson's paragraphs have.
one of our first feats in the housekeeping way was a little dinner to traddles.
we must, in a measure, assist to turn them up.
i wish i had had the pleasure of seeing you before.
the difference between philosophy and mathematics may be illustrated by our present problem, namely, the nature of number.
but the superior income which is the appanage of superior status is not rent of ability.
i am going up to my guardian in london, said i, casually drawing some guineas out of my pocket and looking at them; and i want a fashionable suit of clothes to go in.
he concludes that number is neither spatial and physical, nor subjective, but non-sensible and objective.
they would know now what their volitions were going to be.
dora-- miss spenlow, if you please, said her father, majestically.
it would seem that zeno himself, as a supporter of parmenides, drew the last of these three possible deductions, at any rate in regard to time.
a slight drip down the side of a package might not be proof positive of poor quality, but it would frighten away a careful buyer.
ever since the beginning of popular magazines and of special feature writing for newspapers, women writers have proved their ability, but at no time have the opportunities for them been greater than at present.
naturally, the aspect of prison life was changed for jurgis by the arrival of a cell mate.
this, with an angry explanatory wave of her right arm.
why--i suppose you would like me as much then, peggotty, as you do now?
are you composed enough, said i, to speak on the subject which so interested you--i hope heaven may remember it!--that snowy night?
there was more that she might have said; more that she knew, or that she suspected; i clearly saw.
marija would about as soon have expected to see the sun shut down--the huge establishment had been to her a thing akin to the planets and the seasons.
perhaps the following silence, perhaps some latent disclosure in the expression of miss pross's face, perhaps a sudden misgiving apart from either suggestion, whispered to madame defarge that they were gone.
in society, in the best institutions of men, it is easy to detect a certain precocity.
madame defarge knitted with nimble fingers and steady eyebrows, and saw nothing.
perhaps, to observe whether he had any spectre on his conscience.
and this is the unspeakable word, which no men may speak nor hear.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
we step back a few paces, and sit down upon the ground so as to bring the box against the blue sky as a background.
she rubs everything that can be rubbed, until it shines, like her own honest forehead, with perpetual friction.
the first night i was in lockport, manager peet was holding a meeting of the milk producers supplying the city for the purpose of settling this inequity once and for all.
in an idealistic form it thinks of the inevitable unfolding of an economic idea.
let us both know what it is that has come between us!
on my objecting to this retreat, he took us into another room with a dinner-table for thirty, and in the grate a scorched leaf of a copy-book under a bushel of coal-dust.
ham was a boat-builder in these days, having improved a natural ingenuity in that handicraft, until he had become a skilled workman.
while i had been away from home lately, traddles had called twice or thrice.
i am convinced that mr. micawber, giving his mind to a profession so adapted to his fertile resources, and his flow of language, must distinguish himself.
of course i saw that he knew the man was come.
it had dropped into a watchful and brooding expression,most likely when all the things about her had become transfixed,and it looked as if nothing could ever lift it up again.
it would be chance work to give an opinion how a fellow of that sort will turn out in such circumstances, because its a toss-up between two results.
well, pip, said joe, be it so or be it sont, you must be a common scholar afore you can be a oncommon one, i should hope!
we only have to pay twelve dollars each month.
agreements were matters for religion or for kin or guild discipline.
this concluded, he went to his patent place, i suppose; but at all events went away on his horse, looking very idle.
it made him irrevocably a family man; it killed the last lingering impulse that he might have had to go out in the evenings and sit and talk with the men in the saloons.
and having, i suppose, carried her point, she tapped the doctors hand several times with her fan (which she kissed first), and returned triumphantly to her former station.
i led the same secretly unhappy life; but i led it in the same lonely, self-reliant manner.
still more so, by the stipulation of implicit confidence which i beg to impose.
they writes fifty hands; theyre not like sneaking you, as writes but one.
for the same reason, we may leave out of consideration those backward states of society in which the race itself may be considered as in its nonage.
the motor cycle was attracting little of the recruiting officer's attention now, for he was a recruiting officer, and engaged in one of the most practical phases of his work.
bentham, theory of legislation, principles of the civil code, pt.
this had been so very noticeable, so very powerfully and naturally shown, that starers who had had no pity for him were touched by her; and the whisper went about, who are they?
it reminded him so vividly of the time when he had come home from jail and found ona dying, that his heart almost stood still.
permission to present material in a personal experience story should always be obtained from the individual whose experiences the writer intends to use.
with the exception of my limbs and my breath, howsoever, i am as hearty as a man can be, im thankful to say.
then they asked: what is your name?
jurgis listened while the man entered the witness chair, took the oath, and told his story.
therefore you must know that i am engaged.
but they have found him alive, hiding in the country, and have brought him in.
this mode of thought, or rather perhaps of feeling, was common among the last generation of european liberalism, in the continental section of which it still apparently predominates.
defarge went back to the counter, and said, certainly, a little like.
all along youve thought me too umble now, i shouldnt wonder?
they have no genius or talent for comparatively humble questions of taxation and finance, commerce and manufactures and agriculture.
a like conclusion is suggested when we look into the related controversy as to the respective provinces of common law and of legislation.
it was not a subject i could discuss with agnes, and agnes certainly had not the least suspicion of what had passed.
but i, misled by the action, and confused by the occasion, shook hands with him with every testimony of warm affection.
legally all property acquired by any member of the household was the property of the head of the household as the legal symbol and representative thereof.
on the saturday in that same week, i took my leave of herbert,full of bright hope, but sad and sorry to leave me,as he sat on one of the seaport mail coaches.
mr. lorry's spirits grew heavier and heavier, as he and his two companions ascended higher and higher.
the micawber family were lodged in a little, dirty, tumble-down public-house, which in those days was close to the stairs, and whose protruding wooden rooms overhung the river.
surrounded as he was by aggressive enemies and undefended frontiers, his best means of security lay in a policy of constant innovation and expansion.
it was not for his dignity to notice it; his contemptuous eyes passed over her, and over all the other rats; and he leaned back in his seat again, and gave the word go on!
perhaps they replied, or argued the point, or tried to encourage me to believe that i was better than i thought.
again he made up his mouth to whistle, and again he didnt whistle, but sat looking at the horses ears.
so also, owing to bodily and mental health and strength, we may be continually cheered by a like but more normal and natural society, and come to know that we are never alone.
as to the strength of his case, he had not a doubt about it, but clearly saw his way to the verdict.
but, i suddenly realized, i could steal it!
the pigeons are all asleep upon their roosts,no flutter from them.
is that the reason why miss murdstone took the clothes out of my drawers?
i was rather afraid of stating it, for it sounded a large sum.
with an astonishing volume of voice; and then sat down, and began to pant, and said i had given her a turn.
i persuaded myself that i knew he was taken; that there was something more upon my mind than a fear or a presentiment; that the fact had occurred, and i had a mysterious knowledge of it.
to borrow, of that branch of my family, the money to return to london, and to return at any sacrifice.
but, when we went into the room, and it turned pale, she was ten thousand times prettier yet.
the phenomena are so familiar that it is difficult to realize how little we really know about them.
inquired agnes, with the same sweet consideration in her face.
i could pass a reasonably good examination already, as a pilot in these waters, i think.
justice is defined in the institutes as the set and constant purpose of giving him these things.
beyond the orchard jurgis struck through a patch of woods, and then a field of winter grain, and came at last to another road.
likewise we have had to extend liability for oral defamation.
a mans health requires as many acres of meadow to his prospect as his farm does loads of muck.
it made me very uncomfortable to have him for a guest, for i was young then, and unused to disguise what i so strongly felt.
in the fourth case, the word acquires, through association, some of the same causal efficacy as the object.
the technical man also discovered the salesman, for it was plain enough that equipment well sold--skillfully adjusted to the customer's needs--gave the least margin for trouble shooting.
since homely, colloquial expressions have entirely different associations, they would be entirely out of keeping with the tone of such a sketch, unless the religious leader were an unconventional revivalist.
yes, he replied; i wish to come in, master.
they would make such a business of it,such a coarse and common business,that i couldnt bear myself.
if it will do you any good, mr. carton, if it would make you happier, it would make me very glad!
that is the kind of passage that used to send the blood of dr. bradley coursing more quickly through his veins.
we must bring it into the sight of all men.
that there could be no such beauty without it.
and then the subject became religion, which was the archfiend's deadliest weapon.
this dialogue had been held in so very low a whisper, that not a word of it had reached the young lady's ears.
said mrs. micawber, with her most affable air of business.
i broke my glass in going round the table to shake hands with him, and i said (in two words) steerforth--youretheguidingstarofmyexistence.
i know it was near the bar, on account of the smell of spirits and jingling of glasses.
but this detour through the animal's supposed mind is wholly unnecessary.
the very stars to which i then raised my eyes, i am afraid i took to be but poor and humble stars for glittering on the rustic objects among which i had passed my life.
she holds her skirt with her hand as she dances, with stately precision, after the manner of the grandes dames.
really--really--as mr. chillip told my mother, he was almost shocked; speaking in a professional point of view alone, he was almost shocked.
we do not believe that a tide rises and falls behind every man which can float the british empire like a chip, if he should ever harbor it in his mind.
we feel that it is our government, and that its decrees are more or less the same as those which we should have given if we ourselves had been the governors.
how the hell can i know if it's good or not?
sometimes, in desperate hours, he would find himself wishing that she might learn what it was, so that he need not be ashamed in her presence.
it is, therefore, a piece of informal analysis.
in another place, lay an old sword that seemed to have been a soldier's.
but jurgis had never committed a crime in his life, and now he hesitated half a second too long.
my dear biddy, i have forgotten nothing in my life that ever had a foremost place there, and little that ever had any place there.
the label title is a simple, direct statement of the subject.
compeysons business was the swindling, handwriting forging, stolen bank-note passing, and such-like.
but it is very important to realize the use of principles of inference, if a correct theory of knowledge is to be obtained; for our knowledge of them raises interesting and difficult questions.
peggotty and all her family were full of grief at our going.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
its something to have seen the object of ones love and duty for even so short a time.
though half-frozen, they waited a full quarter of an hour after that--and then again came footsteps, walking briskly.
let that fail, and the axles, grinding and red-hot, would eat through the white metal of the bearings as a knife goes through butter.
but the thrill of delight she got when mr. ecord, of the normal annual, asked her to do the cartooning for that book this spring, was too beautiful for words.
entering one of the durham buildings, they found a number of other visitors waiting; and before long there came a guide, to escort them through the place.
how i felt as if its might would push me from my ground in doras thoughts.
i mount to the cell, with a fellow-citizen who is one of the jury, directed by a gaoler.
you will allow me, as a private individual, to decline pursuing a subject which has lashed me to the utmost verge of desperation in my professional capacity.
please, aunt, sobbed emly, come here, and let me lay my head upon you.
every conceivable source may be drawn on for quotations, provided, of course, that what is quoted has close connection with the subject.
there was no one taking tickets, so it must be a free show again.
it was the subject of the only determined resistance i made in all the wretched years.
most of the girls lodge over the milliners' shops, and thither their friends resort.
in this respect the thought of the present is more like that of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries than that of the nineteenth century.
keep near to me, jacques three, cried defarge; and do you, jacques one and two, separate and put yourselves at the head of as many of these patriots as you can.
you see, pip, joe pursued, as soon as he was past that danger, miss havisham done the handsome thing by you.
the two first, one in prose, one in verse, i chose without previous analysis, simply as engaging passages that had long re-echoed in my ear.
it takes only a dramatic interest in the guns of yorktown.
dont i think it would have been better to have done nothing, than to have tried to form my little wifes mind?
the link that binds together the ideas, sometimes so wide apart, which his wit assimilates, is most often the link of emotion; they have in common some element of beauty or of horror.
he found out the exact spot from which the divers had recovered the bowl, and compared the reckonings with all the ancient charts which spoke of the location of fabled atlantis.
jurgis had not known this, or he would have swallowed the stuff in desperation; as it was, every nerve of him was a-quiver with shame and rage.
said mr. peggotty, stretching out his pipe.
some rules of conduct, therefore, must be imposed, by law in the first place, and by opinion on many things which are not fit subjects for the operation of law.
it is a sort of wooden gun to the people themselves; and, if ever they should use it in earnest as a real one against each other, it will surely split.
the mender of roads was now coming to himself, and was mistrustful of having made a mistake in his late demonstrations; but no.
he gently places her with her back to the crashing engine that constantly whirrs up and falls, and she looks into his face and thanks him.
i think ive got a bright new shilling somewhere in my pocket, and if i have, the boy shall have it.
in lathing i was pleased to be able to send home each nail with a single blow of the hammer, and it was my ambition to transfer the plaster from the board to the wall neatly and rapidly.
why she should have thought that an appropriate song to offer this company of rough soldiers from a distant land i do not know.
on her motioning yes, with the same hasty gesture as before, i stopped an empty coach that was coming by, and we got into it.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
now that the cars are gone by and all the restless world with them, and the fishes in the pond no longer feel their rumbling, i am more alone than ever.
and this steadying influence was strengthened from another quarter.
jurgis's heart was beating wildly; it was a bold thing for him to do--into what strange unearthly place he was venturing he had no idea.
its very much to be wished that some mothers would leave their daughters alone after marriage, and not be so violently affectionate.
readers want to know the meaning of facts and figures, and it is the writer's mission to bring out this meaning.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
this may be taken in two senses, the first when a thing not merely feels familiar, but we know it is such-and-such.
there is an unconscionable old shark for you!
drew ideal picture of d. c. on verge of tomb.
an' the organ--thirty thousan' dollars, sir--starter up, hamilton, let mr. rednose hear it.
i lay my face upon the pillow by her, and she looks into my eyes, and speaks very softly.
english literature, from the days of the minstrels to the lake poetschaucer and spenser and milton, and even shakespeare includedbreathes no quite fresh and in this sense wild strain.
all the others who were waiting saw him at the same time, and there was quite a rush at him.
for this purpose we must define more carefully the kind of accuracy and the kind of response that may be expected where there is knowledge.
perhaps she had followed the current of my mind; for it seemed to me an easy one to track now, wilful as it had been once.
i came into this world, not chiefly to make this a good place to live in, but to live in it, be it good or bad.
such things as desires and beliefs, which seem obvious to introspection, are not visible directly to external observation.
here in this city to-night ten thousand women are shut up in foul pens, and driven by hunger to sell their bodies to live.
careless, inaccurate writers are the bane of the magazine editor's life.
i went to compeyson next night, same place, and compeyson took me on to be his man and pardner.
i knew the way by which she would come, and presently found myself strolling along the path to meet her.
and between them and the white-haired man afar off, was the one small link, that they had once looked in at him through the chinks in the wall.
my father is miss havishams cousin; not that that implies familiar intercourse between them, for he is a bad courtier and will not propitiate her.
as their week with aniele was up in three days, they lost no time in getting ready.
make a formal classification, in skeleton form, of any of the following subjects.
if all goes well, said i, you will be perfectly free and safe again within a few hours.
we were put up at a small country club--a simple affair enough, comparatively speaking--that demanded six weeks' salary in initial dues and much more in actual subsequent expense.
the meaner sort are covered with mats which they make of a kind of bulrush, and are also indifferently tight and warm, but not so good as the former....
but here were two acres and a half of furrows, and only a hoe for cart and two hands to draw it,there being an aversion to other carts and horses,and chip dirt far away.
i think that, in the endurance of her own trial, she forgot mine, estella.
(i was not at all happy there at the time, observe, and i knew it well.)
the value of each item of the material gathered must be carefully weighed; its relation to the whole subject and to every part must be considered.
the nurses now laid the patient down upon his back, throwing a handkerchief over his eyes, so that he could not himself witness the subsequent proceedings.
the revolution-fever will have been too much for him?
he is more in the secrets of every place, i think, said estella, in a low voice.
if you please, sir, i said, when we had accomplished about the same distance as before, is it far?
she's cut it bad, this time, worse than before.
this way--steady now, don't slip on the floor.
for this reason greatness of soul is not fostered by those philosophies which assimilate the universe to man.
but when she began to look about her, and to speak to me, he nodded his head and grinned several times.
they cause that in all the universe men purify and sanctify their hearts, and clothe themselves in their holiday garments to offer sacrifices and oblations to their ancestors.
but even here the word 'like' denotes a universal, for i may like other things, and other people may like things.
no reasonable person can doubt that christianity might have been extirpated in the roman empire.
his voice sounded thin and futile after the other's, and to jurgis it seemed a profanation.
that he may be ready--in case of anything turning up.
he was an universal favourite, and his ingenuity in little things was transcendent.
it is excellent, we must all allow; yet this government never of itself furthered any enterprise, but by the alacrity with which it got out of its way.
i believe he actually began to be afraid he really had been doing something, tending to the annihilation of the british constitution, and the ruin of the country.
very similar considerations apply to memory, if taken as the essence of mind.
said miss murdstone, still keeping her eye on the pickles; it is of more importance than anything else--it is of paramount importance--that my brother should not be disturbed or made uncomfortable.
said the other, who had been watching him in wonder.
they can never help me to escape in the body, though they may in the spirit.'
ah well, we go beyond him, said mr. thomson.
if you will hear me through a very little more, all you can ever do for me is done.
i dont make much, but i dont spend much.
there are many men in the pullman service like roger pryor, who has ridden with every recent president of the land and enjoyed his confidence and respect.
here joes hat tumbled off the mantel-piece, and he started out of his chair and picked it up, and fitted it to the same exact spot.
she was bright and cheerful in the old childish way, loved me dearly, and was happy with her old trifles.
the substantive question at issue is whether mental events are determined by the past.
one hundred thousand of those who drink it are babies.
here and there ran long alleys, blocked at intervals by gates; and jokubas told them that the number of these gates was twenty-five thousand.
but it sometimes turns out that we were mistaken, or at any rate we come to think we were.
we began to talk about my aunts losses, and i told them what i had tried to do that morning.
intervening attempts to deal with the problem are futile and negligible.
let us collect them together, in the middle of the cell.
so jurgis went out, and walked down the street to think it over.
he stored my mind with its first treasures, and stamped his character upon them all.
we sleep in the midst of that ring, and the beasts dare not attack us.
but all that we can observe is a certain language-habit.
when the soldier is hit by a cannon ball rags are as becoming as purple.
i have not the least notion at whom, or what he meant by it.
this is again a judgement of perception, but it differs from our previous kind.
i would umbly ask, sir, returned uriah, with a jerk of his malevolent head, for leave to write again to mother.
do not they stand in same relation to the state, that the state does to the union?
there was a group assembled round the fire at the three jolly bargemen, attentive to mr. wopsle as he read the newspaper aloud.
don't revive her to consciousness, while she only faints.
marija was pacing the room, screaming and wringing her hands.
she always made a bargain for it, by holding up, as a statement of its just price, one finger less than the merchant held up, whatever his number might be.
for this reason, the word 'innate' would not now be employed to describe our knowledge of logical principles.
the more easily, accurately, and completely the reader gets the author's thoughts and feelings, the better is the style.
by arousing the sympathies of the readers, he was better able to impress them with the benefits of the clinic.
the hunt is most interesting, especially in the autumn.
our theorizing is often mistaken, and when it is mistaken there is a difference between what we think we desire and what in fact will bring satisfaction.
having something to explain or to expound, they endeavor to understand it and to state it rationally and in so doing work out a theory of what it is.
but to bring you so far, i returned, and to separate, seems bad companionship, steerforth.
you may imagine how delightful it was to my feelings, copperfield, to see the matter settled with it, and mrs. micawber recover her spirits.
it is not much to give to the theme that so long filled my heart.
i was accustomed to speak of the larder when i lived with papa and mama, and i use the word almost unconsciously.
more; for she had saved a little, and added to it.
i wonder i didnt say, kill me, if you have a heart, miss mills.
with the best of intentions, then, you enter the library.
it was quite in vain for me to endeavor to make him sensible that he ought to speak to miss havisham.
whichever method you use, observe this rule: pick your chicken clean.
even in her sleep she is sobbing for emly.
but for a man crammed with experience of the most dramatic sort and discovering the ability and the ambition to write--for him to make spurious oriental romances which achieve an enormous popularity!
young jerry, dress yourself, my boy, and while i clean my boots keep a eye upon your mother now and then, and if you see any signs of more flopping, give me a call.
i dont know how long we were going, and to this hour i know as little where we went.
i was about to pass on when a bee passed me making that peculiar shrill, discordant hum that a bee makes when besmeared with honey.
my name, he said, is jaggers, and i am a lawyer in london.
under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
the evolution of the community kitchen is going to be of interest to every housewife and to every wage earner in all classes of society.
theres them thats as good a match for your uncle provis as old orlick has been for you.
almost the first remarkable thing i observed in miss murdstone was, her being constantly haunted by a suspicion that the servants had a man secreted somewhere on the premises.
it was in the front of the house, and extremely neat, though sparely furnished.
i couldnt think of doing the honours of the feast, at my time of life, while he was by; my hand shook at the very thought of it.
there was a little discourse about cigars, showing him exactly why the thomas jefferson five-cent perfecto was the only cigar worthy of the name.
but we cant expect a dictionary--especially when its making--to interest annie, can we?
he gave his arm to his daughter, and took her down-stairs to the chariot which mr. lorry had hired in honour of the day.
in the following brief incident it is interesting to note how the author shows his own personality.
the honey in this tree was most pleasing to see and to carry home.
there, in a very secluded and shaded spot, under a spreading white-pine, there was yet a clean, firm sward to sit on.
asked the marquis, whom i will still describe as the elder brother, coming booted into the room from his horse.
all the little changes that had crept in when the heeps were there, were changed again.
you had no idea of your impending good fortune, in those times?
she had shown a proud impatience more than once before, and had rather endured that fierce affection than accepted or returned it.
similarly with any other word which may be applicable to common facts, such as 'whiteness' for example.
there is as much secrecy about the cooking as if he had a design to poison you.
the tip is the nub of the whole situation.
there were other wards in which the democratic vote had been actually surpassed, and in two districts, members of the state legislature had been elected.
it was the last week in june--they had just a month before the primaries in which to rouse public opinion.
i think you ought not, trotwood, since you ask me, she said, mildly.
now our sense-data are situated in our private spaces, either the space of sight or the space of touch or such vaguer spaces as other senses may give us.
our winged thoughts are turned to poultry.
not to understand your play, returned the spy, somewhat uneasily.
that it is not needful for common men to be able to expose all the misstatements or fallacies of an ingenious opponent.
or, failing to get his aim clearly in mind, he may jump from one aspect of the subject to another, without accomplishing anything in particular.
it is clear that psychology is concerned essentially with actual particulars, not merely with systems of particulars.
it was a dark night, with a many stars a-shining.
at one oclock the next day massasoit brought two fishes that he had shot, about thrice as big as a bream; these being boiled, there were at least forty looked for a share in them.
the house laid the letter down so close to darnay that he saw the direction--the more quickly because it was his own right name.
the object is to give to the purchaser the maximum quantity of highest grade food, properly cooked, at minimum cost.
these things and others like them are observable phenomena distinguishing a hungry animal from one which is not hungry.
he glanced at me, and mr. mells hand gently patted me upon the shoulder.
no, of course it was not fair, but then fairness had nothing to do with it.
the difficulty was therefore got over in this way.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
being so near here, mr. micawber was of opinion that it would be rash not to come on, and see the cathedral.
i put such questions to mr. wopsle as, when did the man come in?
yes, responded the other, but not right away; a man can't change his politics every day.
i felt peggottys arm round my neck, but i could not have moved if the house had been about to fall upon me.
the likings and dislikings of society, or of some powerful portion of it, are thus the main thing which has practically determined the rules laid down for general observance, under the penalties of law or opinion.
it was traddles; whom mr. mell instantly discomfited by bidding him hold his tongue.
american state courts sought to turn the principles by which the chancellors were wont to exercise their discretion into hard and fast rules of jurisdiction.
mr. steerforth has not seen it yet, i suppose?
then we smiled, for we thought of the light and that we had not betrayed it.
not a mean village closed upon him, not a common barrier dropped across the road behind him, but he knew it to be another iron door in the series that was barred between him and england.
these trials speak volumes as to the state of feeling and opinion among the vulgar with regard to human liberty.
the latter amused the family, for they thought the higher education of women quite unwomanly and had refused to let me go to college.
i dont mean to reproach you, my dear, but this is not comfortable.
as her apartment had only one maid's room, she had to give one of the guestrooms to the second maid.
thus a word is not something unique and particular, but a set of occurrences.
o yes, you are to see me; you are to come when you think proper; you are to be mentioned to the family; indeed you are already mentioned.
the batch is put into the furnace from the rear; as it liquefies it flows to the front, where it is drawn off thru small openings and blown into shape.
but when they set the bier down on the threshold, they looked at one another, and at me, and whispered.
the death of a well-known clown in new york was followed by a special feature story about him in the sunday magazine section of a chicago paper.
i told the gentleman at first, when he told me upstairs it was come to light, that i would answer for your being umble, and making amends.
the reasons for this must now be considered.
i wish mr. micawber to take his stand upon that vessels prow, and firmly say, this country i am come to conquer!
he drew his hand across his face, and with a half-suppressed sigh looked up from the fire.
i cant abear to see you so, sir: im a mother myself.
you call, ole sport, an' i'll pay, he suggested.
the guipuzcoan variety i have, unfortunately, had no opportunity of tasting.
she has been my mistress a long time, sir, answered peggotty, i ought to know it.
now, your inclinations are to be consulted.
you must guard against this, because absence of events both complicates the writer's task and makes his success with the reader more problematic.
having been my own butcher and scullion and cook, as well as the gentleman for whom the dishes were served up, i can speak from an unusually complete experience.
have not men improved somewhat in punctuality since the railroad was invented?
spatial and temporal relations must sometimes be included, for example in the case of a swift motion falling wholly within the specious present.
there are the strong meats on which he feeds.
that will have to wait, anyhow, till i know a little more about it myself!
i have gone off into that state, hours and hours, on account of matthews strange and inexplicable conduct, and nobody has thanked me.
i doubt if i should abuse the permission.
what light does your explanation throw upon the duties and dangers of writing biography?
we point instead to the fact that swift lost his mind in the end.
says you, joseph, i have this day seen my earliest benefactor and the founder of my fortuns.
this is quite irresistible, and every one in the room joins in, until the place becomes a maze of flying skirts and bodies quite dazzling to look upon.
we have already touched on this subject at the end of the preceding chapter, but we must now consider more fully what sort of being it is that belongs to universals.
when and where the growing point of law has been in legislation, a political theory of law as the command of the sovereign has prevailed.
i meant you--how differently you would have behaved--about ona.
practical railroad men have given to the mono-rail car a sufficiently warm welcome.
& that no sexton be asked to toll the bell.
beyond town, we found a heavy mist out, and it fell wet and thick.
for, i really am not, he added, with his sons smile, an alarming personage.
i promise that she shall, immediately; but i cannot leave her, for my grief.
ignorance is the source of most of our ills.
he can hardly say, just now, observed steerforth, carelessly.
it is a little strange that the question should instruct me as to what it is that i am to recall.
upon a doubtful title; many without marriage robes.
it meets unusual traffic demands with all the resources of its great fleet of traveling hotels.
a robust poor man, one sunny day here in concord, praised a fellow-townsman to me, because, as he said, he was kind to the poor; meaning himself.
at the saloon jurgis could not only get more food and better food than he could buy in any restaurant for the same money, but a drink in the bargain to warm him up.
hes a gentleman, if you please, this villain.
the effect of words upon the hearer is a mnemic phenomena, since it depends upon the past experience which gave him understanding of the words.
but if a bond, or any other description of security, would be preferred, i should be happy to execute any such instrument.
but i said, modestly--good heaven, how it all comes back to me this long time afterwards--!
exactly similar remarks apply to scientific instruments.
not a fragment of milk you wont have tomorrow.
she did not appear when we afterwards went up to miss havishams room, and we four played at whist.
in his view the earth is all equally cultivated like a garden.
your one final desire should be to go to the heart of the matter accurately, and then to state this clearly.
at all events, she is not likely ever to trouble us again.
and even to himself there is a full equivalent in the better development of the social part of his nature, rendered possible by the restraint put upon the selfish part.
it is made possible by the fact that the circulation of newspapers is largely local.
medical assistance was got as soon as possible, but it was quite useless.
illustration, even of conceded truths, is rarely superfluous.
her father had not been seen, since he quitted the banking-house towards four o'clock.
we all think that, by watching the behaviour of animals, we can discover more or less what they desire.
mrs. pocket read all the time, and i was curious to know what the book could be.
by courtesy of the publishers, harper & brothers, new york city.
she passed the kerrs, walking the horse, in front of the normal library, and waved at them; passed another friend a few hundred feet further on, and waved at her.
a buzz and hum go up around me, as if the boys were so many bluebottles.
they will not be slow, either, in extending and improving the theory.
and nothing, i have discovered, is much easier to transplant than a new england aster, the showiest of the family.
they must be accepted simply on account of the fact that we seem to perceive them, not on account of their supposed necessity for explaining the data of external observation.
was that a farmers noon horn which sounded from beyond the woods just now?
nevertheless, the evidence is not very greatly less than in the physical world.
beliefs, desires, volitions, and so on, appeared to us to be complex phenomena consisting of sensations and images variously interrelated.
mr. omer took off his broad-brimmed hat, and sat down and panted.
an icy horror of loneliness seized him; he saw himself standing apart and watching all the world fade away from him--a world of shadows, of fickle dreams.
a certain sort of voluntary abstraction is the oldest and choicest of social attitudes.
however, i came into town on the monday night to be ready for joe, and i got up early in the morning, and caused the sitting-room and breakfast-table to assume their most splendid appearance.
the belief is common among novices that because they are unknown their work is likely to receive little or no consideration from editors.
something was wanted to be written home, and sophy alone could be trusted to write before breakfast in the morning.
but the rich mannot to make any invidious comparisonis always sold to the institution which makes him rich.
later they were called quasi-delictual obligations and they are so designated in the fourfold classification of the institutes.
one curious thing he had noticed, the very first day, in his profession of shoveler of guts; which was the sharp trick of the floor bosses whenever there chanced to come a slunk calf.
you know what i told you about time-servers and wealth-worshippers?
i found thus that i had been a rich man without any damage to my poverty.
what should you--what should i--how much ought i to--what would it be right to pay the waiter, if you please?
i do not want to use a box a second time.
he was a secret-looking man whom i had never seen before.
if he would, i honour and respect him so much, that i think i will have him.
two men stood by the post, naked but for leather aprons and leather hoods over their faces.
you little villain, he cried, you didn't try!
to show the general lightening of toil that it may have caused.
why that, master copperfield, said uriah, is, in fact, the confidence that i am going to take the liberty of reposing.
if i, as a honest tradesman, succeed in providing a jinte of meat or two, none of your not touching of it, and sticking to bread.
sensations are connected with matter in the way that i tried to explain in lecture v, i.e.
poetry and art, and the fairest and most memorable of the actions of men, date from such an hour.
my answering in the affirmative gave him great satisfaction.
a textbook for classes in journalism and in advanced english composition.
this negative side played an important part in the english legislative reform movement in the last century.
thus two correlated appearances in different worlds are not necessarily to be regarded as occurring at the same date in physical time, though they will be parts of one momentary state of a thing.
he drew the bottle near, poured out another glassful of brandy, and drank it off.
for statesmen it is different: they must be thought men of judgment.
perhaps it might be called yellow-pine lake, from the following circumstance.
this distinction is a matter of degree, and must not be pressed; but if not taken too seriously it may help to make the situation clear.
yet now, as we walk through the forest, we are learning to doubt.
the loss, micawber, observed his wife, has been my familys, not yours.
so i would say, how near to good is what is wild!
youll make yourself ill, said miss betsey, and you know that will not be good either for you or for my god-daughter.
there is about him a sense of the splendid austerity of truth--cold but exhilarating.
looked at in this way, the ultimate basis of delictal liability is the social interest in the general security.
she was one of those people who can bear a great deal of pleasure, and she never flinched in her perseverance in the cause.
dont you think, aunt, said i, after some further contemplation of the fire, that you could advise and counsel dora a little, for our mutual advantage, now and then?
if i had been a casual passer-by, i should have probably supposed that some childless person lay dead in it.
to his experienced eye the boy appeared desirable.
the more the difficulty is meditated, the more real it becomes.
was raised and a dozen people came running out of saloons and doorways, a second man's heart failed him and he followed.
which do contemporaries of a subject for biography usually emphasize?
as regards privacy, all images, of whatever sort, belong with the sensations which only give knowledge of our own bodies, i.e.
you will not swear, mr. lorry, that he was not one of them?
i know i am; but while the iron is hot, i can strike it vigorously too.
the pudding at that shop was made of currants, and was rather a special pudding, but was dear, twopennyworth not being larger than a pennyworth of more ordinary pudding.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
i had begun by asking questions, and i was going to rob mrs. joe.
the traveller on the prairie is naturally a hunter, on the head waters of the missouri and columbia a trapper, and at the falls of st. mary a fisherman.
because the account was in her name, it was possible for her to keep this a secret from her husband, and to keep the heartsickness of it for her own.
now, however, he was too ill to notice it--how the people in the car began to gasp and sputter, to put their handkerchiefs to their noses, and transfix him with furious glances.
sooner or later, by this plan, they would have all the floating labor of chicago trained to do their work.
it must be admitted, for the reasons already stated, that logical principles are known to us, and cannot be themselves proved by experience, since all proof presupposes them.
this, however, would be an error--the sort of error that the theory of relativity avoids.
it is especially good in poultry stuffings and meat loaf.
he was drinking, and developing a villainous temper, and he stormed and cursed and raged at his men, and drove them until they were ready to drop with exhaustion.
for a little while, his eye kindled and his voice was firm; for a little while he was again silent.
this is what m. bergson calls the cinematographic representation of reality.
if jurgis so much as raised a hand against them, back he would go into that wild-beast pen from which he had just escaped!
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
i thought he would be more glad if i came upon him with his breakfast, in that unexpected manner, so i went forward softly and touched him on the shoulder.
the nations of the earth whisper to their exiled sons through the voices of the rapids.
scully had accepted the offer, and then gone to the republicans with a proposition.
broken-down tramps and good-for-nothings, fellows who have spent all their money drinking, and want to get more for it.
toward the end of the last century a positivist sociological thinking tended to supersede the metaphysical-historical and the utilitarian-analytical.
dunlap's view is that there is a dualism of subject and object, but that the subject can never become object, and therefore there is no awareness of an awareness.
all kinds of dissimilarity are non-transitive.
seeing in this arrangement the hope of rendering real service in that pressing emergency, miss pross hailed it with joy.
not any superior excellence in them, which, when it exists, exists as the effect, not as the cause; but their remarkable diversity of character and culture.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
when coffee had been served and they were alone together, the nephew, looking at the uncle and meeting the eyes of the face that was like a fine mask, opened a conversation.
the description of him in his surroundings helps the reader to see him as he talks.
they had cast their all into the fight; and they had lost, they had lost!
i opened the door; and at first looked down, to my amazement, on nothing but a great umbrella that appeared to be walking about of itself.
in fact, in spite of difficulties as to measurement, the one all-embracing time still, i think, underlies all that physics has to say about motion.
reference may be made to the appendices to jhering, law as a means to an end, transl.
what does result, not specially from biology, but from all the sciences which deal with what exists, is that we cannot understand the world unless we can understand change and continuity.
he obtained mr. w.s signature under such circumstances to documents of importance, representing them to be other documents of no importance.
the nightingale, the skylark, the cuckoo, move one sort of interest in an ornithologist, and a very different sort in a shelley or a wordsworth.
some of these places were kept by private persons, some were cooperative.
another very frequent connection (though here the exceptions are much more numerous) is between a bodily act and the realisation of the purpose which led to the act.
they gave most generously, that older generation.
though i could almost have consigned her to the mercies of the wind on the topmost pinnacle of the cathedral, without remorse, i made a virtue of necessity, and gave her a friendly salutation.
it does not seem as if this line of inquiry offered much hope of a successful issue.
however much we may admire the orators occasional bursts of eloquence, the noblest written words are commonly as far behind or above the fleeting spoken language as the firmament with its stars is behind the clouds.
as i moved away from them along the terrace, i could not help observing how steadily they both sat gazing on the prospect, and how it thickened and closed around them.
yet in the laws, probably, of every country, this general rule has some exceptions.
if i devote myself to other pursuits and contemplations, i must first see, at least, that i do not pursue them sitting upon another mans shoulders.
those which are away from home do not recognize the ruins of their own hive, and begin to eat.
herbert will go regularly between us, and when the time comes you may be certain i shall be ready.
the great remembrance by which that time is marked in my mind, seems to have swallowed up all lesser recollections, and to exist alone.
somehow, i found that i had taken leave of traddles for the night, and come back to the coffee-house, with a great change in my despondency about him.
miss mills was conversational for a few minutes, and then, laying down her pen upon affections dirge, got up, and left the room.
the day you went away, she said to me, i never shall see my pretty darling again.
at last, to make the matter easier, i went upstairs with her; and having waited outside for a minute, while she said a word of preparation to mr. barkis, presented myself before that invalid.
take mr. pips written order, and pay him twenty pounds.
when you invert your head, it looks like a thread of finest gossamer stretched across the valley, and gleaming against the distant pine woods, separating one stratum of the atmosphere from another.
perception, then, will consist of a present sensation together with expectations of future sensations.
youll find us rough, sir, but youll find us ready.
i have a little ready money; and i agree with you, the best thing we can do, is, to live the term out here, and get a bedroom hard by.
not so much so as you were last time, said i.
there is also a more purely physical association, which is indistinguishable from physical habit.
he seemed to be the only restless thing, except the clocks, in the whole motionless house.
i heard that mr. creakle had turned him out of doors, in consequence; and that mrs. and miss creakle had been in a sad way, ever since.
i never thought of making miss havisham any present.
in short, i had no peace of my life until he was expatriated, and made (as i afterwards heard) a shepherd of, up the country somewhere; i have no geographical idea where.
in this view belief primarily consists merely in the existence of the appropriate images without any counteracting forces.
no, said agnes, quietly pursuing the work on which she was engaged.
why, man alive, she was the admiration of the whole court!
i never used names, but i always managed to identify my persons.
consequently he chooses the two that he thinks most important, and of these places the less important at the beginning and the more important at the end.
we may further suppose that there are an infinite number of such worlds which are in fact unperceived.
no man was ever more honored in the character of his raisers than i.
god help me, i might have been improved for my whole life, i might have been made another creature perhaps, for life, by a kind word at that season.
this form of the argument brings out its force more clearly than burnet's paraphrase.
but, in the end, a compromise was effected; and mrs. crupp consented to achieve this feat, on condition that i dined from home for a fortnight afterwards.
but they yield such respect, numerous as they are, are so far heathen, and need to have a missionary sent to them.
before i go, he said, and paused--i may kiss her?
one of the frenzied aspirations of the populace was, for imitations of the questionable public virtues of antiquity, and for sacrifices and self-immolations on the people's altar.
it was as if a professed unbeliever in ghosts should be frightened by a ghost story.
he made a sudden exchange of the two instruments, and turning on the worm-eaten stool and table, beat them to pieces in a few blows.
sanya pulled her boy by the arm, and went out.
as the patient eyes were lifted to his face, he saw a sudden doubt in them, and then astonishment.
though mainly but a humble route to neighboring villages, or for the woodmans team, it once amused the traveller more than now by its variety, and lingered longer in his memory.
can i be so weak as to imagine that mr. micawber, wielding the rod of talent and of power in australia, will be nothing in england?
they must all, in some sense, partake of a common nature, which will be found in whatever is just and in nothing else.
thus thoughts and feelings, minds and physical objects exist.
i would not be one of those who will foolishly drive a nail into mere lath and plastering; such a deed would keep me awake nights.
he was sure of that and yet there was no question that he had killed the dragon.
this, they said, was the end of legislation.
the ice in the shallowest part was at this time several inches thinner than in the middle.
we were greatly overcome at parting; and if ever, in my life, i have had a void made in my heart, i had one made that day.
also the union made another great difference with him--it made him begin to pay attention to the country.
hastening yellow waters toss a dreary wreckage of torn or ashen leaves, twigs, acorn cups, stranded rafts of bark, and buttonballs from the sycamore, never to come to seed.
when he had said it, he took a culminating pinch of snuff, and put his box in his pocket.
and she had a long white veil dependent from her hair, and she had bridal flowers in her hair, but her hair was white.
in order to understand his argument, it is necessary to understand his use of the word 'idea'.
then they were permitted to take books home with them.
to whom, likewise, the shadows of the night revealed themselves, in the forms their dozing eyes and wandering thoughts suggested.
there is almost no farewell--the dancers do not notice them, and all of the children and many of the old folks have fallen asleep of sheer exhaustion.
i saw the staircase with its extinguished lamps.
sometimes he was almost or quite unable to speak, then he would answer me with slight pressures on my hand, and i grew to understand his meaning very well.
one would think, that a deliberate and practical denial of its authority was the only offence never contemplated by government; else, why has it not assigned its definite, its suitable and proportionate penalty?
he came along early, crossing my bean-field, though without anxiety or haste to get to his work, such as yankees exhibit.
usually this is a minor matter, but it ties up the truck while its puzzled driver tries to locate the trouble.
(c) if one event wholly precedes another, it is not simultaneous with it.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
the surest way to get the reader's attention is to bring the subject home to him personally.
there will be time to find some better place for him in the meanwhile.
all he can claim is, freedom to point out the way.
and our glass box stood before us on the cold oven, as we had left it.
it was past and over, and he was done with it--he would fling it off his shoulders, be free of it, the whole business, that night.
as to miss murdstone, for i had alluded to her in the letter, i respect that ladys vigilance, and feel obliged to her; but she has strict charge to avoid the subject.
it was the turn of the mender of roads to say it this time, after observing these operations.
he was an old man, my servant said, and looked like a farmer.
twice more in all; but, the last spell of work was feeble and fitful.
he thinks you young and innocent; and so you are his friend.
there started up, from the gate, or from the rushes, or from the ooze (which was quite in his stagnant way), old orlick.
words themselves, as we have seen, are sets of similar occurrences of this kind.
a good shop for the latter was in the strand--somewhere in that part which has been rebuilt since.
the next step in our analysis must be the consideration of how the derivative parts of our common knowledge arise.
one of them informed me that he had heard that mr. spenlow ate entirely off plate and china; and another hinted at champagne being constantly on draught, after the usual custom of table-beer.
perhaps i might have been better friends with that poor child your mother, even after your sister betsey trotwood disappointed me.
we are wont to forget that the sun looks on our cultivated fields and on the prairies and forests without distinction.
when those regions afterwards fell under the dominion of mahomedan conquerors, the parsees obtained from them a continuance of indulgence, on condition of refraining from pork.
keys turned, doors clashed, footsteps passed along distant passages: no cry was raised, or hurry made, that seemed unusual.
she had lost his name, and could only signify him by his hammer.
if it were only that people have diversities of taste, that is reason enough for not attempting to shape them all after one model.
he knew of no rock; he saw hardly any danger.
all day long he was figuring to himself.
it was a passionate, loving, thankful, womanly action, but the hand made no response--dropped cold and heavy, and took to its knitting again.
we have to plant it, care for it, and be marked on it.
they would come in crowds and fill themselves with a fine dinner, and then sneak off.
turkish rugs that contain the patterns common to the caucasian and turkoman families can be recognized by their brighter, sharper, and more contrasting colors.
as to time: there is no virtue whatever in slaving for hours over notes that need only a few minutes.
now, the common where i walk with dora is all in bloom, a field of bright gold; and now the unseen heather lies in mounds and bunches underneath a covering of snow.
there is so much work ahead for all of us, for all the scholars of the world.
why should we exaggerate any one kind at the expense of the others?
they contend that it involves not logic only but moral judgments as to particular situations and courses of conduct in view of the special circumstances which are never exactly alike.
it was not opened immediately, in answer to the ringing of the bell, and one of my two conductors struck the man who opened it, with his heavy riding glove, across the face.
as the race evolves, many a convention which recommends itself by its obvious utility to every one passes into an automatic habit like breathing.
he had been known in england as charles darnay.
i escaped to the shore, and i was a hiding among the graves there, envying them as was in em and all over, when i first see my boy!
it is, perhaps, hardly necessary to say that this doctrine is meant to apply only to human beings in the maturity of their faculties.
today we rely largely upon administrative boards and commissions to give legal force to ideas which the law ignores.
(in reference to the historian's macaulayesque periphrases) etc.
but his greatest trials were in the churchyard, which had the appearance of a primeval forest, with a kind of small ecclesiastical wash-house on one side, and a turnpike gate on the other.
otherwise, the governor would escape, and the people's blood (suddenly of some value, after many years of worthlessness) be unavenged.
out at sea, beyond my window, the wind blew ruggedly from the north.
he is of a studious habit, and unusually energetic; he applies himself with great ardour to the acquisition of professional knowledge, to the conducting of experiments, to many things.
i dont understand you, said i. dont you, though?
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
you fall into that habit, and then who notices or minds?
many are under the displeasure of the republic, and must look out at the little window.
your mouth is cut of granite, but our brothers are soft and humble.
nevertheless, it stood through a great many hasty-puddings.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
professional photographers will, as a rule, produce the best results, but amateur writers often hesitate to incur the expense involved, especially when they feel uncertain about selling their articles.
her temper has been soured, remember, and ought not to be tried.
i hinted, after another respectful silence.
now you can write a personal essay that will be enjoyable only if your personality is attractive.
that put it in my head to enter myself as a law student; and that ran away with all that was left of the fifty pounds.
it might be said that this is only one of the results of that tyranny of commonplace which seems to accompany civilization.
first they sang a hymn, and then one of the three, a tall, smooth-shaven man, very thin, and wearing black spectacles, began an address.
ere long the hounds arrived, but here they lost the scent.
it would be no better, if i stopped my most unwilling hand.
everything had its appointed place and its appointed time.
i repeat this conversation exactly as it occurred.
we shall return to this point at a later stage of the discussion.
gentlemen, said her husband, who had kept his bright eye observantly upon her, good day.
those who, while they disapprove of the character and measures of a government, yield to it their allegiance and support, are undoubtedly its most conscientious supporters, and so frequently the most serious obstacles to reform.
i looked for mr. traddles with unusual interest.
after another pause, was your mama well?
it had evidently been a great distress to him, to have the days of his imprisonment recalled.
with this introduction (which greatly affected him), mr. micawber placed his i.o.u.
in the nineteenth century the conception of liability as resting on intention was put in metaphysical rather than ethical form.
recent shipment sold on the deck at high prices.
shown here was another who had never written a word in her life, either in english or in any other language.
the indiffrent believes in storms: since tales of shipwreck encompass him.
in general the historical development of the law of property follows the line thus indicated by analysis.
hence, also, provided certain waves reach the eye, we shall see a certain colour, whether the object from which the waves start has any colour or not.
it is very hard for me to hear her spoken of in that tone of yours, charles darnay.
probably english and french writers may be similarly classified as provincial or not.
but her influence was so quiet that i know no more.
if prints can be obtained from negatives that photographers have taken for other purposes, the cost is so small that a writer can afford to risk the expenditure.
sir, mr. wopsle began to reply, as an englishman myself, i come!
and the verification of deductions from this law by observation of the facts of primitive civilization is not essentially different from the verification of the deductions from the metaphysical fundamental law carried on by the historical jurists.
i had neither the good sense nor the good feeling to know that this was all my fault, and that if i had been easier with joe, joe would have been easier with me.
but withal it is manifestly the duty of a leader to help form a just public opinion.
physicists appear to be unconscious of the gulf, while psychologists, who are conscious of it, have not the mathematical knowledge required for spanning it.
you may tell him so, with my compliments.
best use of a twenty-acre farm near a large city.
i am no more lonely than the loon in the pond that laughs so loud, or than walden pond itself.
i shall tease you, till you let me have my own way about it.
i hurried away a few paces, and called a hackney-chariot which was passing empty.
let our good friend here, assist you on that side.
by these simple means the danger of losing a page in the editorial offices is reduced to a minimum.
instead of a single question, several may be asked in succession.
his world may never be bathed in sunshine, but he may learn to admire the beauties of nature as translated from light into music.
industrialism and organization are constantly forcing civilized nations to live more and more by purpose rather than impulse.
she asked me, again pointing with her stick; that, where those cobwebs are?
said the messenger, harping on one theme as he rode.
he was moving softly to the door, when, in a forlorn hope of saying something naturally--which i never could, to this man--i said: oh!
the billet fell as he spoke, and he threw it into a basket.
state industrial commissions publish reports that furnish valuable material on industrial accidents, working-men's insurance, sanitary conditions in factories, and the health of workers.
i blushed at the idea, and begged him, in my modesty, not to think of it.
my dream was out; my wild fancy was surpassed by sober reality; miss havisham was going to make my fortune on a grand scale.
as to a fish-kittle, mrs. crupp said, well!
i told her yes, because it was so like herself.
i am going to have a baby--i am getting ugly.
both the delicacy of touch and the chatty, personal tone that characterize the work of many young women, are well suited to numerous topics.
she presently revived, however, and was really pleased to see me.
where are the deep theories and the wise axioms and the everlasting sentiments which the writers of the most influential publication in the world have been the first to communicate to an ignorant species?
the stove not only took up room and scented the house, but it concealed the fire, and i felt as if i had lost a companion.
whenever that undecided prince had to ask a question or state a doubt, the public helped him out with it.
in such cases you will make use of what is called appreciative criticism.
the mere analysis of the facts in a criminal trial often settles the case, so great is the emotional appeal.
one of the last of the philosophers,connecticut gave him to the world,he peddled first her wares, afterwards, as he declares, his brains.
in the drawing-room, there was the mother knitting and watching again.
it is my dear, dear, little wife beside me, whom i love so well!
but since the belief already exists, he will be very hospitable to any reason that suggests itself.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
if theres been any fault at all to-day, its mine.
when i had got without i asked for a drink, hoping to get a sight of the well bottom, to complete my survey of the premises; but there, alas!
did the man run away, dolt, when we stopped for the drag?
but i had infinite satisfaction in being so closely engaged, and never walked slowly on any account, and felt enthusiastically that the more i tired myself, the more i was doing to deserve dora.
scores of words may be saved, and clearer, more vivid impressions may be given, by the judicious use of figures of speech.
david, he said, making his lips thin, by pressing them together, if i have an obstinate horse or dog to deal with, what do you think i do?
these alders loomed through the mist at regular intervals as you walked half way round the pond.
and all of us who throw the searchlight of truth on it--dangerous theorists!
good-by, jurgis, he said, and the other noticed that he walked unsteadily as he passed out of sight.
for there is almost as much clotted nonsense written about literature as there is about theology.
this was so much her normal state, that joe and i would often, for weeks together, be, as to our fingers, like monumental crusaders as to their legs.
we looked forward to the day when i should go out for a ride, as we had once looked forward to the day of my apprenticeship.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
let him ware them, when no man cant find a rag of his dear relations clothes, nor yet a bone of his body.
when the day came round for my return to the scene of the deed of violence, my terrors reached their height.
meantime, of course, policemen were coming on a run, and as a crowd gathered other police got excited and sent in a riot call.
it is equally the business of education to cultivate both.
better here than in the streets, said my aunt.
after we had jogged on for some little time, i asked the carrier if he was going all the way.
with the awe comes a disquieting thought.
we were so ashamed of our attempts at thrift that they came hard.
next morning i met the whole family at the coach office, and saw them, with a desolate heart, take their places outside, at the back.
thus our definition of instants secures all that mathematics requires, without having to assume the existence of any disputable metaphysical entities.
i answered, pretty well, sir, and my sister shook her fist at me.
here then men saluted one another, and heard and told the news, and went their ways again.
you say again you are quite sure that it was the prisoner?
victor, with law as his vision, crossed the famous old straits of messina from his island home and went to naples to study in the law school there.
and unless i deceive myself on a point where my interests or prepossessions are certainly not concerned, i saw that mr. and mrs.
i did what little could be done to assist that opportunity, and by-and-bye she sank into a lethargy, and lay like the dead.
my stripes were sore and stiff, and made me cry afresh, when i moved; but they were nothing to the guilt i felt.
there is no difference in the way you buy your food.
moreover, with wisdom we shall learn liberality.
and do you defend her, matthew, said mrs. pocket, for making mischief?
this sight reminded me of falconry and what nobleness and poetry are associated with that sport.
but as it appears from the course you take with me he has changed his mind, why theres no more to be said, except that the sooner i am off, the better.
no sooner does reynolds begin painting, after he has formulated the laws of his art and stated them with decision, than he violates them all.
i said, at the moment, that i understood you, and you see i did.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
yet estella was so inseparable from all my restlessness and disquiet of mind, that i really fell into confusion as to the limits of my own part in its production.
it was to see my native village in the light of the middle ages, and our concord was turned into a rhine stream, and visions of knights and castles passed before me.
truth of a modest sort i can promise you, and also sincerity.
mysterious backs and ends of houses peeped at them as they talked, and the plane-tree whispered to them in its own way above their heads.
and she's out about six francs for firewood, too--i wish to god i had the money to pay her.
now ill tell you something more, wolf, and this ends it.
terms moderate, and could be taken for a month only, if required.
youd like to know whether i stop her hair from falling off, or dye it, or touch up her complexion, or improve her eyebrows, wouldnt you?
im a going to seek my niece through the wureld.
i know a certain weather-cock which has the pessimistic habit of always pointing to the north-east.
the moral rigor of the nightly setting-up exercises.
i took her to the sign of the exquisite, and treated her with an elopement, her names emily, and she lives in the east?
the chinese colors are probably best described as the lighter and softer colors of silk--dull yellows, rose, salmon red, browns, and tans, the design usually being blue.
but you must subordinate any such cheap desire, must write with the restraint that comes from seeing your hero steady and seeing him whole.
i opened my eyes in the night, and i saw, in the great chair at the bedside, joe.
at the same time, the thin straight lines of the setting of the eyes, and the thin straight lips, and the markings in the nose, curved with a sarcasm that looked handsomely diabolic.
this took two strips of wood about one and a half by two inches.
this early and excessive use of coffee, tea, alcohol, and tobacco is especially deleterious in its action upon the nervous system of those very ones who are most prone to go to excess in their use.
do these well-meaning but spinster teachers know the symptoms of tonsilitis, the first signs of a bilious attack, or the peculiarities of a spoiled girl's diet?
doent i want you more now, than ever i did?
this was a savage witticism the men had, which jurgis had to have explained to him.
most striking of all is the behavior of all these when they face the necessity of playing against the handicap of past mistakes; a wrong move may never be retracted by the thoroughbred.
no j. d. weeping bitterly, and inconsolable.
the presidency of the united states (as changed by mr. wilson's procedure with congress).
the butler had paused below but a few minutes to give orders, and then followed them; now he pressed a button, and the hall blazed with light.
i went with her, said stanislovas, but miss henderson wouldn't take her back.
mrs. joe was going to break out, but joe went on.
i do not assert that anything better is compatible, as a general rule, with the present low state of the human mind.
the banker bit off the end of another cigar and retired once again to the club car.
the traveller does not often look into such a limpid well.
this is a constructive piece of work for women to undertake.
its a dreadful thing to gape, but i must do something.
biddy, said i, when i gave her my hand at parting, i am not angry, but i am hurt.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
he would begin to serve your guests out of a keg that was half full, and finish with one that was half empty, and then you would be charged for two kegs of beer.
for our path in life, my dora, said i, warming with the subject, is stony and rugged now, and it rests with us to smooth it.
just how these three operate to determine the cast of the writing we shall now attempt to discover.
there are always some men, though, who are moved only by the big, noisy things of life.
but jurgis was too ill to think of drinking--he could only make his way to the street and stagger on to a car.
that he was utterly helpless, and had no means of keeping himself alive in the meantime, was something which did not concern the hospital authorities, nor any one else in the city.
so, if the logic of the subject has imperious demands, the controlling purpose must make count of them.
said joe, drawing his shoeing-stool near the forge.
but then, this was a very unusual sort of a baby.
sister clarissa, said miss lavinia, the rest is with you.
politicians, as has been said, live in the repute of the commonalty.
for the state of nature, let us remember, was a state which expressed the ideal of man as a rational creature.
death is nature's remedy for all things, and why not legislation's?
if a clerk wanted his salary raised, mr. jorkins wouldnt listen to such a proposition.
in a very little while he took his hand away and put it on his breast, and went on with his story.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
macbeth speaks of-- that suggestion whose horrid image doth unfix my hair and make my seated heart knock at my ribs against the use of nature.
i thought, feeling my heart shoot as i identified him.
but for my great respect for your sister, i might not have led up so pleasantly to a little proposal that i wish to make for our mutual satisfaction.
there was a most irritating end to every one of these debates.
though no absolutely sharp line can be drawn between kinds of criticism, we may treat of three that are fairly distinct: the historical method, the method by standards, and the appreciative.
on a steaming, misty afternoon, mr. lorry sat at his desk, and charles darnay stood leaning on it, talking with him in a low voice.
he maintains that our knowledge of ourselves is no different in kind from our knowledge of other people.
i had been looking round,in fact, for estella,and i stammered that i hoped she was well.
i have seen it, herbert, and dreamed of it, ever since the fatal night of his arrival.
thus logical knowledge is not derivable from experience alone, and the empiricist's philosophy can therefore not be accepted in its entirety, in spite of its excellence in many matters which lie outside logic.
by that time the patient ingenuity of inventors and engineers will have found the means to run the gyroscopes at a greater speed than is now possible, thus rendering it feasible to use a smaller wheel.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
if the impulse is weak, foresight may conquer; this is what is called acting on reason.
that, therefore, which when absent, it is so indispensable, but so difficult, to create, how worse than absurd is it to forego, when spontaneously offering itself!
it does happen unfortunately, said mr. wickfield.
she asks me, here, if i think i should like to be a proctor?
the rays which stream through the shutter will be no longer remembered when the shutter is wholly removed.
i married that lady, said the doctor, when she was extremely young.
did that other creature come to the same end?
its of not a bit of use, said dora, shaking her head, until the ear-rings rang again.
it does not take a long time, said madame, for an earthquake to swallow a town.
to picture the great potato-planting machine, drawn by four horses, or an electric motor, ploughing the furrow, cutting and dropping and covering the potatoes, and planting a score of acres a day!
said i, flushed with the possible dignity of living in chambers.
i repair to the enchanted house, where there are lights, chattering, music, flowers, officers (i am sorry to see), and the eldest miss larkins, a blaze of beauty.
there was something in its touch that gave lucie a check.
'see, gentlemen,' said i, still keeping my hands upon her breast, 'how useless i am, as you have brought me!
i had forgotten that, herbert, but i remember it now you speak of it.
for answer he repeated, without any change of emphasis, the words: do you know me?
then, the ends of the torches were flung hissing into the water, and went out, as if it were all over with him.
desirable locations are harder to find nowadays and much more expensive to purchase.
then--one night it snowed, and i couldn't get back.
please god, i will be as true to you as you have been to me!
o. henry could not have given us less--or more.
she had adopted estella, she had as good as adopted me, and it could not fail to be her intention to bring us together.
for this once your two hours of sleep have been as effective as nine.
if they do, it is more to their own peril, i believe, than to other peoples.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
it occurred to me then, and as i afterwards found to herbert also, that he might be best got away across the water, on that pretence,as, to make purchases, or the like.
there has been a violent stress in one direction, and it needs a counterweight.
more than one text is at hand which might apply; more than one rule is potentially applicable, and the parties are contending which shall be made the basis of a decision.
we were all deeply persuaded that the unfortunate wopsle had gone too far, and had better stop in his reckless career while there was yet time.
at the old lodgings it was understood that he was summoned to dover, and, in fact, he was taken down the dover road and cornered out of it.
of course it was left to her unconditionally.
jurists began to think in terms of human wants or desires rather than of human wills.
when jane murdstone meets, i say, he went on, after waiting until my mother was silent, with a base return, that feeling of mine is chilled and altered.
it was a hot, wild night, and they were all three reminded of the old sunday night when they had looked at the lightning from the same place.
his health is ever good, his lungs are sound, his spirits never flag.
they stood still as a stone, and they looked straight upon us, straight into our eyes.
is it to be hinted to me that i am wanting in affection for my precious treasure, the dearest little fellow that ever was!
she makes her points with a directness and simplicity that should disarm even the diplomatic suavity of uncle sam when he meets her in washington.
she got out: and as soon as she was out of sight on the side street jurgis broke into a run.
nor is there anything which tends more to discredit and frustrate the better means of influencing conduct, than a resort to the worse.
it appeared that this house contained four rooms, besides a basement, and that it might be bought for fifteen hundred dollars, the lot and all.
captain hopkins lent me the knife and fork, with his compliments to mr. micawber.
many inexperienced writers overlook the possibilities of what they themselves have done and are doing.
and so all over the world two classes were forming, with an unbridged chasm between them--the capitalist class, with its enormous fortunes, and the proletariat, bound into slavery by unseen chains.
then what on earth is your meaning, mr. lorry?
the younger brother impatiently rejoined, 'with twelve o'clock?'
he went round to the coach office, at my request, and took the box-seat for me on the mail.
jurgis was like a boy, a boy from the country.
shouted with perseverance, with ardor, with conviction, these two by their sound alone have set whole nations in motion and upheaved the dry, hard ground on which rests our whole social fabric.
its abiding place was in all things fitted to it.
his family express themselves with superfluous vigor.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
this is the answer to the question: when do two collections have the same number of terms?
i might possibly invent some excuse for them and him, but i have no time for it.
it had been matter of conversation with agnes when she was last in town, and this visit was the result.
if the house, and every one of us, had tumbled out into the river together, i could hardly have received a greater shock.
if i found out the nearest proper authorities, and offered myself to go for a soldier, or a sailor, i was such a little fellow that it was most likely they wouldnt take me in.
but he never justified himself by a hint tending that way, or tried to bend the past out of its eternal shape.
thus, although we shall derive points and instants from things, we shall leave the bare possibility open that they may also have an independent existence as simple entities.
she then sat down on the stairs a few moments to breathe and to cry, and then got up and hurried away.
i infer, glancing at his hands again, in the resumption of some old pursuit connected with the shock?
do not shut me out of what concerns your happiness so nearly!
only in this way will he clarify in his mind his reason for writing on the proposed topic and the object to be attained.
i was at the coach office to take leave of her and see her go; and there was he, returning to canterbury by the same conveyance.
my left arm, though it presented no bad symptoms, took, in the natural course, so long to heal that i was still unable to get a coat on.
to-night, said the man, putting the pipe in his mouth.
as i said to you when i first came, i had better not see her.
i morbidly represented to myself that if joe knew it, i never afterwards could see him at the fireside feeling his fair whisker, without thinking that he was meditating on it.
i so shaped out my walk as to arrive at the gate at my old time.
but the differentials, having local territory to serve, as well as on account of some other reasons, must maintain a sleeping-car service--even at a loss.
every other deprivation seemed comparatively easy or amusing.
his 'methodical doubt' consisted in doubting whatever seemed doubtful; in pausing, with each apparent piece of knowledge, to ask himself whether, on reflection, he could feel certain that he really knew it.
when the writer has said what he wishes to say, he blithely ceases, and leaves the work to the reader.
i hid my tears in the bedclothes, and pressed her from me with my hand, when she would have raised me up.
ten minutes later a young lathe operator reported to beggs.
the first paragraphs usually determine whether or not he goes any further.
they come and they go, and they dont come and they dont go, just as they like.
the guests form a great ring, locking hands, and, when the music starts up, begin to move around in a circle.
* * debate with no man hast thou, with questions art never perplexed, as tame at the first sight as now, in thy plain russet gabardine dressed.
he appears to migrate westward daily, and tempt us to follow him.
in like manner, when a person disables himself, by conduct purely self-regarding, from the performance of some definite duty incumbent on him to the public, he is guilty of a social offence.
it was the first time she had ever called me by my name.
can i not recall you--forgive me again!--to a better course?
also, i see that their long shadows are on the hollow ridge on the opposite side of the road, and are on the hill above it, and are like the shadows of giants.
we should be as good as the worthies of antiquity, but partly by first knowing how good they were.
she was dressed in rich materials,satins, and lace, and silks,all of white.
that i was ashamed to tell him exactly how i was placed, and what i had come down to, i do not seek to conceal; but i hope my reluctance was not quite an unworthy one.
this was at the expiration of about six weeks.
their fidelity and sagacity are below par now.
there were some who had both their arms bound tightly to their sides, and padded stumps in their sleeves, and a sick child hired to carry a cup for them.
while you are planting the seed, he cries,drop it, drop it,cover it up, cover it up,pull it up, pull it up, pull it up.
such a conception met the needs of the strict law.
and the clergyman came to so gloomy a pause upon it, that i had doubts for the moment whether we should get completely married that day.
it avoids the invertebrate flow of thought that is unaware of structure.
the energy expended in that may still be regarded as considerable.
this does not mean that all anecdotes are of value for expository biography; only those which are truly in the stream of personality, which help to establish either the type or the individual.
if you take me from here, i think i shall die by the way.
have you observed any gradual alteration in papa?
i called to mind that the clerk had the same air of knowing something to everybody elses disadvantage, as his master had.
as it was, i thought as little of it as i might.
but she is such an extraordinarily dear girl herself, that its possible she may have imparted something of those virtues to me.
don't be a moment behind them, for i want you to take the verdict back to the bank.
i exclaimed, stopping--for this was the first i had heard of it.
to us, the discovery of this fact is the chief claim of pythagoras to immortality, while his system has become a matter of merely historical curiosity.
the tupper bungalow is neat and attractive.
i fell asleep in her arms, after that, and slept soundly.
but johnny, who was a fairly impetuous youth, did not stop to read the footnote at the end which warned against working near a fire.
you have seen both dolls and birds to-day, said madame defarge, with a wave of her hand towards the place where they had last been apparent; now, go home!
as it turned out we began our wedded life quite luxuriously.
i believe there never was anybody with such an imperturbable countenance when she chose.
hence the narrative and descriptive devices of fiction are employed advantageously to supplement expository methods.
this view allows for the fact that sensations may reach any degree of faintness--e.g.
i have little doubt he would have preferred such an employment in his heart to all others.
the door of the doctor's room opened, and he came out with charles darnay.
they lived in rensselaer until doctor frazer's death, when the mother and younger son moved to the general canby farm.
she did not know that the girl was dead.
he had nearly three hundred dollars in the bank, and might have considered himself entitled to a vacation; but he had an easy job, and force of habit kept him at it.
then determine what qualities the subject has that indicate how such a classification can be made interesting, either by material or treatment.
most behave as if they believed that their prospects for life would be ruined if they should do it.
because of the importance of the introduction, the writer should familiarize himself with the different kinds of beginnings, and should study them from the point of view of their suitability for various types of articles.
during my service as society reporter i learned much, so much that i am convinced there is no work in the smaller towns better suited to women.
here, again, we shall find a similar point as regards true memory; and in connection with true memory we will consider the point again.
once received, it is a haunting idea; how many undesigning persons i suspected of watching me, it would be hard to calculate.
it is all the same, said the spy, airily, but discomfited too: good day!
dont you think that any secret course is an unworthy one?
from the accumulated sadness into which i fell, i had at length no hope of ever issuing again.
thousands of them came to chicago answering advertisements for servants and factory hands, and found themselves trapped by fake employment agencies, and locked up in a bawdy-house.
before science had learned to recognize the tiny enemies which infest drinking water, typhoid and kindred diseases were regarded as a visitation of divine providence for the sins of a people.
love must suffer in this stern world; it ever had been so, it ever would be so.
any pessimistic touches in their narrative cannot be laid at the door of failure.
in no other way can he move the reader's mind and heart as he wishes to.
i found the linotype operator eager to show me how his machine works, and the foreman was glad to take me around and instruct me in his department and also in the pressroom.
why, said he, they accuse me of burning a barn; but i never did it.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
i have no doubt that it is, word for word, the same.
i had no difficulty in deducing from your unreserved conversation, and the rumour openly going about among your admirers, the nature of your calling.
on the contrary, it creates an anarchist--or at least a socialist--down under that black skin.
was it a selfish error that was leading me away?
change, therefore, must involve relations and complexity, and must demand analysis.
being sent to jail had apparently not disturbed his cheerfulness; he had done time twice before, it seemed, and he took it all with a frolic welcome.
but he was greatest of all, perhaps, in the articles of string and straw; with which we were all persuaded he could do anything that could be done by hands.
tomorrow, jurgis said, when they were left alone, tomorrow i will get a job, and perhaps jonas will get one also; and then we can get a place of our own.
i was so fresh and lively myself, in the pleasure of being there, that i could have stopped the people in the streets and shaken hands with them.
the headmaster offered him a match, but he produced one of his own and began to puff away with a dexterity which quite amazed the principal.
easily, with a few convulsive quirks, they give up their watery ghosts, like a mortal translated before his time to the thin air of heaven.
our moulting season, like that of the fowls, must be a crisis in our lives.
he was to be told (said monseigneur) that supper awaited him then and there, and that he was prayed to come to it.
in either event the ultimate basis is taken to be the nature of man as a rational creature, expressed in a natural principle of control of things through occupation or in an original contract providing for such ownership.
do try him, if it is only for old acquaintance sake.
nothing was said in answer, but she heard a low hammering sound in his bedroom.
he smiled, and i understood his touch to mean that he wished to lift my hand, and lay it on his breast.
i want to see the people about whom i am writing, and live with them.
assuming that there is physical space, and that it does thus correspond to private spaces, what can we know about it?
both became overshadowed by a new and indefinable horror; and when i awoke--or rather when i shook off the lethargy that bound me in my chair--my whole frame thrilled with objectless and unintelligible fear.
startop had been spoilt by a weak mother and kept at home when he ought to have been at school, but he was devotedly attached to her, and admired her beyond measure.
worse quarters than defarge's wine-shop, could easily have been found in paris for a provincial slave of that degree.
i would have withdrawn, but the doctor made a gesture to detain me, and i remained.
if a dispute over breach of an agreement led to an assault and a breach of the peace, tribunals might be called on to act.
that all the boys were at their several homes.
here is a gentleman in mr. traddless apartment, whom he wishes to have the pleasure of presenting to you, my love!
i hope uncle pumblechooks mare maynt have set a forefoot on a piece o ice, and gone down.
and there were things even stranger than this, according to the gossip of the men.
to what extent are narration and description used for expository purposes?
each of these types of sentence has its own peculiar advantages.
two or three public-rooms opened out of the stable-yard; and looking into one of them, and finding it empty, and a good fire burning, i took him in there.
it had begun on monday, and here was wednesday come.
and yet, how could she say so--what excuse could she give?
i knew my aunt sufficiently well to know that she had something of importance on her mind, and that there was far more matter in this arrival than a stranger might have supposed.
if i couldnt bear her, why didnt i send her away to her aunts at putney, or to julia mills in india?
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
this mode of thinking may be seen, concealed under different terminologies, in more than one type of jurist in the last three decades.
is there no chance person who might identify you in the street?
you with an old father, and you with pleasant and playful ways?
then i bethought me of a crutch, the shape being much the same, and i borrowed one in the village, and displayed it to my sister with considerable confidence.
of course the babylonians became interested in persian rugs and appropriated some of their patterns.
all our conduct is based upon associations which have worked in the past, and which we therefore regard as likely to work in the future; and this likelihood is dependent for its validity upon the inductive principle.
the death close before me was terrible, but far more terrible than death was the dread of being misremembered after death.
i took the indentures out of his hand and gave them to miss havisham.
he learned to find his way about and to take all the miracles and terrors for granted, to work without hearing the rumbling and crashing.
but, that circumstance too, had had its influence in his course.
the view of belief which i have been advocating contains little that is novel except the distinction of kinds of belief-feeling--such as memory and expectation.
the second blow stopped the first, and for a second we felt nothing, then the pain struck us in our throat and fire ran in our lungs without air.
when miss havisham done the handsome thing by you, she called me back to say to me as that were all.
in him the animal man chiefly was developed.
it must be done, as i may say, on the sly.
he was a thousand times better informed and cleverer than wemmick, and yet i would a thousand times rather have had wemmick to dinner.
these are some outstanding features of the service rendered its farmers by the niagara bureau.
i therefore sat down in my room, before going to bed, and wrote to her.
it seemed as if every time you met a person from a new department, you heard of new swindles and new crimes.
you little thought you was to be refreshment beneath this humble roof for one ascall it a weakness, if you will, said mr. pumblechook, getting up again, but may i?
devilish little fingers they were, sanya's.
she made a great point of being so near the river, in case of a conflagration; and i suppose really did find some satisfaction in that circumstance.
miss dartle played backgammon as eagerly as she did everything else.
there is no help for you in any action on your part to-night; you cannot possibly stir out.
the nearest approach to a market was a shelter for teams which the local food dealers had rented.
this is a dreary view, and they there fore seek ways of escaping from it.
goldsmith seized the propitious moment of returning good-humor, when he put down the candle and began to conjure.
all that you have given me, is at your command to have again.
but now, suddenly, i am reconciled to autumn.
i determined to go into business at once, and not wait to acquire the usual capital, using such slender means as i had already got.
perhaps because i couldnt see you, and not love you, dora!
it was very aggravating; but, throughout the interview, joe persisted in addressing me instead of miss havisham.
little emly had overcome her shyness, and was sitting by my side upon the lowest and least of the lockers, which was just large enough for us two, and just fitted into the chimney corner.
undoubtedly i was a fellow citizen, and george washington was another.
never before had he driven a head for anything like the same distance.
with my heart beating like a heavy hammer of disordered action, i rose out of my chair, and stood with my hand upon the back of it, looking wildly at him.
rhetorical questions, although the equivalent of affirmative or negative statements, nevertheless retain enough of their interrogative effect to be used advantageously for the beginning of an article.
the orator had been the head of the city's relief bureau in the stockyards, until the sight of misery and corruption had made him sick.
cried camilla, whose fermenting feelings appeared to rise from her legs to her bosom.
it is clear that the objective reference of a belief is, in general, in some way derivative from the meanings of the words or images that occur in its content.
my dear daisy, said steerforth, laughing.
government reports are filled with valuable information that remains quite unknown to the average reader unless newspapers and magazines unearth it and present it in popular form.
what happened in his imagination was obviously something like this: starting from the present and going backwards in time, we have, if the world had no beginning, an infinite series of events.
i am doubtful, said mr. cruncher, hesitating and shaking his head, about leaving of you, you see.
well, the reverend horace did, said traddles.
on the very day when i last saw him, said i, he told me that he had, and that his affairs were long since settled.
it might be true that, strive as he would, toil as he would, he might fail, and go down and be destroyed!
but there is only one perspective-space, whose elements are single perspectives, each with its own private space.
he remains, to a certain extent, a figure behind the veil; a suspected rather than a seen presence--a movement and a voice behind the draperies of fiction.
most fortunately, at this juncture, elzbieta got the long-awaited chance to go at five o'clock in the morning and help scrub the office floors of one of the packers.
as a quick and inexpensive method of adding to the number of rooms in one's house, the making of a burlap room is without an equal.
i got away from agnes and her father, somehow, with an indifferent show of being very manly, and took my seat upon the box of the london coach.
noise there still is, but the movement is arrested.
calm in storm doctor manette did not return until the morning of the fourth day of his absence.
he sat trembling; waiting-- and then suddenly came a voice in his ear, a woman's voice, gentle and sweet, if you would try to listen, comrade, perhaps you would be interested.
jurgis was vexed when the cynical jokubas translated these signs with sarcastic comments, offering to take them to the secret rooms where the spoiled meats went to be doctored.
no philosophy is tolerated which sets bounds to man's capacity of gratifying his wishes; and thus the very despair of theory is invoked to silence every whisper of doubt as regards the possibilities of practical achievement.
the inspector, with the aid of daily telegraphic weather reports and through constant inspection of the criterion orchards, decided when the hour struck for the most effective spraying of these orchards.
what main topics are taken up in the article?
it is a law of tendency, not a precise and invariable law such as those of physics aim at being.
there is fear hanging in the air of the sleeping halls, and in the air of the streets.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
examples, incidents, statistics, and other particulars he jots down under each of the chief heads.
'gentlemen,' said i, 'pardon me; but i usually inquire who does me the honour to seek my assistance, and what is the nature of the case to which i am summoned.'
carl loved his alma mater with a passion i sometimes failed to understand; but he could not afford to remain faithful to her forever on vague promises of future favor.
for my part, they are too big for bed-fellows.
saraband--palm leaf or india shawl design on rose or blue ground.
we showed charts of the farm-management records.
hence in the great majority of cases the promisee cannot compel performance in specie.
he offered these friendly suggestions in such a lively way, that we both laughed and i scarcely blushed.
his head was all on one side, and one of his eyes was half shut up, as if he were taking aim at something with an invisible gun.
mr. micawber extended his hand to each of us in succession, and then covered his face with his pocket-handkerchief, which i think had more snuff upon it than he was aware of.
grouping and ordering require concentration in reading or listening--but there is no harm in that.
when a man falls from a precipice or slips on a piece of orange peel, his body behaves as if it were devoid of life.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
there needs no stronger proof of immortality.
now i want somehow to help him to a beginning.
no doubt, many of my townsmen have met me returning from this enterprise, farmers starting for boston in the twilight, or woodchoppers going to their work.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
her bosom rose and fell as she breathed, and her excitement seemed to mount higher and higher, and then to sink away again, like a boat tossing upon ocean surges.
(there never was anything so coaxing as her childish ways.)
his controlling purpose is to make the reader believe that every profession offers large chance for the conscientious man to be of use to the political government.
the abdomen under the wings of the butterfly still represents the larva.
take for example a piece of reasoning in geometry.
why then, said the turnkey, grinning again, he knows what mr. jaggers is.
(my aunt always excused any weakness of her own in my behalf, by transferring it in this way to my poor mother.)
and let me sit and listen as i used to do.
for instance, an infinite number is not increased by adding one to it, or by doubling it.
i shall be delighted, said mr. dick, to be the guardian of davids son.
it was a call for a hundred laborers, and though he thought it was a fake, he went because the place was near by.
we know not what this power is nor whence it comes.
that way i looked between and over the near green hills to some distant and higher ones in the horizon, tinged with blue.
why, dewey--this' my fren', mr. rednose--ole fren' the guv'ner's!
my instructions are, copperfield, to put this placard on your back.
vot is de reason a big man like you has got only a dollar und a quarter?
then it was that the initiative of a well-trained pullman porter came into play.
those same stars twinkle over other fields than these.but how to come out of this condition and actually migrate thither?
mr. lorry handed him a paper through the throng.
if the impulse is strong, either foresight will be falsified, and the disagreeable consequences will be forgotten, or, in men of heroic mold, the consequences may be recklessly accepted.
i should like to see such a parliament anywhere else!
i thought it was very strange that she should ask me, and answered, nothing.
to any one the terrible storm in the harbor of apia, when ships were wrecked like straws and lives were spilled out by scores, would offer material because of the horror of the events.
you had better stop him, copperfield, if you can, cried uriah, with his long forefinger pointing towards me.
all nature is your congratulation, and you have cause momentarily to bless yourself.
truths of perception and some of the principles of logic have the very highest degree of self-evidence; truths of immediate memory have an almost equally high degree.
but, when i had secured my box-place by to-morrows coach, and had been down to mr.
it lay heavier on my breast than if i had been a most atrocious criminal, i dare say.
so i put them round his neck, and she laid her head down on his shoulder quite content and satisfied.
but it is, once more, only a book for those who have the gift of reading.
it was but a day gone, and joe had brought the tears into my eyes; they had soon dried, god forgive me!
well then, cried miss mowcher, ill consent to live.
there are an enormous number of these blocks to be removed from under a big ship, and the operation takes considerable time.
all this time mrs. joe and joe were briskly clearing the table for the pie and pudding.
my patient died, two hours before midnight--at a time, by my watch, answering almost to the minute when i had first seen her.
all of their sausage came out of the same bowl, but when they came to wrap it they would stamp some of it special, and for this they would charge two cents more a pound.
before the words were well out of his mouth.
no annie was there; and when they called to her, no annie replied.
my guardian lay at the boar in the next room to mine.
most men, for example, have in their nature meannesses, vanities, and envies of which they are quite unconscious, though even their best friends can perceive them without any difficulty.
state also how you expect to make the theme interesting.
pockets dignity was so crushing, that i felt quite abashed, as if i myself had done something to rouse it.
for there is no longer any doubt about it: i have arrived.
szedvilas told him that the packers did not even keep the men who had grown old in their own service--to say nothing of taking on new ones.
it was a sweltering day in july, and the place ran with steaming hot blood--one waded in it on the floor.
to begin with, he would have to go to the yards and work, and he mightn't relish that; but he would have what he earned, as well as the rest that came to him.
i submitted; and, with a countenance as expressive as i was able to make it of dejected and despairing constancy, came out of the room.
among the countless popes who one by one were adored as the regent of heaven upon earth, how many persons can to-day distinguish?
on the last night, in the evening, she kissed me, and said: if my baby should die too, peggotty, please let them lay him in my arms, and bury us together.
i have thowt of it oftentimes, but i cant awize myself of it, no matters.
in short, you are provided for, observed his sister; and will please to do your duty.
two strips were nailed to the rafters in positions similar to those on the floor, and then an upright strip was inserted and nailed fast at intervals of every three feet.
but i reflected that yarmouth might be situated at one of the poles; which would account for it.
everybody we had anything to do with seemed to cheat us.
another roar, with a prolonged shake at the end.
thats the state of the case, for that much ive seen myself.
now this you cannot do by thrusting in extraneous matter to leaven the lump.
if we start from the objective theory it breaks down.
had he done so, where would now have been the power and the charm?
the last number named in this process is the number of the objects, and therefore counting is a method of finding out what the number of the objects is.
what shall i learn of beans or beans of me?
you are free from that misfortune, however.
here, another gentleman asked, with extreme anxiety: are you quite comfortable?
mr. firkins suggests the obvious but satisfying answer--new york itself is his triumph.
an article on fire prevention, for instance, is appropriate for the month of october just before the day set aside for calling attention to fires caused by carelessness.
he will give you almost as many men as you like at draughts, and beat you easily.
the supposed inconsistency of these two springs from the habit of conceiving causes as analogous to volitions--a habit which often survives unconsciously in those who intend to conceive causes in a more scientific manner.
gentlemen, said mr. jaggers, deliberately putting down the glass, and hauling out his gold repeater by its massive chain, i am exceedingly sorry to announce that its half past nine.
mrs. pocket was sitting on a garden chair under a tree, reading, with her legs upon another garden chair; and mrs.
the woman was mrs. william k. vanderbilt, jr.
for the present, i am still concerned with primitive desire, as it exists in man, but in the form in which man shows his affinity to his animal ancestors.
but he respected it only because it enabled him, without bestirring himself about his bread and butter, to sit quietly in his rooms at clifford's inn and invent attacks on every other form of orthodoxy.
perhaps it is true that the regular hack work of the ordinary newspaper man is the best training for the scribe of war.
but it was soon recognized that in negligence we have a principle of liability dependent upon a standard, not a tort to be ranged alongside of assault or imprisonment.
the state as a corporation does not own a river as it owns the furniture in the state house.
man has developed out of the animals, and there is no serious gap between him and the amoeba.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
and so you shall, my darling--when i tell you!
i thus warmed myself by the still glowing embers which the summer, like a departed hunter, had left.
these two are often said to be combined into a unity by the fact of cognition; hence when this unity is plainly absent, it may seem as if there were no genuine cognition.
i said i believed it happened in the year sixteen hundred and forty-nine.
mr bradley has worked out a theory according to which, in all judgment, we are ascribing a predicate to reality as a whole; and this theory is derived from hegel.
sir, said the nephew, we have done wrong, and are reaping the fruits of wrong.
is the material so arranged that the average reader will reach the conclusion that the writer intended to have him reach?
lentils and haricots are not merely insipid; frequent use of them causes something like nausea.
he sat in a dance hall with jurgis and halloran until one or two in the morning, exchanging experiences.
they are both right and wrong, as we are probably both right and wrong about them.
the walls and ceilings are spotless from constant applications of whitewash, ventilation is scientifically arranged, doors and windows are screened against the flies.
one of these men told jurgis that he had sharpened three thousand pieces of steel a day for thirteen years.
then, all the children laughed, and mr. pocket (who in the meantime had twice endeavored to lift himself up by the hair) laughed, and we all laughed and were glad.
it was still early morning, and everything was at its high tide of activity.
she told me so the night it snowed, and she could not get home.
the question whether evolutionism offers a true or a false answer to this problem is not, therefore, a question to be solved by appeals to particular facts, such as biology and physics reveal.
as for doing-good, that is one of the professions which are full.
since only so, by depletions, can we buy serenity and a blithe mien.
but there is no reason to suppose that mnemic phenomena are associated with biographies except in the case of animals and plants.
but jurgis did not realize that very clearly; he was not given much time for reflection.
doctor mell, in a speech replete with feeling, then proposed our distinguished guest, the ornament of our town.
he had a healthy colour in his cheeks, and his face, though lined, bore few traces of anxiety.
and professor watson is a very learned man.
then our body, losing all sense, rolled over and over on the moss, dry leaves in our tunic, in our hair, in our face.
i told him that i thought it would be right to do so--that i was thoroughly convinced it would be, since he felt it to be right.
i have altogether perished from the remembrance of the living, and in the next generation my place was a blank.
but dear me, i beg your pardon, youre holding the fruit all this time.
why, copperfield, old boy, dont be overpowered!
have i ever been so hard with you that you ask me such a cruel question?
you may explain chronologically, showing what happens first, what next, and so on, as in the printing press you would show what happens first to the paper, and then what processes follow.
she was now on tiptoe, and had a finger on her lips.
this airy and delicious little absurdity is a perfect example of what a genuine humorist can do.
marriage licences and small probates were what we all looked for, and what paid us best; and the competition for these ran very high indeed.
shall our god exist and be evil, or shall he be recognized as the creation of our own conscience?
i have had some slight correspondence with your former friend, sir, addressing me, but it has not restored his sense of duty or natural obligation.
nor do i recollect that mr. murdstone laughed at all that day, except at the sheffield joke--and that, by the by, was his own.
it's new to me, but you are right, i dare say.
why, whats put that in your silly little head?--for peggotty had been used of old to talk to my mother sometimes like a child.
he looked rather sly when i mentioned miss skiffins, and stopped in the street to blow his nose, with a roll of the head, and a flourish not quite free from latent boastfulness.
subjects suggested by everyday experiences, by newspaper and magazine reading, and by a careful study of special articles in all kinds of publications, are likely to be forgotten unless they are recorded at once.
there never is any card in either box; but i think we'll probably get them till we die.
yet, when they saw the home of the widow jukniene they could not but recoil, even so, in all their journey they had seen nothing so bad as this.
unconsciously the boy appreciated the compliment; it was flattering to be considered on a basis of equality with this clean-cut, rugged man of the wide world.
all these operations, in various ways, alter the visual appearance which we call that of the table.
thus, while the annual payments are always the same, the amount of interest is always decreasing and the amount of the payments on the debt is always increasing.
the friends of the acquitted prisoner had dispersed, under the impression--which he himself had originated--that he would not be released that night.
but writing consists of vastly more than that alone.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
nothing could accelerate human progress more than to reduce the time between the discovery of a new truth and its application to the needs of mankind....
this is the kernel of the entire new movement, as has already been clearly pointed out by several writers on the subject.
or, perhaps, there is a very real need of what little the son or daughter can earn.
and any one could see that he shook with fear, and that there broke out upon his lips curious white flakes, like thin snow.
now, i saw the damp lying on the bare hedges and spare grass, like a coarser sort of spiders webs; hanging itself from twig to twig and blade to blade.
if there were one who lived wholly without the use of money, the state itself would hesitate to demand it of him.
i have ninety of them, each one accommodating nine chickens.
its remarkable what mere force of grip there is in these hands.
i have been informed by a person named abel magwitch, that he is the benefactor so long unknown to me.
what are the grounds for this common opinion?
violets, solid patches of vivid blue in round baskets, eglantine in dainty boxes, provide a foil to the majestic blazonry of the roses and the dew-spangled forest of maiden-hair fern near by.
one central packing house with nine grower members reports that eight of the members used the spraying service and that none of these had more than five per cent of their fruit to cull out.
premisses are thus quite different from data--they are simpler, more precise, and less infected with logical redundancy.
the politicians and the mob will be only too thankful to be furnished a high-sounding theory as a justification for their ignorant and brutal proposals for foreign conquest and aggression.
nevertheless, desire for beliefs, as opposed to desire for facts, is exceedingly potent both individually and socially.
he embraced her, solemnly commended her to heaven, and humbly thanked heaven for having bestowed her on him.
he saw admiral dewey coming up behind the man and growling softly, to back up his threats.
at length i had a good view of him, and either my vision deceived me, or it was the old unfortunate tommy.
they kept me very quiet all day, and kept my arm constantly dressed, and gave me cooling drinks.
i saw one day a herd of a dozen bullocks and cows running about and frisking in unwieldy sport, like huge rats, even like kittens.
i could see nothing of the room except the shining of the fire in the window-glass, but i stiffened in all my joints with the consciousness that i was under close inspection.
but that it would have been better for me if my wife could have helped me more, and shared the many thoughts in which i had no partner; and that this might have been; i knew.
when we were all out in the raw air and were steadily moving towards our business, i treasonably whispered to joe, i hope, joe, we shant find them.
but while this is unanimously declared to be the father's duty, scarcely anybody, in this country, will bear to hear of obliging him to perform it.
but, before you go, will you, for a moment, steadily attend to me?
to propose too much, would be to put this man's head under the axe, and, as he himself said, nothing worse could happen to him if he were denounced.
several indirect questions may be included in the initial sentence of an article.
jurgis too had an adventure the first time he attended a union meeting, but it was not of his own seeking.
robertson of trinity college, who has supplied the deficiencies of my knowledge of greek, and brought important references to my notice.
in the stockyards this was only in national and state elections, for in local elections the democratic party always carried everything.
this comes about through a very interesting, though rather repulsive condition--the necessity of getting rid of the dead to make room for the living.
your blade must be dry, and that is why you will see men rubbing the scythe-blade with grass before they whet it.
after tea, when the door was shut and all was made snug (the nights being cold and misty now), it seemed to me the most delicious retreat that the imagination of man could conceive.
she is rather long, notwithstanding; but by and by i hear a rustling at the door, and someone taps.
when i raised my eyes again, i found that he had been shrewdly looking at me all the time, and was doing so still.
this is an extraordinarily difficult thing to do, because our mental life is so intimately bound up with difference.
the instrument of discovery throughout is modern logic, a very different science from the logic of the text-books and also from the logic of idealism.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
curious to know whether biddy suspected him of having had a hand in that murderous attack of which my sister had never been able to give any account, i asked her why she did not like him.
on one side of the fire, sat my mother; on the other, mr. murdstone.
for a long minute she lay there, perfectly motionless, until a cold fear seized her husband, thinking that she was dying.
i found him as my aunt had described him.
in seasons of pestilence, some of us will have a secret attraction to the disease--a terrible passing inclination to die of it.
i awoke to an answered question, to nature and daylight.
i account for all such facts by calling this whole train of experiences unreal, a mental train.
if saturday is not the best half day to give, another afternoon may be arranged with the home assistant.
the crowd had already given jurgis a name--they called him the stinker.
he stopped at the foot, and picked up some, and then leaned against the railing, making a snowball.
through the forest is a great silence, but no stillness at all.
one of them is of the usual type, but the other looks like a strange fantasy of another jules verne.
the caucasian weaver's distinction as the oriental cartoonist, the expert in wooden men, women, and animals, is well deserved.
the excitement into which he had been roused was leaving him.
but innumerable other hooters in other factories, which also always sound at twelve o'clock, have just as good a right to be called the cause.
or, if it had been no other, i should have been the cause, and then the dark part of my life would have cast its shadow beyond myself, and would have fallen on you.
it is as the counterpart in literature of such talk in living that the informal essay reveals the personal note, is really the lyric of prose.
said traddles, we are prepared to rough it, as i said just now, and we did improvise a bed last week, upon the floor here.
trot, said my aunt one evening, when the backgammon-board was placed as usual for herself and mr. dick, we must not forget your education.
now, take this piece of paper in your hand.
i have not the least desire or intention to distinguish myself in that way.
even the boys, who are romping about the room, draw near and listen, and some of the women sob and wipe their aprons in their eyes.
in happier times, addressing me, i think you took sugar?
yet his very elbows, when he had his back towards me, seemed to teem with the expression of his fixed opinion that i was extremely young.
herbert said from behind (again poking me), massive and concrete.
several orders are possible: he could treat of the striving alone, neglecting the failure; he could treat the striving first and then the failure, or vice versa, and so on.
i suppose such details would not become one's dignity.
it came upon us rather suddenly one day as we journeyed out huntington avenue to the smart new gray and red opera house.
the problem with which we are now concerned is a very old one, since it was brought into philosophy by plato.
there is plenty to do, plenty to say, or to say over again, in the meantime.
these great and wise of the earth did not know what to think of us, and they looked upon us with wonder and curiosity, as if we were a miracle.
said biddy, quite in a whisper, as she looked away at the ships.
i stood with my lamp held out over the stair-rail, and he came slowly within its light.
a thing is rightfully mine, he says, when i am so connected with it that anyone who uses it without my consent does me an injury.
i rang for the tea, and the waiter, reappearing with his magic clew, brought in by degrees some fifty adjuncts to that refreshment, but of tea not a glimpse.
in short, is it not a concession to the misgiving, to keep the forge?
mr. jaggers, said i, by way of putting it neatly on somebody else, has the reputation of being more in the secrets of that dismal place than any man in london.
i tasted them out of compliment to nature, though they were scarcely palatable.
all of this ona sat watching, from a corner of the room, twisting her hands together, meantime, in a fever of fright.
but even the most private sensations have correlations with things that others can observe.
what my aunt saw, or did not see, i defy the science of physiognomy to have made out, without her own consent.
the wind moans without; ancient evils are at large and wandering in torment.
but what good would that do you when you came to stand trial?
first the stone clangs and grinds against the iron harshly; then it rings musically to one note; then, at last, it purrs as though the iron and stone were exactly suited.
all our lives, we have seen our sister-women suffer, in themselves and in their children, poverty, nakedness, hunger, thirst, sickness, misery, oppression and neglect of all kinds?
a sale of personal property is the transfer of its general ownership from one person to another for a price in money.
the water was free, and he might get into it--all the way into it!
i went down again next morning to see that they were away.
toward morning gawaine seemed resigned to his career.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
it wouldn't do for me to tell other men what i tell you, but you've been on the inside, and you ought to have sense enough to see for yourself.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
all that i could say, then, with respect to farming on a large scale, (i have always cultivated a garden,) was, that i had had my seeds ready.
with my heart thumping like a blacksmith at joes broad shoulder, i looked all about for any sign of the convicts.
to show the good educative work of our architects.
it is usually through particular instances that we come to be able to see the general principle.
but war also gave a clean slate for planning a new sales force.
is it pumblechooks house that has been broken into, then?
biddy sighed as she looked at the ships sailing on, and returned for answer, yes; i am not over-particular.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
the other bee-tree in the vicinity, to which i have referred, we found one warm november day in less than half an hour after entering the woods.
we may say that to kill a person is to cause his death intentionally.
n-no, my dear boy, said herbert, after taking time to examine me.
peggotty and i were sitting one night by the parlour fire, alone.
but, somehow, those of us who were brought up on that sort of thing, still sigh for it.
in the hundred years from irving's first romance to mr. howells's latest unromantic novel, most of our books are eminent for just those virtues which america is supposed to lack.
cried stryver, but this beats everything.
they reached the upper and middle class readers of the south side district, troy's district, which the papers were determined to keep as much in ignorance as possible.
we parted at the garden-gate in a most affectionate manner, and mr. dick did not go into the house until my aunt had driven me out of sight of it.
as his fancy died out, i would no more have tried to strengthen any power i had, than i would have married him on his being forced to take me for his wife.
(meaning one of the bunch of grasping and grinding employers), the response, through all its slang, is soul-stirring.
agnes laughed again, and shook her head.
often the poor man is not so cold and hungry as he is dirty and ragged and gross.
in similar fashion english equity worked out a standard of fair conduct on the part of a fiduciary.
it is commonly argued that people are not to blame for unconscious motives, but only for conscious ones.
why i hoarded up this last wretched little rag of the robe of hope that was rent and given to the winds, how do i know?
this might cover our immediate relations with mexico, our less close relations with south america, and our rather more remote relations with europe.
then, he launched into a general eulogium on the commons.
my memory is still accurate, but i cannot write the words of our conversation.
the indescribable innocence and beneficence of nature,of sun and wind and rain, of summer and winter,such health, such cheer, they afford forever!
that seemed to have been determined among us from the first.
books, the oldest and the best, stand naturally and rightfully on the shelves of every cottage.
and jurgis was with them, he was shouting to tear his throat; shouting because he could not help it, because the stress of his feeling was more than he could bear.
he put her hand to his lips, and moved towards the door.
but the doctrine in question holds that a thing is so modified by its relations that it cannot be the same in one relation as in another.
i had earned this repose by a long course of irksome toil and perturbation, and could have been content never to stray out of the limits of that suburban villa and its garden.
the essayist, first of all, will admit that he does not say all that might be said.
here he sat, and when the train started again, he fought a battle with his soul.
close upon the back of my discovery of whitman, i came under the influence of herbert spencer.
repairing the mechanism, polishing the brass?
i say, let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand; instead of a million count half a dozen, and keep your accounts on your thumb nail.
we could show her the substance of one, i think?
a little redness or a little matter of bone, here or there, what does it signify to me?
there still remained natural obligations which had not been given legal efficacy as the basis of actions.
he told me that he would look about him for such an orphan child.
he clutched her hands, he shook her, he caught her in his arms and pressed her to him but she lay cold and still--she was gone--she was gone!
cried the mother, be umble and make terms.
your own expression, you know, said mr. wickfield.
i do not wish to split hairs, to make fine distinctions, or set myself up as better than my neighbors.
and among the coins on the table i noticed an american dime, an english half-crown and a chinese piece with a square hole in the center.
with the insight made possible by such a curve a salesman might safely have ordered the trucks without his customer's knowledge and driven them up to his door the day the curve showed they were needed.
with qualities which are exemplified in sense-data.
they were frightened, but they stood by and watched us go.
however that may be, the point i am emphasizing as regards knowledge is that what is known may be quite different from the stimulus, and no part of the cause of the knowledge-response.
we had not yet made any allusion to my change of fortune, nor did i know how much of my late history he was acquainted with.
the old logic put thought in fetters, while the new logic gives it wings.
it was as true, said mr. barkis, nodding his nightcap, which was his only means of emphasis, as taxes is.
i am highly gratified, said mr. lorry, though, upon my honour, i had no intention of rendering those trifling articles of remembrance invisible to any one.
when i got into my little room, i sat down and took a long look at it, as a mean little room that i should soon be parted from and raised above, for ever.
corrected proofs should be returned promptly.
jurgis had been behind the scenes in politics.
if i dont bring em here, what does it matter?
and what is a still greater novelty, the mass do not now take their opinions from dignitaries in church or state, from ostensible leaders, or from books.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
it showed two very pretty little birds building themselves a home; and marija had asked an acquaintance to read it to her, and told them that it related to the furnishing of a house.
i have shown you now, more plainly, that i do.
the greater part of the guests had gone to bed as soon as the eating and drinking were over; and we, who had remained whispering and listening half-undressed, at last betook ourselves to bed, too.
as ghostly to the touch as to the sight!
or he might underestimate costs by overlooking such items as interest and depreciation.
said the doctor, tenderly taking her in his hands.
a crazy old staircase i found it to be, feebly lighted on each landing by a club-headed little oil wick, dying away in a little dungeon of dirty glass.
so i kissed his hand, and lay quiet, while he proceeded to indite a note to biddy, with my love in it.
jack duane was from the east; he was a college-bred man--had been studying electrical engineering.
no doubt the parrot once belonged to robinson crusoe.
a face of a transparent paleness; every feature in it clearly defined; one set expression on it.
i had heard the wood-thrush long before.
asked the turnkey, with a grin at mr. wemmicks humor.
in what is that man assisting him, who never looks at me without an inscrutable falsehood in his eyes?
another pause of oblivion, and he awoke in the sombre morning, unconscious where he was or what had happened, until it flashed upon his mind, this is the day of my death!
however near together we take the two positions, the speck will not jump suddenly from the one to the other, but will pass through an infinite number of other positions on the way.
sometimes it would come floating up to the shore; but when you went toward it, it would go back into deep water and disappear.
we have seen that belief and images both enter into it.
i told her that i had seen him, and that he had requested me to tell her what i have already written in its place in these sheets.
it is thus the principle of induction, rather than the law of causality, which is at the bottom of all inferences as to the existence of things not immediately given.
lucie had, by that time, fallen into a stupor on the floor at his feet, clinging to his hand.
dead as mutton, returned the other, and can't be too dead.
opening one of the windows after that, he looked out into the moonlight, and told me that the pavement was as solemnly empty as the pavement of any cathedral at that same hour.
the english complained not of the law, but of the violation of the law.
but we found no way of defining images except through their causation; in their intrinsic character they appeared to have no universal mark by which they could be distinguished from sensations.
said mr. jaggers, in the same devastating strain: what does this fellow want?
he will start upon his journey to-morrow night.
you have something to say, my good friend, returned my aunt, and will do better without me.
said mrs. micawber, preserving the same logical air.
i compared her in my mind with dora, with considerable inward satisfaction; but i candidly admitted to myself that she seemed to be an excellent kind of girl for traddles, too.
as you were then, my sister, i have often thought since, you have ever been to me.
in place of one universally recognized philosophical method we find four well-marked types.
it is education for a very grave profession, if you mean that, rosa, mrs. steerforth answered with some coldness.
i live in the angle of a leaden wall, into whose composition was poured a little alloy of bell metal.
no men stopped us, for there were none about from the palace of corrective detention, and the others knew nothing.
such an attitude naturally does not tend to the best results.
baldly stated, the significance of the fact is that the new world is coming to the help of the old world against the monster of unrestrained militarism.
to tell you the truth (at which you will not be offended), i came out to walk alone, because i have had so much company.
fourth, there is a claim to be secured against interference by outsiders with economically advantageous relations with others, whether contractual, social, business, official or domestic.
in the second place, it is a very singular thing that meaning, which is single, should generate objective reference, which is dual, namely true and false.
cried rosa, smiting herself passionately on the breast, look at me!
peggotty was not slow to respond, and ratify the treaty of friendship by giving me one of her best hugs.
some have been puzzled to tell how the shore became so regularly paved.
i think its tender, because the master of the shop was a juryman in some cases of ours the other day, and we let him down easy.
well, doctor strong, said the other--doctor strong was of the same mind, i believed.
a dull old house, he said, and a monotonous life; but i must have her near me.
it plays house, as well as horse, having an instinct for it.
he walked me up to my room slowly and gravely--i am certain he had a delight in that formal parade of executing justice--and when we got there, suddenly twisted my head under his arm.
his chin dropped upon his hand, and his white hair overshadowed his face: have you spoken to lucie?
when the prosecution opened and the evidence was put short, aforehand, i noticed how heavy it all bore on me, and how light on him.
if a fools head cant express better opinions than that, said my sister, and you have got any work to do, you had better go and do it.
because, said i, i began the service myself, more than two years ago, without his knowledge, and i dont want to be betrayed.
steeping the towels in the water, and partially wringing them out, he folded them on his head in a manner hideous to behold, sat down at the table, and said, now i am ready!
if i, as a honest tradesman, am able to provide a little beer, none of your declaring on water.
i acknowledged this compliment, and ordered the negus, which was soon produced.
if gissing had been criticizing english cooking from the point of view of a dietitian, what standards would he have chosen?
he gave me one other nod, compressed the post-office exceedingly, gave me one last nod, and went on with his breakfast.
before i could answer, the door opened and a small girl came to my desk.
words cannot tell what a sense i had, at the same time, of the dreadful mystery that he was to me.
not to get up a mystery with these people, i resolved to announce in the morning that my uncle had unexpectedly come from the country.
she brings everything to a grindstone, said steerforth, and sharpens it, as she has sharpened her own face and figure these years past.
foolishly--you know how one does--i had left the sweetest and crispest shoots till the last, tantalizing myself pleasantly with the thought of them.
he would give the little fellow his chance--would get to work at once, yes, tomorrow, without even waiting for ona to be buried.
i will do, defarge doggedly rejoined, nothing for you.
we all three went into the street together, and from the door-step wemmick turned his way, and mr. jaggers and i turned ours.
i must acknowledge, by the by, that the good sense of what i have just said is not my own, but my fathers.
martha kept one hand on my lips, and raised the other in a listening attitude.
generally speaking, said miss murdstone, i dont like boys.
but beyond all these numbers, there are the infinite numbers, and infinite numbers do not have all inductive properties.
the same cautious counsel directed every step that lay before him, and had prepared every inch of his road.
no person is an entirely isolated being; it is impossible for a person to do anything seriously or permanently hurtful to himself, without mischief reaching at least to his near connections, and often far beyond them.
jurgis had never possessed anything nearly so interesting--a baby was, when you came to think about it, assuredly a marvelous possession.
i resented the idea, of course; but i was in a manner struck by it, as a new one altogether.
expecting herbert all the time, i dared not go out, except when i took provis for an airing after dark.
you must call up all your fortitude, and try to bear it.
i tell you what, young fellow, said she, i didnt bring you up by hand to badger peoples lives out.
we will say, to put a case and for the sake of illustration, that he had been used, in his bad time, to work at a little forge.
the limits of the definition must always be vague, and even within these limits there is large scope for variety.
thank god, said mr. lorry, clasping his hands, that no one near and dear to me is in this dreadful town to-night.
your image of his hands is due to the many times that you have heard similar sounds and at the same time seen the player's hands on the piano.
that those advances were secured by i.o.u.s and other similar acknowledgements, known to the legal institutions of this country?
duguit, in progress of the law in the nineteenth century (continental legal history series, vol.
they went out, leaving lucie, and her husband, her father, and the child, by a bright fire.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
far and wide lay a ruined country, yielding nothing but desolation.
a blue-robed man, whose fittest roof is the overarching sky which reflects his serenity.
thus will seems to add no new irreducible ingredient to the analysis of the mind.
mrs. heep is here, sir, said traddles, returning with that worthy mother of a worthy son.
my letter to agnes was a fervent and grateful one, narrating all the good effects that had resulted from my following her advice.
* * the application of this distinction to motion raises complications due to relativity, but we may ignore these for our present purposes.
except that i remember them both to have been--like myself--timorous of highwaymen, and the prisoner has not a timorous air.
yes, pip, observed joe, whose voice sounded hollow in his beer-mug.
but no statistics it can produce are as telling as the sight of the bureau in operation.
instead of three meals a day, if it be necessary eat but one; instead of a hundred dishes, five; and reduce other things in proportion.
miss pross, shaking her loving and dejected head at her by no means affectionate brother, said through her tears, mr. cruncher.
merely this, miss trotwood, he returned.
he repeated, looking at me, with a snarl; ive umbled some of em for a pretty long time back, umble as i was!
i lay down in the old little bed in the stern of the boat, and the wind came moaning on across the flat as it had done before.
i am afraid it is scarcely necessary for my fathers son to remark that my fathers establishment is not particularly brilliant in its housekeeping.
you touch a point that my thoughts have been dwelling on since yesterday, said i, but on which i can give you no information yet, mr. omer.
good-bye, dear joe!no, dont wipe it offfor gods sake, give me your blackened hand!i shall be down soon and often.
my rescue from this kind of existence i considered quite hopeless, and abandoned, as such, altogether.
nor did they have to go without their share of all this, either.
her excited chatter also revealed the fact that father and mother had just sailed for europe, and, while she thought of them with regret, there was only pleasure in prospect as she started northward.
the older sister scowled at the girl and muttered something to the mother.
three days of this sort of rest made him decide to move away.
he is troubled a little with asthma, which makes him somewhat staccato and breathless in speech, and perhaps also accentuates the peculiar plaintive quality of his irish voice.
he ran up the steps and began to hammer upon the door.
this exordium, and miss pross's two hands in quite agonised entreaty clasping his, decided mr. cruncher.
the last character, already well beloved in the reading, i had the good fortune to see, i must think, in an impressionable hour, played by mrs. scott siddons.
an hour before the time on sunday morning the entire party set out.
after dinner the children were introduced, and mrs. coiler made admiring comments on their eyes, noses, and legs,a sagacious way of improving their minds.
now a suspension bridge is much more organic than a scrap heap, and the feudal system than a city directory.
if mrs. jones ordered a quart of ice cream we knew that she was only having a treat for the family.
they put these up in several grades, and sold them at several prices; but the contents of the cans all came out of the same hopper.
i think that there are very few important communications made through it.
him and me was soon busy, and first he swore me (being ever artful) on my own book,this here little black book, dear boy, what i swore your comrade on.
[i] it came from alford, the chef-lieu, if it cannot be called the capital, of the tennyson country.
defarge and his wife looked steadfastly at one another.
but the truth is that both have the same claim on our impartial attention, both are real, and both are important to the metaphysician.
when they came out, some hustled away to prospective employers and others loitered in the street.
this glamor out of a pigsty ... how come?
there were shady trees, and heather, and, as far as the eye could see, a rich landscape.
young gentlemen likes poultry in general: have a fowl!
he has now ceased to be an expansive, revolutionary force, but he has not ceased to be a writer of extraordinary gripe and unexpected resources of statement.
in such a case, the knowledge is derivative psychologically; but logically it is in a sense primitive, since it is not the result of any logical deduction.
a descriptive beginning, to be clear to the rapid reader, should be suggestive rather than detailed.
it is by essentially similar processes that we learn speaking, writing, mathematics, or the government of an empire.
imitate her virtues as nearly as you can.
the question which then arises is: what is the principle of inference by which we pass from past sunrises to future ones?
with nobody present, but our dear and confidential friend mr. wickfield, i cannot consent to be put down.
do these standards exhaust the qualifications of an admirable minister?
if our logic is to find the common world intelligible, it must not be hostile, but must be inspired by a genuine acceptance such as is not usually to be found among metaphysicians.
this, however, is only a hypothesis, not an established theory.
yes, repeated the stranger, looking round at the rest of the company with his right hand extended towards the witness, wopsle.
i ask of literature precisely those things of which i feel the lack in my own life.
when i told him that i wrote considerably, he thought for a long time that it was merely the handwriting which i meant, for he could write a remarkably good hand himself.
on sundays he mostly lay all day on the sluice-gates, or stood against ricks and barns.
marija was in despair, for there was still no word about the reopening of the canning factory, and her savings were almost entirely gone.
then madame began to talk, slowly and loudly, as one talks to make foreigners understand.
as for carl, i was seeing so little of him except at mealtimes that i became rather piqued at first, being a bride.
there was the usual stoppage at the barrier guardhouse, and the usual lanterns came glancing forth for the usual examination and inquiry.
then they knelt by the moat, they gathered water in their two hands, they rose and they held the water out to our lips.
we added a couple of chairs and a rack for clothing, put up a white madras curtain at the window, and regarded the effect with the utmost satisfaction.
he will never tighten his fingers on loaned opportunity; he is a gentleman, the hero of the habitually relaxed grasp.
i saw their park, their pleasure-ground, beyond through the wood, in spauldings cranberry-meadow.
but the terrain is strewn with gullies and hillocks, with boulders and tangled timber.
i fear my thoughts will not come back to me.
i took some wittles, up at the willage over yonder,where the church stands amost out on the marshes.
the eldest miss larkins is not a little girl.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
decorations room appropriately represent the many nationalities among the pupils.
the minds of other people are among our data, in the very wide sense in which we used the word at first.
but we cannot prove the interest by the law.
if it is necessary, omit one bridge over the river, go round a little there, and throw one arch at least over the darker gulf of ignorance which surrounds us.
once apart from him, i was determined to keep apart; and we walked back, side by side, saying very little more by the way.
and this is not all; for the servants and panders of the parasites are also parasites, the milliners and the jewelers and the lackeys have also to be supported by the useful members of the community.
i kissed miss millss hand; and we all seemed, to my thinking, to go straight up to the seventh heaven.
about keeping house, for instance, said miss betsey.
much it concerns a man, forsooth, how a few sticks are slanted over him or under him, and what colors are daubed upon his box.
there are no doubt many cases to which such a supposition is applicable without obvious artificiality.
whose fault was it that at the hours when workingmen were going to their work and back, the cars were so crowded that the conductors could not collect all the fares?
while england endeavors to cure the potato-rot, will not any endeavor to cure the brain-rot, which prevails so much more widely and fatally?
i was obliged to answer in some confusion, i dont think i am, maam.
then suddenly he felt a hand on his collar, and heard a voice behind him: sit down, you son of a--!
when we consider the loves of that bright flower of english young manhood, rupert brooke, we can the more keenly feel the loss that the essay, as well as poetry, had in his untimely death.
i know not if this earth on which i stand is the core of the universe or if it is but a speck of dust lost in eternity.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
it is high time that his critical sagacity and powerful reasoning were better known in the market-place.
if you are to blush to hear of such things now you are an old married woman, when are you not to blush to hear of them?
above them were the glass oilcups, with the opal-green engine-oil flushing through them to feed the bearings.
little by little she took heart, for the great southwest was being settled.
the little citizen, not to be outdone, declared her to be a celestial witness.
but his few facts sufficed to destroy the whole vast system of supposed knowledge handed down from aristotle, as even the palest morning sun suffices to extinguish the stars.
does he work out his problem in a narrowly restricted field, or does he call in the powers of a wide range of significant pursuits?
jurgis had often thought of connor since coming back to packingtown, but it had been as of something far off, that no longer concerned him.
and how much money is wanting to complete the purchase?
this done, he went on direct to defarge's, and went in.
define honor as taught in a college and honor as taught in the business world.
later that afternoon he and ona went out to take a walk and look about them, to see more of this district which was to be their home.
i have been familiar with every stone in the place.
only last night, after you had left us, when i was talking to lucie-- when you were talking to lucie, mr. lorry repeated.
the generating station on the parent ship of the expedition, as the rusty tramp is known, is as extensive as those on a first class liner or a dreadnought.
lay the sweets on oiled paper until thoroughly dry.
when we see his mother, i knowd quite well as i was right.
what youthful philosophers and experimentalists we are!
todo you mean to the young fellow whos in it?
it was agreed to be done; and a most melancholy day i passed.
in this and other ways, the indirect uses of even the later parts of mathematical logic are very great; but it is now time to turn our attention to its philosophical foundations.
the influence for all good, which she came to exercise over me at a later time, begins already to descend upon my breast.
what could i do but tell miss mills, with grateful looks and fervent words, how much i appreciated her good offices, and what an inestimable value i set upon her friendship!
the work of mr. goethals on the panama canal.
he thought it was a pistol, and supported his opinion by maintaining that he had seen the flash.
at last she said, putting out her hand, and laying it affectionately on the hand of her old servant, peggotty, dear, you are not going to be married?
there were the four blackened walls, and a rusted iron ring in one of them.
here is a great house whose sole vocation is the importation of caviar for barter here.
this last picture she showed somewhat shyly, as if doubting that we would understand it.
i dont know why one slight set of impressions should be more particularly associated with a place than another, though i believe this obtains with most people, in reference especially to the associations of their childhood.
of her soon cheering up again, and our signing the register all round.
in the first case, the change is attributed to the medium between the object and the place; in the second, it is attributed to the object itself.
their delicacy is not to be shocked, or hurt easily.
to have provis for an upper lodger is quite a godsend to mrs. whimple, said herbert, for of course people in general wont stand that noise.
c. for an old gentleman who for years clung to the use of a quill, and has only within a few years brought himself to use a fountain pen.
i wish you good-day, master copperfield, and leave my umble respects for miss betsey trotwood.
lubrication is a vital part of the machine.
the more i pitied myself, or pitied others, the more i sought for consolation in the image of dora.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
this is, in fact, the definition of a peaceable revolution, if any such is possible.
how did you like my reading of the character, gentlemen?
he would not have stopped then, for anything less necessary than breath, it being a spectral sort of race that he ran, and one highly desirable to get to the end of.
i couldnt approach the subject again, for months.
the marsh-hawk sailing low over the meadow is already seeking the first slimy life that awakes.
i thought i had read in his face that he would like to speak to me alone.
i am very sorry, edward, said my mother.
she stopped for a moment to take my hand between hers, and went on: its in vain, trot, to recall the past, unless it works some influence upon the present.
they can be shown to be not cases of memory in the strict sense at all.
i shall be fur away, he repeated slowly.
here again the senior partner is inclined to hem and haw.
i was smoking, and trying to suppress a rising tendency to shudder.
i stand here on the summit of the mountain.
i came into the valley, as the evening sun was shining on the remote heights of snow, that closed it in, like eternal clouds.
take persian rugs, for example: bijar--rugs as thick as two or even three ordinary rugs.
change places with him, and would you have been looked at by those blue eyes as he was, and commiserated by that agitated face as he was?
it is quite conceivable that the apparatus may be elaborated to such an extent that a blind man may see (by ear) where he is going.
but she hardly ever spoke--i question if she ever did--without making some mention of him.
in that higher political philosophy which all englishmen are now questioning so anxiously, he has spoken not only as a master, but almost as an oracle.
the men who had reported fires and train wrecks in american cities proved themselves able to describe vigorously and clearly the campaign in cuba.
i hurried then to the breakfast-table, and on it found a letter.
they did not creep far, before they stopped and stood upright.
neither did i put any sal soda, or other acid or alkali, into my bread.
there is no need; indeed there is no need, my dear.
the pigeon-pie was not bad, but it was a delusive pie: the crust being like a disappointing head, phrenologically speaking: full of lumps and bumps, with nothing particular underneath.
the relative importance of this second consideration depends on whether the subject is much or little affected by personal interpretation.
wemmick was out, and though he had been at his desk he could have done nothing for me.
caucasian rugs differ from turkoman rugs in being dyed in other colors than blood red, in omitting the apron ends, and in being more crowded, elaborate, and pretentious in geometric linear pattern.
katarina loosened herself from me, and sat up.
as to deploring her misfortunes, she appeared to have entirely lost the recollection of ever having had any.
equity never wholly adopted this or any other theory.
the familiar distinction between the poetic and the scientific temper is another way of stating the same difference.
youve spoke of her being pleasant, kind, and gentle to you.
then i was sent up to captain hopkins in the room overhead, with mr. micawbers compliments, and i was his young friend, and would captain hopkins lend me a knife and fork.
this is your doing, peggotty, you cruel thing!
and inquiries were coming in from states outside of new york.
any foreign steamer that fell in our way and would take us up would do.
yet for all that, i remember feeling convinced that i had been much mistaken in him, and that he was a sensible, practical, good-hearted prime fellow.
as i am at home myself, said mr. lorry, i'll go upstairs.
the strength of a student of men is to travel--to study men, their habits, character, mode of life, their behavior under varied conditions, their vices, virtues, and peculiarities.
does mr. grinnell know where he himself is?
her knitting was before her, but she had laid it down to pick her teeth with a toothpick.
nelson peet, manager, is a spectacled human magneto.
here, we found a gentleman with one eye, in a velveteen suit and knee-breeches, who wiped his nose with his sleeve on being interrupted in the perusal of the newspaper.
we have seen nothing else, returned the vengeance.
yes, perhaps i ought to mention, said herbert, who had become curiously crestfallen and meek, since we entered on the interesting theme, that she is rather below my mothers nonsensical family notions.
as they did not see me, i thought it best, all things considered, not to see them.
but although this may be true, it accounts only for some of the simplest phenomena in the region of belief.
a cab was driving by; and jurgis sprang and called, and it swung round to the curb.
touch that string, and he instantly changes for the worse.
they never sell the houses without interest.
yet which one of us is noticeably, or can be appreciably different, in this throng of human ephemer and all their millions and inestimable millions of millions of predecessors and oncoming progeny?
mr. stryver was lying back on his sofa, winking at his ceiling.
this is queerly contradictory to a disposition found in some americans to disregard world standards and proclaim a third-rate poet as the milton of oshkosh or the shelley of san francisco.
some lighted on the owner's nose and some looked for his ankles, and found them.
though i saw an uneasy change in mr. micawber, which sat tightly on him, as if his new duties were a misfit, i felt i had no right to be offended.
better is it to play pranks with respectability and logic.
as to charleys legs, if they were only a pair (which they aint), theyd defy competition.
thus a contradiction emerged between the apparent nature of space and time and the supposed impossibility of infinite collections.
he is such a speaker, i pursued, that he can win anybody over; and i dont know what youd say if you were to hear him sing, mr. peggotty.
third, we shall see in these theories a picture of a system of ordering human conduct and adjusting human relations resting upon the ultimate basis and derived therefrom by the absolute process.
repeated carton, musing, and not appearing to notice him at all, though he echoed his word.
on this certain fine sunday, mr. lorry walked towards soho, early in the afternoon, for three reasons of habit.
it is of the family of dickens's london and hugo's paris, though it is plainly a cadet in the family.
as i paused near it i noticed where the tree had been wounded with an axe a couple of feet from the ground many years before.
my family are of opinion, that, with a little interest, something might be done for a man of his ability in the custom house.
i rushed downstairs to secure this bargain, but the crier was now far off, and it was too late.
but their self-forgetfulness charmed me.
asked estella of myself, with the greatest disdain.
physics, formally, assumes in its differential equations that things consist of elements which occupy only a point at each instant, but persist throughout time.
does any one live, who knows what set purposes you have, half as well as i do?
i begin to be afraid that the fault is not entirely on one side, but that these people all turn out ill because we dont turn out very well ourselves.
theres subjects enough as betwixt two sech, without onnecessary ones.
do i gather from what you say, maam, that mr. maldon is ill?
being by this time a perfect fury and a complete success, she made a dash at the door which i had fortunately locked.
they have been unused all summer and rubbish may have been piled near them or the flues may have rusted and slipped out of place unobserved in the long period of disuse.
and never see her again, though she is so pretty?
finally, she flung her arms, and swept away.
the problem is just as acute if we say that images differ from their prototypes as if we say that they resemble them; it is the very possibility of comparison that is hard to understand.
when mrs. micawber has her sea-legs on--an expression in which i hope there is no conventional impropriety--she will give them, i dare say, little tafflin.
a stone can be hammered into a powder, but the powder consists of grains which retain the character they had before the pounding.
she replied, in an incidental and forgetful way.
not only was i soon as well known on the norwood road as the postmen on that beat, but i pervaded london likewise.
we saw that, accepting the view that a length is composed of points, the existence of incommensurables proves that every finite length must contain an infinite number of points.
there is, so far as i can see, no class of mental or other occurrences of which we are always conscious whenever they happen.
but the whole enterprise of planning a steam voyage in which the boat should be headed due east was characteristic of the boldness and bravery of the americans.
jurgis gave one glance at her, and then turned white and reeled.
a proposition is a series of words (or sometimes a single word) expressing the kind of thing that can be asserted or denied.
there is therefore no a priori objection to a causal law in which part of the cause has ceased to exist.
he manuvred so cunningly that i could not get within half a dozen rods of him.
in theory there is no such thing except with respect to equitable remedies, where it exists for historical reasons.
cultivation has well nigh exterminated it.
that's a fair young lady to hand to a coach in the dark, mr. darnay!
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
or have you not begun to think about it yet?
you have been present all day, and you ought to know.
this momentous pocket-book was a timely reminder to him of another transaction.
why is it that men give so poor an account of their day if they have not been slumbering?
we know it will be printed and be bound in finely-tooled full calf, and no palo-georgian gentleman's library will be complete without it.
going down next morning rather earlier than usual, i paused outside the parlour door, on hearing my mothers voice.
it is of course the case that a truth which connects one thing with another thing could not subsist if the other thing did not subsist.
(i am speaking of lightning as a sensible phenomenon, not as it is described in physics.)
but i reflected that perhaps freedom without danger was too much apart from all the habit of his existence to be to him what it would be to another man.
mr. jaggers asked, soon after we began dinner.
her mild but earnest eyes met mine with their own beautiful frankness, and there was no change in her gentle face.
was the counterquestion of the serious, thick-spectacled young chap.
there is one other thing i ought to have said.
in explaining inductive reasoning, with the controlling purpose of making it seem both frequent and natural, huxley showed first how we reason practically about the nature of apples in a basket at the grocer's.
my thoughts have left no track, and i cannot find the path again.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
she said, fighting thus with her despair.
the spaniards have a good term to express this wild and dusky knowledgegramatica pardatawny grammar, a kind of mother-wit derived from that same leopard to which i have referred.
for this reason: the things you create easily and joyously will not continue to come easily and joyously unless you yourself are getting bigger all the time.
if all were as it seems, and men made the elements their servants for noble ends!
as time goes on there is a variety of drunkenness, among the younger men especially.
and spreading her golden hair aside over her shoulders with great pride and care.
he had returned when he did, on the pressing and written entreaty of a french citizen, who represented that his life was endangered by his absence.
on the other hand, trabbs boy might worm himself into his intimacy and tell him things; or, reckless and desperate wretch as i knew he could be, might hoot him in the high street.
their pride in these girls, and their submission of themselves to all their whims, was the pleasantest little testimony to their own worth i could have desired to see.
it was illustrated with two half-tone portraits, one of the young woman in indian costume, the other showing her in street dress.
but, unfortunately, another man saw fit to pay it.
this foreign birds note is celebrated by the poets of all countries along with the notes of their native songsters.
selling a five-ton motor truck to many a business man was often equivalent to letting johnny play with a loaded machine gun.
the commanding officer sets example by a cool nonchalance that we envy.
the feeling of belief, when it occurs in this separated heightened form, generally leads us to look for a content to which to attach it.
either beats or cringes, said wemmick, not at all addressing himself to me.
always seems to me, said wemmick, as if he had set a man-trap and was watching it.
i could not help laughing again, at his balancing all callings and professions so equally; and i told him so.
the imperative verb is perhaps the strongest form of direct address.
thus, in so far as time is constituted by duration, there is the same necessity for distinguishing a public and a private time as there was in the case of space.
she was mischievous without malice, as full of faults as an old shoe.
do you find any element of information about the man conspicuously lacking, as, for instance, a statement of goldsmith's friendships, his effect upon his times, or his beliefs?
if you counted with it the other big plants--and they were now really all one--it was, so jokubas informed them, the greatest aggregation of labor and capital ever gathered in one place.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
we used to walk about that dim old flat at yarmouth in a loving manner, hours and hours.
it was not lonely, but made all the earth lonely beneath it.
i say, beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
we may regard a human being as an instrument, which makes various responses to various stimuli.
so he came at last to the stockyards, to the black volcanoes of smoke and the lowing cattle and the stench.
then, said he of saint antoine, with a strange look, you will be answered to-morrow.
he must have the tenacity which does not yield to exhaustion until his messages are written and on the way to his paper.
in a corner of the room was something neatly covered up with a large white cloth.
it must, to be sure, have some point, some core of thought, must meditate, but it need not reach a final conclusion.
i was weak and faint when you brought me in, and i am fainter now you take me out.
it is a core in our actual experiences, never existing in isolation except possibly in very young infants.
there is something about a lighthouse that you don't get in a modern drawing room.
the mist was heavier yet when i got out upon the marshes, so that instead of my running at everything, everything seemed to run at me.
he panted and then he whirled upon the judge.
i crawled up from the floor, and saw my face in the glass, so swollen, red, and ugly that it almost frightened me.
the mere will of the person who undertook or the claim of the promisee was not a reason for enforcing.
the stranger would ask, and the residents would answer, perhaps; but there is no telling.
there soon appeared, pausing in the dark doorway as he entered, a hale, grey-haired old man.
they had no doubt that miss havisham would do something for me; their doubts related to the form that something would take.
the old clerk with the wig, whose name was mr. tiffey, had been down on business several times in the course of his career, and had on each occasion penetrated to the breakfast-parlour.
the boys have their baseball and football, and play match games among themselves or with visiting teams.
estella laughed, and looked at the shoe in her hand, and laughed again, and looked at me, and put the shoe down.
o show me the place, my father, and i will go there every day.
mr. lorry was already calling at the door when he got there.
the wonder and consternation with which joe stopped on the threshold of his bite and stared at me, were too evident to escape my sisters observation.
we stood still; for the first time did we know fear, and then pain.
i was very hot indeed upon old orlicks daring to admire her; as hot as if it were an outrage on myself.
but i went off and left you-- nonsense!
in the special sciences, when they have become fully developed, the movement is forward and synthetic, from the simpler to the more complex.
how would it suit you to be a night watchman?
it happened to be the doctors birthday, too.
the degree of definiteness may vary greatly: hunger requires only food in general, whereas the sight of a particular piece of food raises a desire which requires the eating of that piece of food.
it is possible that he might be guided in some good path, and kept out of harm's way, without any of these things.
they carried him through the wild roar, a hush in the midst of all the tumult; and took him to the cottage where death was already.
kind of life insurance for a man of twenty.
i'm not looking for work just now, jurgis answered.
nothing had been taken away from any part of the house.
the latter depended wholly on the good faith of the maker since the law had put down self-help which formerly had been available to the promisee.
the third of the above requisites leads us to adopt the view--which has on the whole been commonest among philosophers--that truth consists in some form of correspondence between belief and fact.
i told her as mildly as i could what his wrong was, and what my own share in his injury.
in appearance there has been no individualization.
you have always held your place in my heart, i answered.
they must have weighed at least eight pounds.
she won first prize on hen, first and second on pullet, and fourth on cockerel.
birds do not sing in caves, nor do doves cherish their innocence in dovecots.
you don't get on with your account of your matrimonial intentions, answered carton, with a careless air; i wish you would keep to that.
they give color to our social life and accent to our everyday emotions.
my knights often die in harness, all unshriven.
there was a faint quivering of her nostrils; and now and then she would moisten her lips with feverish haste.
the spectators dropped off to get refreshment, and the prisoner withdrew to the back of the dock, and sat down.
by eight o'clock the place was so crowded that the speakers ought to have been flattered; the aisles were filled halfway up, and at the door men were packed tight enough to walk upon.
mrs. jukniene was a wizened-up little woman, with a wrinkled face.
then she glanced in a casual manner round the wine-shop, took up her knitting with great apparent calmness and repose of spirit, and became absorbed in it.
for gracious sake, don't talk about liberty; we have quite enough of that, said miss pross.
it was about a foot in diameter at the big end, and he had expected to get a good saw-log, but it was so rotten as to be fit only for fuel, if for that.
when the prisoner came on board, he noticed that my father, turning her eyes lovingly to him as he stood beside her, was much fatigued and in a very weak state of health.
and once, as a punishment for some prank, he had to sit with the girls and occupied a vacant seat by me.
therefore we had sat, feeling keenly for him, but laughing, nevertheless, from ear to ear.
the danger here lies in the fact that, knowing your subject well, you will write part of it and think the rest.
the annual production of wood-pulp in the united states and canada is estimated by albrecht pagenstecher, the survivor of the innovators, to be worth nearly five hundred millions of dollars.
now in dealing with this question we must, to begin with, make an important distinction, without which we should soon become involved in hopeless confusions.
i don't know why anything should be otherwise than safe and well here, thank god; but i have been so put out all day, and i am not as young as i was!
i was made very uneasy in my mind by mrs.
the light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us.
then some fine day something will happen.
(a beein signifies, in that dialect, a home, and to fisherate is to provide.)
then suddenly the big butcher president leaped upon a pile of stones and yelled: it's off, boys.
what has made the european family of nations an improving, instead of a stationary portion of mankind?
i said i was delighted to propose his health.
her dress was of a lavender colour, and perfectly neat; but scantily made, as if she desired to be as little encumbered as possible.
some machines, such as the printing press or the rock drill, defy explanation without charts and plates.
i did not wish to live what was not life, living is so dear; nor did i wish to practise resignation, unless it was quite necessary.
the friend, who was named tamoszius kuszleika, was a sharp little man who folded hides on the killing beds, and he listened to what jurgis had to say without seeming at all surprised.
we do not know who will be the inhabitants of london a hundred years hence; but we know that any two of them and any other two of them will make four of them.
one such postulate, i think we should agree, is that in civilized society men must be able to assume that others will do them no intended injury--that others will commit no intentional aggressions upon them.
but you have a discretion beyond your years, and can render me another kind of service, if you will; and a service i will thankfully accept of.
much the best committees from the point of view of material are committees about business which meet at business premises--shipping offices, for choice.
dress was the one unfailing talisman and charm used for keeping all things in their places.
i believe the very same slow horse that mr. barkis drove was still at work.
my former acquaintance, the carrier, was at the door.
they had talked about looking at more houses before they made the purchase; but then they did not know where any more were, and they did not know any way of finding out.
the impossibility of getting among the men on the lower decks makes the military officers' efforts to restore confidence difficult.
the woman and her husband simply had been mistaken--honestly mistaken.
i used the word at the time, and i have used it again, today.
the editorial assistant who rejects an unsuitable article indicates by number which of these form letters is to be sent to the author.
to show the general looseness of thinking.
she said it aloud, but added to herself, as she resumed her knitting: hah!
and if the cat consists only of sense-data, it cannot be hungry, since no hunger but my own can be a sense-datum to me.
gradually, an unhappy shadow fell upon her beauty, and deepened every day.
in this and other respects, it is not unlike the newspaper headline.
the next step is to measure the composition not in terms of the vengeance to be bought off but in terms of the injury.
i have never, to this hour, got the better of that bushel of wheat.
duane was glad to see him; he was without a cent of money, he said, and had been waiting for jurgis to help him get some.
to inquire what he might have done, if he had had any boldness, would be like inquiring what a mongrel cur might do, if it had the spirit of a tiger.
what peggotty had told me now, was so far from bringing me back to the later period, that it rooted the earlier image in my mind.
there was a row of brick furnaces, shining white through every crack with the molten steel inside.
there is not a thing behind us to regret.
the particulars forming one perspective are connected together primarily by simultaneity; those forming one biography, primarily by the existence of direct time-relations between them.
the agent had the deed all ready, and invited them to sit down and read it; this szedvilas proceeded to do--a painful and laborious process, during which the agent drummed upon the desk.
i fully expected to find a constable in the kitchen, waiting to take me up.
im rough, sir, but im ready--least ways, i hope im ready, you unnerstand.
it is hard to see how we could know this truth, or even understand what is meant by it, unless we were acquainted with something which we call 'i'.
the remembering occurs now, and is therefore necessarily not identical with the past event.
--is, said traddles, that this branch of the law, even if mr. micawber were a regular solicitor-- exactly so, returned mrs. micawber.
its curriculum is unusual but it is valuable.
the above is, of course, only a first rough sketch of the way in which our definition is to be reached.
commonly men will only be brave as their fathers were brave, or timid.
about a mile away to the southwest a cloud of steam hovered over an open meadow in the woods and the headmaster assured gawaine that under the steam he would find a dragon.
a steady stream of employees was pouring through the gate--employees of the higher sort, at this hour, clerks and stenographers and such.
there was a long line of hogs, with squeals and lifeblood ebbing away together; until at last each started again, and vanished with a splash into a huge vat of boiling water.
generality and particularity are a matter of degree.
that part of the subject (i reminded her) involved matters which could form no part of my explanation, for they were the weighty secrets of another.
the lost cities of atlantis and all the wealth that they contain was the port awaiting the searchers under the rim of the western ocean.
there, the devoted postman on that beat delivered bushels of letters for me; and there, at intervals, i laboured through them, like a home secretary of state without the salary.
the singular dignity of the first clause, and this hammer-stroke of the last, go far to make the charm of this exquisite sentence.
his tone lingered in the air, almost like the tone of a musical instrument.
in the morning jurgis had not a cent, and he went out upon the road again.
but labor of the hands, even when pursued to the verge of drudgery, is perhaps never the worst form of idleness.
it is only after a long and serious effort to recollect my best thoughts that i become again aware of their cohabitancy.
whatever family opinions, or whatever the worlds opinions, on that subject may be, pip, your sister is, joe tapped the top bar with the poker after every word following, a-fine-figureofawoman!
possibly; but i did my best to break the engagement too--and incidentally both our hearts--by going abroad and staying abroad until carl--bless him!--came over after me.
ever the rosy dawn of youth and hope fades away into the sadness of evening and the blackness of night, and out of that blackness comes no flash of revelation, no message of cheer.
if we confine ourselves to spoken words, a word has two aspects, according as we regard it from the point of view of the speaker or from that of the hearer.
the logic of mysticism shows, as is natural, the defects which are inherent in anything malicious.
each trade, they say, has its tricks, and being a society reporter is no exception.
every christmas day he presented himself, as a profound novelty, with exactly the same words, and carrying the two bottles like dumb-bells.
this mood of human interest is illustrated, of course, by other writers than the informal essayists.
now the best strategy always combines the line of greatest advantage to the writer, the line of least resistance from the reader, and the necessities of the subject.
would be the time for me to rise and propose a private conference in the vestry.
no sober judge of human affairs will feel bound to be indignant because those who force on our notice truths which we should otherwise have overlooked, overlook some of those which we see.
the reason is that this proposition cannot be understood at all unless we know that there are such people as brown and jones and robinson and smith, and this we can only know by experience.
if i could only get myself to fall in love with you,you dont mind my speaking so openly to such an old acquaintance?
do you call yourself a mother, and not know that a mother's first duty is to blow her boy out?
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
i choose them as real men, of my name--jacques is my name--to whom the sight is likely to do good.
his back was towards me, and he had his arms folded, and was nodding forward, heavy with sleep.
there was a curious constraint between her and mr. wickfield, i thought (of whom she seemed to be afraid), that never wore off.
it is a great pity, croaked jacques three, dubiously shaking his head, with his cruel fingers at his hungry mouth; it is not quite like a good citizen; it is a thing to regret.
those who have furnished the money for the expedition have done so in the hope of solving the mystery of the lost continent, and without thought for the profit.
thus our knowledge of the general propositions of mathematics (and the same applies to logic) must be accounted for otherwise than our (merely probable) knowledge of empirical generalizations such as 'all men are mortal'.
at each of the thousand instants, the arrow is where it is, though at the next instant it is somewhere else.
and let us keep a specially large portion for one whose lot was so much worse than merely undistinguished.
(i own that the lanes thereabouts are very dark.)
he adds, that they were commonly carpeted and lined within with well-wrought embroidered mats, and were furnished with various utensils.
much better, said jerry, not unlike a reluctant witness at the establishment in question, than i, as a honest tradesman, wish to know the bailey.
these statistics, however accidental and therefore uninstructive they may appear, as they have a certain completeness, have a certain value also.
a great grease-spot, redolent of manures and buttermilk!
we have already seen how the supposed universality of the subject-predicate form made it impossible to give a right analysis of serial order, and therefore made space and time unintelligible.
is the length of the beginning proportionate to the length of the whole article?
then, at the request of dr. jonnesco, he bent his head forward until it almost touched his breast.
i could not help thinking even in that interval, i remember, what a noble fellow he was in appearance, and how homely and plain mr. mell looked opposed to him.
but, before we went to bed, i had resolved that i would wait over to-morrow,to-morrow being sunday,and would begin my new course with the new week.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
i shall call to me all the men and the women whose spirit has not been killed within them and who suffer under the yoke of their brothers.
an old forest fence which had seen its best days was a great haul for me.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
the phaeton was a very handsome affair; the horses arched their necks and lifted up their legs as if they knew they belonged to doctors commons.
what purpose i had in view when i was hot on tracing out and proving estellas parentage, i cannot say.
but the east wind blew in the mosquitoes from the norwalk marshes.
they climbed a long series of stairways outside of the building, to the top of its five or six stories.
disposed at right angles to the length of the cylinder are a number of pistons, or rams, that may be forced out laterally by pumping water into the cylinder.
no better opening anywhere, said my aunt, for a man who conducts himself well, and is industrious.
i heard her steps proceed to the pantry.
elsewhere he is delighted with the presence of what is new, there tormented by the absence of what is old.
with thinking we may be beside ourselves in a sane sense.
were it not for a series of lucky chances that developed into opportunity, this wood-pulp anniversary might have remained for our children's children.
sympathy with our fellow beings and an instinctive recognition of our common humanity are inherent in most men and women.
a four and two sitters dont go hanging and hovering, up with one tide and down with another, and both with and against another, without there being custum us at the bottom of it.
both my sister and myself have endeavoured to correct his vices, but ineffectually.
you see, the path aint over light or cheerful arter dark; and when im here at the hour as shes a comin home, i puts the light in the winder.
it has been supposed that the man to whom she gave her misplaced confidence acted throughout in concert with her half-brother; that it was a conspiracy between them; and that they shared the profits.
should not every apartment in which man dwells be lofty enough to create some obscurity over-head, where flickering shadows may play at evening about the rafters?
bergson apparently holds that capacity for this kind of knowledge is less explicable by the struggle for existence than, for example, capacity for pure mathematics.
man to be identified by broad nose, and legs like balustrades of bridge.
i should have been more fit for heaven than i ever have been since.
then she came over to jurgis and sat down beside him.
this acquitted young woman and provis had a little child; a little child of whom provis was exceedingly fond.
they gave him a diploma and a new battle-ax and the headmaster summoned him to a private conference.
my aunt cried outright as she embraced me; and said, pretending to laugh, that if my poor mother had been alive, that silly little creature would have shed tears, she had no doubt.
it is significant that as the conditions that made the rule inapplicable have come to an end the rule has generally re-established itself.
even the people whom he knew well, the people to whose voices he was accustomed, had to address him very loudly.
vy, i haf never took a case in my life so sheap as dot.
jurgis was used to dirt--there was nothing could scare a man who had been with a railroad gang, where one could gather up the fleas off the floor of the sleeping room by the handful.
the remarkable success of the messages attests the author's power.
there was no way through it, and the front windows of the doctor's lodgings commanded a pleasant little vista of street that had a congenial air of retirement on it.
said my aunt, the child is right to stand by those who have stood by him--janet!
he conceived that discretion was an administrative attribute.
the upshot of which, was, to smash this witness like a crockery vessel, and shiver his part of the case to useless lumber.
she stimulated them to a critical study of labor laws with the evolution of industry for background.
certain keys were hanging on the wall, to which he now added the gate key; and his patchwork-covered bed was in a little inner division or recess.
go and sit down in your chair this moment!
i asked him presently whether he had been spending his half-holiday up and down town?
i doubt if flying childers ever carried a peck of corn to mill.
i have sent his name up, on a scrap of paper, to the kite, along the string, when it has been in the sky, among the larks.
i lingered most about the fireplace, as the most vital part of the house.
other facts also will occur to you, but let us suppose that these are the most important.
a rose lay beside her, and if she now and then glanced at the flower, it was with no infraction of her usual preoccupied air.
at first sight, it might seem that this is so.
i may have a conviction, mr. copperfield, that mr. micawbers manners peculiarly qualify him for the banking business.
now nature, faithfully followed, proves herself a careful mother.
and i found myself afterwards sagely adding, alone, that a person must either live or die.
sometimes, when i pushed off my boat in the morning, i disturbed a great mud-turtle which had secreted himself under the boat in the night.
and so the fish reporter enters upon the last lap of his rounds.
i sat down in the cliental chair placed over against mr. jaggerss chair, and became fascinated by the dismal atmosphere of the place.
such a lodge was in the first instance constructed in a day or two at most, and taken down and put up in a few hours; and every family owned one, or its apartment in one.
i think that the farmer displaces the indian even because he redeems the meadow, and so makes himself stronger and in some respects more natural.
everything went into running expenses; yet, in spite of it, our expenses ran quite away.
they would tell you that governments could not manage things as economically as private individuals; they would repeat and repeat that, and think they were saying something!
one of mrs. chillips most impressive remarks.
he had been torn out of the jaws of destruction, he had been delivered from the thraldom of despair; the whole world had been changed for him--he was free, he was free!
i know that, but for the mercy of god, i might easily have been, for any care that was taken of me, a little robber or a little vagabond.
time was, when a poet sat upon a stool in a public place, and mused in the sight of men.
the dejected mrs. cruncher shook her head.
he had a fatherly, benignant way of showing his fondness for her, which seemed in itself to express a good man.
pleasurable sensations either stimulate no action at all, or at most stimulate such action as is likely to prolong them.
there is in this town, with a very few exceptions, no taste for the best or for very good books even in english literature, whose words all can read and spell.
as when i saw my little darling looking up so naturally to those cordial eyes.
you see my state, said i. i would come with you if i could; but indeed i am quite unable.
but old antanas had begged until he was worn out, and all his courage was gone; he wanted a job, any sort of a job.
another curious fact is that generally you will get track of a bee-tree sooner when you are half a mile from it than when you are only a few yards.
after miss wilson had shown them through the white house and they had seen her wedding presents, she gave them this signed photograph.
the possibilities of the personal experience story are as great as are those of the interview.
some further elaborations are desirable, but we can ignore them for the present.
who does not remember the interest with which when young he looked at shelving rocks, or any approach to a cave?
joes eyes were red when i next found him beside me; but i was holding his hand, and we both felt happy.
he knows his mother very little if he does.
their white tunic was torn, and the branches had cut the skin of their arms, but they spoke as if they had never taken notice of it, nor of weariness, nor of fear.
he says to me, a-shaking of my hand, i will!
it would seem that i made it according to the recipe which marcus porcius cato gave about two centuries before christ.
what light does your estimate throw upon the advice to make the actors in a process specific?
our punch was cooling in an ornamental lake, on whose margin the bower was raised.
he is armed with two terrible weapons, lack of interest and lack of comprehension.
tommy finnegan was a little irishman, with big staring eyes and a wild aspect, a hoister by trade, and badly cracked.
when it broke out again, the soldiers made for it at a greater rate than ever, and we after them.
at the same time-- you are very good, sir, i murmured, anticipating a concession.
he was a man of manners, like one who had seen the world, and was capable of more civil speech than you could well attend to.
new truth is only useful to supplement the old; rough truth is only wanted to expand, not to destroy, our civil and often elegant conventions.
why should they be allowed to pretend that disapproval of some particular act of england justifies repudiation of most of the things by virtue of which we are what we are?
i never had one hours happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the four-and-twenty hours was harping on the happiness of having her with me unto death.
this generation is very sure to plant corn and beans each new year precisely as the indians did centuries ago and taught the first settlers to do, as if there were a fate in it.
my happiness is not the means to any end.
and i want beauty in my life itself, rather than in such chances as befall it.
if contrast is used, there is the added interest of dramatic presentation found especially in oratorical definitions.
after an interval of suspense on my part that was quite enthralling and almost painful, i saw his hand appear on the other side of miss skiffins.
the packers had secret mains, through which they stole billions of gallons of the city's water.
the subject, however, appears to be a logical fiction, like mathematical points and instants.
i told you at the inn in london, i am heavy company for myself, sometimes.
the maker of this earth but patented a leaf.
it had been a fine bright day, but had become foggy as the sun dropped, and i had had to feel my way back among the shipping, pretty carefully.
i should have liked him to have betrayed emotion, or to have said, it does you credit, pip, or something of that sort.
but since we found that images can only be defined causally, we cannot deal with this suggestion, except in connection with the difference between physical and psychological causal laws.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
so he told them, and so in the end the decision was made.
i object, you know, which he said very rapidly, and went out.
what the state can usefully do, is to make itself a central depository, and active circulator and diffuser, of the experience resulting from many trials.
but this whole scene, with our inference, may occur in a dream, in which case the inference is generally considered to be mistaken.
when i lived at home with my papa and mama, my papa was accustomed to ask, when any point was under discussion in our limited circle, in what light does my emma view the subject?
upon both sides of this wheel there was a narrow space, into which came the hogs at the end of their journey; in the midst of them stood a great burly negro, bare-armed and bare-chested.
therefore, i mentioned to them, said mr. omer, in a comfortable, easy-going tone, this.
when a plunge is to be made into the water, its of no use lingering on the bank.
and don't forget the wastes of fraud, put in young fisher.
while the baby mosquito is brought up in the water, he is an air-breather and comes to the top to breathe as do frogs and musk-rats and many other water creatures of a higher order.
some topics, he will find, may be treated with about equal success in any one of several ways, while others lend themselves to only one or two forms of presentation.
that you should continue to exist is a matter for your own consideration; but that your business should be first honest, and second useful, are points in which honour and morality are concerned.
we have had a mort of talk, sir, said mr. peggotty to me, when we had all three walked a little while in silence, of what we ought and doent ought to do.
in practice jurist-made and judge-made law have been molded consciously, or unconsciously, by ideas as to what law is for; by theories as to the end of law.
a dollar sixty-five a day was simply not enough to feed them, and there was no use trying; and so each week they made an inroad upon the pitiful little bank account that ona had begun.
i came straight to it, by instinct, i suppose.
jurgis raised his head; what could that mean--a fire?
at first, i had to shut some gates after me, and now and then to stand still while the cattle that were lying in the banked-up pathway arose and blundered down among the grass and reeds.
which did not by any means relieve my anxiety.
then, too, the number of professional writers of special articles is comparatively small.
the individual aspiration is always defeated of its perfect fruition and expression, but it is never lost; it passes into the conglomerate being of the race.
we have half a dozen french girls--i suppose it's because the madame speaks the language.
what appears to have suggested the subject to the writer?
all of these forms belong to transition from the stability of the maturity of law to a new period of growth.
he has mastered papas weaknesses, fostered them, and taken advantage of them, until--to say all that i mean in a word, trotwood,--until papa is afraid of him.
it may accompany sensations not in themselves essentially painful; as for instance that produced by tickling the sole of the foot.
if she had left of her own accord, she might; not as it was, sir.
all these people are renters of ability; and their ability is inseparable from them and dies with them.
darkness had fallen on him in its place.
agricultural journals with a distinctly sectional circulation do not object to using syndicated articles, provided that the journals to which the article is sent do not circulate in the same territory.
it was very dark, very wet, very muddy, and so we splashed along.
the old unhappy loss or want of something had, i am conscious, some place in my heart; but not to the embitterment of my life.
i really must, in justice to the darling--for he is nothing less!--tell you how it was.
upon which mrs. pocket laughed and said, thank you, flopson, and settling herself in one chair only, resumed her book.
but mr. micawber being in difficulties, all considerations of private feeling must give way.
ill tell you, however, said i, whether you want to know or not.
it was like a wonderful poem to him, and he took it all in guilelessly--even to the conspicuous signs demanding immaculate cleanliness of the employees.
said mr. chillip, stirring it, but i cant resist so extraordinary an occasion.
jurgis and ona were not thinking of the sunset, however--their backs were turned to it, and all their thoughts were of packingtown, which they could see so plainly in the distance.
having selected this unifying basis, you must then be careful lest your subdivisions be only the subject restated in other words.
he stands before me again, his bluff hairy face irradiating with a joyful love and pride, for which i can find no description.
the doctor looked on her, henceforth, as steadfastly as she on him.
dora was talking to an old gentleman with a grey head.
that trying climate!--like living, they tell me, on a sand-heap, underneath a burning-glass!
let us throw away our candles and our torches.
--i dont mean your sister, trot, my dear, but myself--had a certain property.
when i looked down at the trampers whom we passed, and saw that well-remembered style of face turned up, i felt as if the tinkers blackened hand were in the bosom of my shirt again.
men esteem truth remote, in the outskirts of the system, behind the farthest star, before adam and after the last man.
oh, i have been a naughty and undutiful child!
we could see the brown speck against the darker background for many yards.
i make a great difference between you and all other people when i say so much.
it was not a verbal remark, but a proceeding in dumb-show, and was pointedly addressed to me.
for several reasons, and not least because i didnt clearly know what mr. jaggers would be found to be at, i replied in the affirmative.
said my aunt, with a perfect shake on the contemptuous interjection.
for, as the forefathers sang, we can make liquor to sweeten our lips of pumpkins and parsnips and walnut-tree chips.
but it is found that a considerable portion of the satisfaction which these things would bring us if they were realized is to be achieved by the much easier operation of believing that they are or will be realized.
they have no cause of their own to plead, but while they enlighten and sustain the reader his common sense will not refuse them.
one day a new kind of visitor showed up and sent in the card of a large oil company.
on the back of a photograph intended for reproduction the author should write or type a brief explanation of what it represents.
again hegel does not suspect a mistake but proceeds to synthesise particular and universal in the individual, or concrete universal.
the farmer will want to use, and properly so, the classified columns of the paper for his advertising.
where any people has made a temporary approach to such a character, it has been because the dread of heterodox speculation was for a time suspended.
that, for weeks gone by, i had passed faces in the streets which i had thought like his.
the most notable difference is that the metaphysical and historical jurists rely chiefly on primitive occupation of ownerless things, while the positivists have been inclined to lay stress upon creation of new things by labor.
he would work, for his part, and the women would work, and some of the children, doubtless--they would live somehow.
given the meanings of separate words, and the rules of syntax, the meaning of a proposition is determinate.
come, fellow-partner, said uriah, if i may take the liberty,--now, suppose you give us something or another appropriate to copperfield!
now, last, not least, mr. micawber, said i.
though the youth at last grows indifferent, the laws of the universe are not indifferent, but are forever on the side of the most sensitive.
a human truth, which is always very much a lie, hides as much of life as it displays.
and now you will kill him--you--you will kill him--and we shall die.
put the case that the child grew up, and was married for money.
since the independence of ideals is not yet acknowledged, power may be freely worshiped, and receive an unlimited respect, despite its wanton infliction of pain.
mr. jones is not of the biographers who look into the heart of a man, reduce him to a formula and recreate him in accordance with it.
better that our serene temples were deserted than filled with trafficking and juggling priests.
and then we contemplated one another afresh, and laughed again.
a stony business altogether, with heavy stone balustrades, and stone urns, and stone flowers, and stone faces of men, and stone heads of lions, in all directions.
he walked off eating the pie, as the least convenient thing to carry.
one is the temptation to be satisfied with superficial work hastily done.
as to the sick man's tips, the gratuity is no less a matter of keen interest and doubt at sixty than it is at twenty-six.
i was so surprised at first, said i, giving him welcome with all the cordiality i felt, that i had hardly breath to greet you with, steerforth.
said my aunt, with great indignation, i am not going to be serpentined and corkscrewed out of my senses!
copperfield, returned mr. spenlow, with a gracious smile, you have not known my partner, mr. jorkins, as long as i have.
oh, his sorrow is another and quite a different thing.
then she raised her voice and called out, citizen doctor!
mr. micawber immediately descended to the bar, where he appeared to be quite at home; and in due time returned with a steaming jug.
this is the frost coming out of the ground; this is spring.
said uriah, at last, ill give you another one, and i umbly ask for bumpers, seeing i intend to make it the divinest of her sex.
cried my aunt, shaking her head and her fist at the window.
not unnaturally demosthenes suggests it to an athenian jury.
the culture of an irishman is an enterprise to be undertaken with a sort of moral bog hoe.
it was like her self-forgetfulness to transfer the remark to my sister, and to get up and be busy about her, making her more comfortable; thats sadly true!
youre out in your reading of hamlet when you get your legs in profile.
here is an historical figure whom all men reverence and love, whom some regard as divine; and who was one of us--who lived our life, and taught our doctrine.
the aged especially, might have passed for some clean old chief of a savage tribe, just oiled.
he had been so cruel to me, that i might have effected a separation on easy terms for myself; but i did not.
she looked very steadfastly at mr. peggotty when he stood before her; and he looked quite as steadfastly at her.
well, the sight of me is good for sore eyes, as the scotch say, replied steerforth, and so is the sight of you, daisy, in full bloom.
something like this, also, after the jump of a century, was the attitude of employers and trade-unions all over the world toward industrial disputes.
such a statement will assist a writer in selecting his material, in sticking to his subject, and in keeping to one point of view.
though there was nothing very airy about miss murdstone, she was a perfect lark in point of getting up.
this batch is put into a specially constructed furnace--a brick box about thirty feet long by fifteen wide, and seven feet high at the crown of the arched roof.
and there he was to prove the truth of his words.
poor little tender-heart, said ham, in a low voice.
it is always well to be able to express this sentence.
they should be for ever stimulating each other to increased exercise of their higher faculties, and increased direction of their feelings and aims towards wise instead of foolish, elevating instead of degrading, objects and contemplations.
i should think it must have been as much as seven feet high.
the man could not be more particular as to the time at which he saw her (he got into dense confusion when he tried to be), than that it must have been before nine.
o. henry's public seems imaged in that young man.
i went down early in the morning, and alighted at the blue boar in good time to walk over to the forge.
i think this difficulty in the verbal expression of the temporal aspects of beliefs is one among the causes which have hampered philosophy in the consideration of time.
she went on; you have a promising career before you.
a clear and thorough analysis of the three elements of narrative writing, viz.
to this lady he presented me as his mother, and she gave me a stately welcome.
it is with a deep relief we signal the captain to bear off.
that aint a sort of man to see sitting behind a coach-box, is it though?
anything to equal the low cunning of his visage, and of his shadowless eyes without the ghost of an eyelash, i never saw.
and when they are happy, as on the evening now under consideration, they sing to express their satisfaction with life.
you will naturally be anxious to hear of the witness, miss manette.
if he tries to see what it means, what truth excuses it, he has the gift, and let him read.
i looked for single motives in everyone, said mr. wickfield, and i was satisfied i had bound him to me by motives of interest.
then, we had more tasks until tea, which mr. mell drank out of a blue teacup, and i out of a tin pot.
this release had befallen her some two years before; for anything i knew, she was married again.
on top of this were the rooms where they dried the tankage, the mass of brown stringy stuff that was left after the waste portions of the carcasses had had the lard and tallow dried out of them.
the expository type of article containing concrete examples, description, and interviews he concluded to adopt as the form best suited to his subject.
the image is, in one sense, occurring now; and therefore we must find some other sense in which the past event occurred but the image does not occur.
you may, said he, and i may decline to answer it.
we believe that some beliefs are true, and some false.
it gave me no manner of concern that steerforth should find me a novice in these sciences, but i never could bear to show my want of skill before the respectable littimer.
understanding a language is a case in point.
she flourishes most alone, far from the towns where they reside.
i also dreamed that i might gather the wild herbs, or carry evergreens to such villagers as loved to be reminded of the woods, even to the city, by hay-cart loads.
we sat there, talking about our pleasant old canterbury days, an hour or two.
since the essay is urbanely personal, it does not take itself too seriously.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
but, the moon was a good two hours higher than when i had last seen the sky, and the night, though rainy, was much lighter.
this, at least, is the light, my dear mr. copperfield, pursued mrs. micawber, in which i view the subject.
everyone appeared to feel that a parting of that sort was an awkward thing, and that the nearer it approached, the more awkward it was.
i have no business to be, at all, that i know of, said sydney carton.
the air of completeness and superiority with which she walked at my side, and the air of youthfulness and submission with which i walked at hers, made a contrast that i strongly felt.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
why, it was monstrous--it could not be allowed--there must be some help for it!
she is a timid little thing, and easily disturbed and frightened.
now this necessity for analysis exists in criticism of literature and art just as in criticism of rifles.
there stood the man whom i had seen on the settle at the three jolly bargemen on a saturday night, and who had brought me down with his invisible gun!
the floors of the bungalow are of hard wood.
did you ever think what those sleepers are that underlie the railroad?
mr. barsad has been recognised by miss pross as the affectionate brother you have heard of, said sydney, and has acknowledged the relationship.
the wild-goose is more of a cosmopolite than we; he breaks his fast in canada, takes a luncheon in the ohio, and plumes himself for the night in a southern bayou.
said mr. jaggers, looking shrewdly at me, and then shutting up his eyes while he waited for my answer.
when i am very disappointing, say, i knew, a long time ago, that she would make but a child-wife!
it did not seem strange to him that she should be so very much upset; all her fright and incoherent protestations did not matter since he had her back.
no such crime has ever been committed, and it is not for us to judge.
said stryver, with a plump of his fist on the desk.
he acquiescing, we followed at a distance: never losing sight of her, but never caring to come very near, as she frequently looked about.
if that publication rejects it, he will still have time enough to try it elsewhere.
two physical objects and two other physical objects must make four physical objects, even if physical objects cannot be experienced.
i thought one should hold one's breath before it as before the flicker of one's last match on a cold night in the woods.
my father, exclaimed lucie, you are ill!
what needs to be added is particular images compared and contrasted with the generalized image.
a much better way is to emphasize, as the results of wrong-doing, not only legal punishment and social ostracism, but the pangs of a guilty conscience, and the disgrace to the culprit and his family.
though the earth was cold and wet, the sky was clear, and the sun rose bright, placid, and beautiful.
well, said mr. barkis, carrying his eyes back to his horses ears; that mans been a-waitin for a answer ever since.
was there anything about me which would reveal my proceedings in connexion with the micawber family--all those pawnings, and sellings, and suppers--in spite of myself?
hence, even in revolutions of opinion, one part of the truth usually sets while another rises.
theres mr. dick, too, said traddles, has been doing wonders!
whatever any one has done successfully may be so presented that others can learn how to do it with equal success.
but i am done with this creed of corruption.
my aunt, i may observe, allowed my horse on the forbidden ground, but had not at all relented towards the donkeys.
otherwise, the place will be quickly forgotten, it will never be found when i am dead of the same malady, i shall be laid under some other heap of poor grass.
at portsmouth there is an old custom in connection with the removal of the blocks from under the ship which prescribes that the men shall sing at their work.
i'll have my head took off, if he was ever in it.
to the best of my judgement, no capacity of astonishment was left in me.
a black, wood-embraced lake lay at our feet; the long panorama of the catskills filled the far distance, and the more broken outlines of the shawangunk range filled the near.
we have a firm belief that it will rise in the future, because it has risen in the past.
the butcher and the porkman painted up, only the leanest scrags of meat; the baker, the coarsest of meagre loaves.
in the morning jurgis was given a cup of water and a piece of bread, and then hustled into a patrol wagon and driven to the nearest police court.
and slowly, slowly as a flush of blood, a red flame trembled in the wire.
he must understand which of its phases touch most closely the life and the interests of the average person for whom he is writing.
all that is inferable from language is that two instances of a universal, even when they differ very greatly, may cause the utterance of two instances of the same word which only differ very slightly.
moreover the catalogue of anomalies with which the bargain theory must wrestle contains more than one difficulty for the adherent of either theory.
she met me with her pleasant smile, and asked me how i liked the school.
in the following lectures, accordingly, this term will disappear until we have dealt with words, when it will re-emerge as mainly a trivial and unimportant outcome of linguistic habits.
nor had i long to watch, for, at the first chime of the half hour, he appeared in the street.
mrs. whimple confides to me that he is certainly going.
yet her friends would shake their heads and tell her to go slow; one could not count upon such good fortune forever--there were accidents that always happened.
this, at any rate, is the conclusion to which we are forced, so long as, with the behaviourists, we accept common-sense views of the physical world.
i am sure my family, my neighbors, my teachers in polotzk--all my world, in fact--strove together, by example and precept, to teach me goodness.
the wound had partially grown over, but there was an opening there that i did not see at the first glance.
in a few moments it became clear that madame haupt was engaged in descending the ladder, scolding and exhorting again, while the ladder creaked in protest.
the ship's bows are entered to the water at a steep incline.
we were at a loss to find a suitable attendant for her, until a circumstance happened conveniently to relieve us.
now, as in the sixteenth- and seventeenth-century reaction from the strict law, come those who would have nothing else; who would turn over the whole field of judicial justice to administrative methods.
a voice said to him,why do you stay here and live this mean moiling life, when a glorious existence is possible for you?
they, being commonly out of doors, heard whatever was in the wind.
then some one struck a match, and a lamp was lit and set on the mantelshelf.
nothing can rightly compel a simple and brave man to a vulgar sadness.
rather it expressed the nature of government.
she was insensible, and i was afraid to have her moved, or even touched.
it is a very long time since i tasted a slice of boiled beef; i have a suspicion that the thing is becoming rare.
as soon as the controlling purpose is known, however, they immediately become dangerous unless so placed as to bring the reader nearer the goal and not to push him from it.
there was, and is when i write, at the end of that low-lying street, a dilapidated little wooden building, probably an obsolete old ferry-house.
it was a great augmentation of my uneasiness to be bereaved, at this eventful crisis, of the inestimable services of miss mills.
violent blasts of rain had accompanied these rages of wind, and the day just closed as i sat down to read had been the worst of all.
much influence around him, has that doctor?
i tried to tell you, when we met today, something that has been in my thoughts since dora died.
the thing could not talk; but it could do almost anything else, so fearfully and wonderfully was it made.
but, joe had sanctified it, and i had believed in it.
in the heavy air of the room, and the heavy darkness that brooded in its remoter corners, i even had an alarming fancy that estella and i might presently begin to decay.
but a genuinely scientific philosophy cannot hope to appeal to any except those who have the wish to understand, to escape from intellectual bewilderment.
he went on and on down the road, finally coming to a black woods, where he hid and wept as if his heart would break.
i tell you, i regret it on account of others, but i am satisfied on my own account.
the very winds blew the indians cornfield into the meadow, and pointed out the way which he had not the skill to follow.
i went there frequently to observe their habits.
here again, what is related should be typical rather than exceptional.
mr. micawber tapped himself with the ruler.
in your own heart, do you feel quite certain?
i know one or two lines that would do, literature that might stand all over the land, which a man could remember till next december, and read again in the spring, after the thawing.
she put her needless candle in the shadow at a distance, crept up to his bed, and put her lips to his; then, leaned over him, and looked at him.
here is a crowd of ladies, young, so-so and some quite matronly, and all dressed in this same flamboyant finery of which i have spoken.
she had admitted us into her family and we her into ours.
there were literally hundreds of such towns; there would be reports from half a dozen of them in a single batch of telegrams.
in half circles to indicate whether they are beginning or end marks.
no logical absurdity results from the hypothesis that the world consists of myself and my thoughts and feelings and sensations, and that everything else is mere fancy.
funerals had at all times a remarkable attraction for mr. cruncher; he always pricked up his senses, and became excited, when a funeral passed tellson's.
here mr. drummle looked at his boots and i looked at mine, and then mr. drummle looked at my boots, and i looked at his.
i had a double-caped great-coat on, and over my arm another thick coat.
he was keeping open all night, and dozing between customers.
within a minute afterwards, he was, to all outward appearance, as unsubstantial as ever.
youd be sorry arterwards to have done it.
call to mind that i am a very helpless and defenceless little thing.
suddenly miss murdstone gave such a scream that i all but dropped it.
let us take as an illustration a matter about which none of us, in fact, feel the slightest doubt.
there has been a time when the element of spontaneity and individuality was in excess, and the social principle had a hard struggle with it.
i speak for myself, answered mr. lorry, and for mr. darnay, and for miss lucie, and--miss lucie, do you not think i may speak for us all?
what, said i to herbert, when he was safe in another chair,what is to be done?
no vivacious bacchanalian flame leaped out of the pressed grape of monsieur defarge: but, a smouldering fire that burnt in the dark, lay hidden in the dregs of it.
the soldier finished his page, lit his pipe again, and leisurely swung round in his chair.
it was like travelling into a far country, such as i had never expected to behold, to lie there for one night.
every establishment here has a piano, for music, with them, is a somber passion rather than a diversion.
i have never seen him, for he has always kept his room overhead, since i have known clara.
when we came into the country road, she permitted him to relax a little, however; and looking at me down in a valley of cushion by her side, asked me whether i was happy?
his name was mick walker, and he wore a ragged apron and a paper cap.
always proceeding from a rigid mouth and closed teeth, as if the jaw were locked and the face frozen up in pain.
here is a nathan for the modern david; here is a book to send the blood into mens faces.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
the interest of the impending pursuit not only absorbed the general attention, but even made my sister liberal.
wherein she was likewise much commended.
the beauty of writing an informal essay is that you can stop when you please, you do not feel the dread command of the subject.
said mr. peggotty, shaking his head, theers not so much left him, that he could spare the little as he has!
the question is, would you want anything?
in this process of analysis, the source of difficulty is tracked further and further back, growing at each stage more abstract, more refined, more difficult to apprehend.
he went into that part of his life, and a dark wild part it is.
its length, however, should be proportionate to the importance of that phase of the subject which it presents.
in science, again, we find all grades of certainty short of the highest.
the old names were best, for each aroused memory and begot strange dreams: flanders, brabant, the palatinate; picardy, valois, champagne, franche-comt; artois, burgundy, and bar.
in analyzing subjects it is necessary to discriminate between significant and trivial facts.
i was dumb when she leaned beside the harp again, playing it, but not sounding it, with her right hand.
simply because an occasional foreign professor gets higher pay--bah!
all the praise that anyone can give to c. p. barkis, she deserves, and more!
for several minutes jurgis sat perfectly motionless, watching him, and reveling in the strange sensation of the champagne.
this come to missis gummidge, he said, opening another, two or three months ago.
i ascended it now, in lighter boots than of yore, and tapped in my old way at the door of miss havishams room.
occasionally there was no way of satisfying them but to let them search the place to which the girl had been traced.
the promise of which my friend has spoken, is made and entered into with her cousin; christian name, ham; surname, peggotty; occupation, boat-builder; also of this town.
some stagger about in each other's arms, whispering maudlin words--others start quarrels upon the slightest pretext, and come to blows and have to be pulled apart.
but it's not worth your while to apostrophise me, or the air, about it; what you want to do, you do.
yes, replied darnay, looking at him with surprise.
the beach was a desert of heaps of sea and stones tumbling wildly about, and the sea did what it liked, and what it liked was destruction.
for one thing, each shows us a picture of some ultimate basis, beyond reach of the individual human will, that stands fast in the whirl of change of which life is made up.
making the same low, dreary, wretched moaning in her shawl, she went away.
they saw us, and their hands closed into fists, and the fists pulled their arms down, as if they wished their arms to hold them, while their body swayed.
it is impossible for a belief to consist of sensations alone, except when, as in the case of words, the sensations have associations which make them signs possessed of meaning.
jurgis could see her outstretched hands, shaking and twitching, roaming here and there over the bed at will, like living things; he could see convulsive shudderings start in her body and run through her limbs.
cannon, muskets, fire and smoke; but, still the deep ditch, the single drawbridge, the massive stone walls, and the eight great towers.
all the other furniture is plain and serviceable, you perceive.
as we struggled on, nearer and nearer to the sea, from which this mighty wind was blowing dead on shore, its force became more and more terrific.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
when i sat down by the side of the bed, he said that it did him a world of good to feel as if he was driving me on the blunderstone road again.
the greatest depth was exactly one hundred and two feet; to which may be added the five feet which it has risen since, making one hundred and seven.
also, that she had no other relations than two aunts, maiden sisters of mr. spenlow, who lived at putney, and who had not held any other than chance communication with their brother for many years.
perhaps the occupants of the new chair can do something of the sort for him.
he sought out the superintendent, who smiled grimly and bade him wait and see.
i hooked the apples, leaped the brook, and scared the musquash and the trout.
this time he talked for ten minutes at a stretch, and in the course of the speech he told jurgis all of his family history.
the error was unintentional, but it came very near costing the surety company a large sum of money.
a poor fellow with a craze, sir, said mr. dick, a simpleton, a weak-minded person--present company, you know!
completing his resemblance to a man who was sitting for his portrait, mr. lorry dropped off to sleep.
once more we are forced to admit that language, after all, is essentially poetry.
our anglo-american law of contracts was much influenced by this theory of equivalents.
thus our instincts certainly cause us to believe that the sun will rise to-morrow, but we may be in no better a position than the chicken which unexpectedly has its neck wrung.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
i said, with a becoming air of boldness, and looking very big at the mighty ocean.
i am supported from above: don't suffer for me.
sometimes in the twilight i alternately lost and recovered sight of one sitting motionless under my window.
she held him closer round the neck, and rocked him on her breast like a child.
you don't know the value of money, you live hard, you'll knock up one of these days, and be ill and poor; you really ought to think about a nurse.
i went on with my explanation, and told her how i had hoped to complete the transaction out of my means, but how in this i was disappointed.
i dont know what it was, in her touch or voice, that made that song the most unearthly i have ever heard in my life, or can imagine.
go on, said the bartender, you're nutty!
half a mile or so above the falls, on either side, the water of the great stream begins to run more swiftly and in confusion.
keep your eyes upon me, dear child, and mind no other object.
especially is this so when it serves no useful purpose.
mr. lorry did so, and they went down-stairs and out in the streets.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
they passed the day in the country, and the doctor was quite restored.
the girl who answered jurgis was busy, and as she talked she looked to see if she were being watched.
the student may read homer or schylus in the greek without danger of dissipation or luxuriousness, for it implies that he in some measure emulate their heroes, and consecrate morning hours to their pages.
she had her jacket off, like one of the workers on the killing beds.
he even developed a deceptive display of ferocity.
but when i fell into the mistake i have so long remained in, at least you led me on?
the constantly increasing list of theoretical anomalies shows that analysis and restatement can avail us no longer.
i have tamed that savage stenographic mystery.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
i thought so too, and i took him out for a walk next morning, and we talked immensely, understanding one another to perfection.
it is said that mirabeau took to highway robbery to ascertain what degree of resolution was necessary in order to place ones self in formal opposition to the most sacred laws of society.
every writer who intends to carry on his work in a systematic manner should keep a manuscript record, to assist him in marketing his articles to the best advantage.
i hope mrs. micawber and your family are well, sir, said my aunt.
so powerful is use, and so desirable to be good use in the beginning.
the face of evremonde is for a moment turned towards him.
the ringing of a distant bell, combined with the echoing of some cry or call along the passage by which i had come, interrupted the conversation and caused estella to say to me, now, boy!
undoubtedly, said the doctor, still walking me up and down with his hand on my shoulder.
to observe accurately, to feel keenly, and to interpret sympathetically and correctly whatever he undertakes to write about, should be a writer's constant aim.
the wind had gone down with the light, and so the snow had come on.
why did you who read this, commit that not dissimilar inconsistency of your own last year, last month, last week?
is not that a fight, looked at philosophically, to make one stand aghast?
janet was a pretty blooming girl, of about nineteen or twenty, and a perfect picture of neatness.
take a seat.---smoke not disagreeable, i hope?
i have been accustomed to see him at uncertain intervals, ever since i can remember.
i found, on glancing at the remaining contents of the newspaper, that mr. micawber was a diligent and esteemed correspondent of that journal.
what was the need of the time which philosophy was called upon to satisfy?
the same thing happens with logical principles.
the style, the house and grounds and entertainment pass for nothing with me.
there was no house now, no brewery, no building whatever left, but the wall of the old garden.
the adding machine--the uncanny sureness of it.
how does the home assistant plan work in households where two or more helpers are kept?
on either side of the railing of the prisoners' cage is an audience and a stage.
at the last moment there joined them marija berczynskas, who was a cousin of ona's.
[illustration] much surprised by the request, i took the note.
it grows as steadily as the rill oozes out of the ground.
theres the gentlman as youve heerd on, emly.
the later eastern empire carried it to the extreme.
when i lost everything that makes life dear, the worst of all my thoughts was that i was parted for ever from her!
under a dull lamp in the road, i wrote our two addresses on a leaf of my pocket-book, which i tore out and gave to her, and which she put in her poor bosom.
you have been silent for a long time, and now you are going to be cross!
only an intense realization of the purpose in one's mind, and a consistent bending of one's efforts to gain this end, bring simplicity, weightiness, and the powerful effect in the reader's mind.
as he said the word, a blow was struck upon the door.
that we, the neophytes, might have an excess of light shining upon us all at once, orders were given to let out twenty eight.
everything is like life, in my opinion, if you look at it in that point of view.
imperceptibly i became conscious of a change in biddy, however.
it is difficult to disentangle the truth and the error in this view.
johnson, on the morning of that day, had entertained boswell at breakfast in bolt court, and invited him to dine at thrale hall.
the process of manufacture of the humble bottle is a surprizingly involved one.
almost any other creature rudely and suddenly arrested in its career and clapped into a cage in this way would show great confusion and alarm.
of all these cries, and ten thousand incoherences, the prisoners!
hunting, trapping, and fishing are vocations for some men, and sport for many more.
what name was it, as i wrote up in the cart, sir?
you look into the article to find out whether you can't get an idea from it.
even in zero weather and at times when feed is most costly, her spring pullets more than pay their way.
we found a room with walls made of shelves, which held rows of manuscripts, from the floor to the ceiling.
madame haupt set the frying pan to one side and wiped her hands on her wrapper.
when he was refreshed with food and sleep he contemplated his journey again.
that done, with many added sentences of grateful friendship and warm attachment, all was done.
and the man himself was one of those who are marked up and down the pullman trails.
i believe this doctrine contains important new truth, and what i shall have to say will be in a considerable measure inspired by it.
designedly or not, he has so far set himself up for a leader of the minds of men; and he must see that his own mind is kept supple, charitable, and bright.
mr. pumblechook and mr. hubble declined, on the plea of a pipe and ladies society; but mr. wopsle said he would go, if joe would.
i raised the glass, and he went off over the window-sill in that crippled state.
and its special path is as novel as the boat itself.
about this time jurgis and ona also began a bank account.
to give advice or offer inducements to any one, is a social act, and may therefore, like actions in general which affect others, be supposed amenable to social control.
i looked into the room where i had left her, and i saw her seated in the ragged chair upon the hearth close to the fire, with her back towards me.
we lit the candle and we saw that our place had not been found and nothing had been touched.
it will therefore be desirable to consider explicitly the mathematical account of motion, with a view to making its logical possibility felt.
the horsemen abreast of that cart, frequently point out one man in it with their swords.
as i watched him in silence, he put his hand into the corner at his side, and took up a gun with a brass-bound stock.
i forget now where they chiefly went, but i think there were some among them that made voyages both to the east and west indies.
the fires smoulder as a crown of jewels around us, and smoke stands still in the air, in columns made blue by the moonlight.
cruncher could not be restrained from making rather an ostentatious parade of his liberality--i'd catch hold of your throat and choke you for half a guinea.
in the same early morning, i discovered a singular affinity between seeds and corduroys.
when her light appeared, i returned to miss havisham, and we started away again round and round the room.
but i should imagine that it was susceptible of a great many different modes of preparation, and it is obvious, considering what it is made of, that it could be brewed of almost any strength.
before the first streaks of daylight there came the crowding throngs of workingmen, shivering, and swinging their dinner pails as they hurried by.
to monsieur heretofore the marquis st. evremonde, of france.
he brought out the placard, which was quite a work of art.
the committee of the central body was now openly active in their behalf.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
hamilton, lemme interduce you--fren' the family--ole fren' the guv'ner's--works in the yards.
but the seeds flew wildly, for the hand of the golden one was trembling.
i shall choose friends among men, but neither slaves nor masters.
early manhood might be the most glorious time of all were it not that the sheer excess of life and vigor gets a fellow into continual scrapes.
* * * * his strenuousness is a battle-cry to the crowd.
mr. barkis, we had some grave talks about that matter, hadnt we?
fully a thousand men passed in this solemn procession, not one of them smiling or looking up.
the story of romulus and remus being suckled by a wolf is not a meaningless fable.
do not be alarmed by what i say, agnes, but in this state i saw him, only the other evening, lay down his head upon his desk, and shed tears like a child.
finding him so very friendly and companionable, it was then that i asked for the pen and ink and paper, to write to peggotty.
the other had halted, and jurgis suddenly noticed that he stood a little unsteadily.
it was easy to fit the two categories, delict and formal undertaking, which had come down from the strict law, into the new mode of thought.
and something else to the effect that there was a little too much of the best intentions going on.
but the woman who stood knitting looked up steadily, and looked the marquis in the face.
such games as happen are played but listlessly, and each little face is smirched.
i mean to explore those marshes for amusement.
for the making of a first-rate war correspondent there are required all the qualifications of a capable reporter in any other branch of the profession, and others besides.
we expect no further service of the destroyers.
said mr. micawber, with an air of constraint, i speak of my friend heep as i have experience.
they climb stairs and wait for receipts.
notes seek essentials, and therefore time should not be wasted on non-essentials.
your plate was stowed away among the neighbouring cesspools, and evil communications corrupted its good polish in a day or two.
but it is perfectly possible to believe in introspection without supposing that there is a single observer.
and he is not insensible who pays them the undemonstrative tribute of a sigh which is not a sob, and of a smile which is not a grin.
why, a batter-pudding, he said, taking up a table-spoon, is my favourite pudding!
the house being gone, he looked at what there was left.
little by little the scene grew plain: towering, black buildings here and there, long rows of shops and sheds, little railways branching everywhere, bare gray cinders underfoot and oceans of billowing black smoke above.
and where the deuce did you pick him up?
at the next corner she got out, of course; and as she had no more money, she had to walk the rest of the way to the yards in the pouring rain.
i sometimes left a good fire when i went to take a walk in a winter afternoon; and when i returned, three or four hours afterward, it would be still alive and glowing.
then he had more duffers and dope, and afterward was allowed three hours for exercise, in a long, cement-walked court roofed with glass.
a complete description of the existing world would require not only a catalogue of the things, but also a mention of all their qualities and relations.
the malady will wear out by and by, the doctors say, but in the meantime she has to lie down for a twelvemonth.
perhaps these questions are entertained only in youth, as most believe of poetry.
that you may begin, in a small way, to have a reliance upon yourself, and to act for yourself, said my aunt, i shall send you upon your trip, alone.
therefore, if self-evidence is a guarantee of truth, our ancestors must have been mistaken in thinking their beliefs about the antipodes self-evident.
i should have protested against this unnecessary demonstration in my honour, but that i saw peggotty, on the opposite side of the bed, extremely anxious i should not.
there is a fine ambiguity about the final phrase, but let that pass.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
i had engaged a bed at a decent alehouse close by, and was going out at the gate, when, happening to turn my head, i saw a light in the doctors study.
physics treats as a unit the whole system of appearances of a piece of matter, whereas psychology is interested in certain of these appearances themselves.
but her hands were estellas hands, and her eyes were estellas eyes, and if she had reappeared a hundred times i could have been neither more sure nor less sure that my conviction was the truth.
beyond the window lay a bird's-eye view of new york housetops, the white man's permanent tepee.
i hope it wasnt the boat that-- that father was drownded in?
do the words, figures of speech, sentences, and paragraphs in this article suggest to you possible means of improving your own style?
if the men were taken back without discrimination, he would lose his present place.
and that way the nation is moving, and i may say that mankind progress from east to west.
i began to think there was something disorderly in his being there at all, even if he had not been in the habit of putting his foot in the salt or the melted butter.
these people hated me with the hatred of cupidity and disappointment.
now, somebody was unsteadily contemplating his features in the looking-glass.
and when he could shout no more he still stood there, gasping, and whispering hoarsely to himself: by god!
enough house, said i; thats a curious name, miss.
i want our pet to like me, and be as gay as a butterfly.
as i put my glass to my lips, he glanced with surprise at the end of his neckerchief, dropping from his mouth when he opened it, and stretched out his hand.
he was as mute and senseless as the box, from which his form derived the only expression it had.
but that is the worst of strong heads; they make it so difficult to join up the chin and the back of the neck.
i do not surrender my treasures, nor do i share them.
america from the first has been part of the great english experiment--great because it is capable of learning from experience.
there was nothing left around us, nothing save night and a thin thread of flame in it, as a crack in the wall of a prison.
no, she was not an only child; she had a half-brother.
and now the bell begins to sound, and mr. omer and another come to make us ready.
marija paused for a moment or two, and then she added: most of the women here are pretty decent--you'd be surprised.
foulon who told my baby it might suck grass, when these breasts were dry with want!
let us try to state what is known in terms of sensible objects alone, without any element of hypothesis.
therefore, all the old bailey doors were well guarded--except, indeed, the social doors by which the criminals got there, and those were always left wide open.
it was no ground for summoning a defendant before the magistrate that he had made a promise and had broken it.
katarina had given me the bullet, and, of course, i felt a fool; but i derived some consolation from the fact that the other boys were being told off.
i beg to hand to my friend mr. thomas traddles my i.o.u.
he assumes that these rules are the principles of which he reads in the commentators on aristotle and that they may be compared to the axioms of the geometrician.
when he awoke the sun was shining hot in his face.
when the final accounts were made up, the socialist vote proved to be over four hundred thousand--an increase of something like three hundred and fifty per cent in four years.
they would not own the home at all, then, for nearly nine years!
she cried at parting, and confided her brother to my friendship as ham had done.
then, after many tests, we found the answer.
was the question he asked himself, in order to select the best point with which to begin his article.
he having, mr. quinion observed in a low voice, and half turning round, no other prospect, murdstone.
as if only the savage dwelt near enough to nature and truth to borrow a trope from them.
nevertheless, not a moment was lost; not a moment!
it was a feast to which not only honey-bees came, but bumble-bees, wasps, hornets, flies, ants.
call the roll of those whom you may know, and you will be surprised--no, scarcely surprised; merely interested--to find that nine-tenths of them do some additional work.
that cruel man with the wooden leg aggravated my sufferings.
they accepted, and went through the big halsted street gate, where several policemen were watching, and also some union pickets, scanning sharply those who passed in and out.
in the doctor's little household, as in very many others, the articles of daily consumption that were wanted were purchased every evening, in small quantities and at various small shops.
the ideal of an all-embracing synthesis, such as the middle ages believed themselves to have attained, recedes further and further beyond the limits of what seems feasible.
there are learned people who can tell you out of the statistics that beef-boners make forty cents an hour, but, perhaps, these people have never looked into a beef-boner's hands.
for such data he cannot afford to trust his memory.
i was soon within sight of mr. peggottys house, and of the light within it shining through the window.
i am not going to guess, at five o'clock in the morning, with my brains frying and sputtering in my head.
what i have endured, and do endure here, is insupportable.
but she still repeated the same words, continually exclaiming, oh, the river!
i am sorry to observe you are in mourning.
(this, of course, is a reflective analysis, not an account of the way perception appears to unchecked introspection.)
when so many things are not provided for.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
then he let her go; and as she ran into the little chamber where i used to sleep, looked round upon us, quite hot and out of breath with his uncommon satisfaction.
charles darnay--as was natural--asked him, in all good-humour and good-fellowship, what he did mean?
an old-fashioned man would have lost his senses or died of ennui before this.
but again there came upon me, for my relief, that odd impression that herbert pocket would never be very successful or rich.
what is the primary function of a successful novel?
but on every subject on which difference of opinion is possible, the truth depends on a balance to be struck between two sets of conflicting reasons.
they will see the other side of propositions and the other side of virtues.
the question of verifiability is in essence this: can we discover any set of beliefs which are never mistaken or any test which, when applicable, will always enable us to discriminate between true and false beliefs?
but above all harvest as early as possible, if you would escape frosts and have a fair and salable crop; you may save much loss by this means.
it follows that the number of numbers in the two rows must be the same.
you remember my predecessors, old peter mbrairs business?
the bulkheads are by now taking place of keel and bearing the huge weight of her on the water.
the suggestion is not appropriate to our dora.
ham, he presently resumed, hell hold to his present work, and go and live along with my sister.
said my aunt, as i turned my head indignantly, but get me a coach, my dear, and wait for me in st. pauls churchyard.
then come up, said the carrier to the lazy horse; who came up accordingly.
in this progress i was much annoyed by the abject pumblechook, who, being behind me, persisted all the way as a delicate attention in arranging my streaming hatband, and smoothing my cloak.
i used to hook her on to it every night.
i cannot bear to think of what did come, upon that memorable night; of what must come again, if i go on.
the entire equipment is of the most modern, from the boilers and motors in the power-plant and producer-gas-plant to the packing platforms.
his account of himself was so far attended with an agreeable result, that it led to his withdrawing his hand in order that he might have another hug of himself under the chin.
youre as proud of it as punch; aint you, aged?
each chicken is wrapped in one sheet of this waxed paper, and is then packed in a corrugated paper box made especially for sending chickens by parcel post.
it is commonly thought that by looking within we can observe all sorts of things that are radically different from the constituents of the physical world, e.g.
it matters not what the clocks say or the attitudes and labors of men.
in the evenings there was no place for him to go except a barroom; no place where there was light and warmth, where he could hear a little music or sit with a companion and talk.
she is your daughter, isnt she, mr. peggotty?
the records show that on sundays and holidays and on rainy days, when there is a minimum of physical activity among the patients, their seizures double and sometimes treble in number.
but it warnt old orlick as did it; it was you.
in the glare of august, when all the world is faint with heat, there is always a breeze in those cool recesses, always a noise, like the noise of water, among its lightly-hung leaves.
when we drove up to the blue boar after a drizzly ride, whom should i see come out under the gateway, toothpick in hand, to look at the coach, but bentley drummle!
in darien the mosquito man had found only indifference and prejudice; in norwalk he met active opposition.
accordingly, whether emotions are caused by changes in the viscera or by sensible objects, they contain elements which are sensations according to our definition.
the chemist whistled softly, as he read it.
in this way he tries to reconcile and harmonize the contentions of the rationalists with the arguments of the empiricists.
it grew in this wise: when we came to the bungalow last spring the family numbered three instead of the two of the year before.
i hope you may do better, yet; i hope you may correct yourself.
madame defarge met the lifted eyebrows and forehead with a cold, impassive stare.
thus i caught two fishes as it were with one hook.
or you can state concisely what not to do if there is chance for mistake.
at first, there were times, though she was a perfectly happy young wife, when her work would slowly fall from her hands, and her eyes would be dimmed.
there was one advantage, and only one that i know of, in mr. creakles severity.
mr. copperfield was very kind to me, and took a great deal of notice of me, and paid me a good deal of attention, and at last proposed to me.
you have a returned transport there, said the man who held the lines.
my flesh and blood--he looked at mrs. creakle as he said this--when it rises against me, is not my flesh and blood.
common sense unhesitatingly answers that there is.
to have all those noble romans alive before me, and walking in and out for my entertainment, instead of being the stern taskmasters they had been at school, was a most novel and delightful effect.
miss havisham, i answered, as delicately as i could, i believe i may say that i do know your story, and have known it ever since i first left this neighborhood.
the atlantic is a lethean stream, in our passage over which we have had an opportunity to forget the old world and its institutions.
i have been thinking, do you know, mr. dick, that i might call him trotwood?
and both daughters of the late leonard lewisohn were always interested and active in promoting this work.
moaned miss havisham, pushing away her gray hair with both her hands.
a trading-boat, with a sail of the softened colour of a dead leaf, then glided into his view, floated by him, and died away.
in this way hegel advances until he reaches the 'absolute idea', which, according to him, has no incompleteness, no opposite, and no need of further development.
said he, biting the side of his great forefinger as he frowned at me, you behave yourself!
we can give our brothers a new light, cleaner and brighter than any they have ever known.
extermination is good doctrine, my wife, said defarge, rather troubled; in general, i say nothing against it.
at the place alone where we went to press twenty-seven trade journals were printed every week, from one for butchers to one for bankers.
it had worked its will upon ona, this great beast--and now he had it, he had it!
i think they must have been taken out at random, for i am sure i tasted aniseed water, anchovy sauce, and salad dressing.
the former saw in contract a realization of the idea of liberty.
mr. pumblechook worked his head like a screw to screw it out of me, and said, is forty-three pence seven and sixpence three fardens, for instance?
we do like cowbirds and cuckoos, which lay their eggs in nests which other birds have built, and cheer no traveller with their chattering and unmusical notes.
he looked almost like a man inspired, as he said it.
it seemed to my imagination as if the portrait had grown womanly, and the original remained a child.
he had spoken so sensibly and feelingly of my weakness that i wanted to know something about his strength.
others assumed that it was a historically developed principle by which the future evolution of the law of contracts must be governed.
he was never to look on old ireland more, and only in fancy revisit her.
peggotty had now removed here for good; and had let her own house to the successor of mr. barkis in the carrying business, who had paid her very well for the good-will, cart, and horse.
and shark-headers is open to misrepresentations.
there is a work in several volumes in our circulating library entitled little reading, which i thought referred to a town of that name which i had not been to.
i am not suggesting that the non-existence of the past should be entertained as a serious hypothesis.
mr. peggotty was no less pleased than his nephew, though his modesty forbade him to claim a personal compliment so vociferously.
there they are, said herbert, coming out of the tap.
its tone made him uneasy, and the more so because of the inconsistency between it and the hasty letter i had left for him.
she set the dish on, touched my guardian quietly on the arm with a finger to notify that dinner was ready, and vanished.
in his opinion the subject of occupational choice should be debated thoroughly in the public schools.
i had looked into my affairs so often, that i had thoroughly destroyed any slight notion i might ever have had of their bearings.
the objective of my belief is an event which happened long ago, which i never saw and do not remember.
without i was informed agen, the danger aint so much to signify.
that sort of people.---are they really animals and clods, and beings of another order?
a true friend of man; almost the only friend of human progress.
but, i perfectly remember that i sat swilling tea until my whole nervous system, if i had had any in those days, must have gone by the board.
he is to execute the popular will, but he is not to neglect shaping it.
wherever the sentiment of the majority is still genuine and intense, it is found to have abated little of its claim to be obeyed.
and from the monsters, as the play unfolded itself, man was born, with the power of thought, the knowledge of good and evil, and the cruel thirst for worship.
he looked about him with the strangest air,an air of wondering pleasure, as if he had some part in the things he admired,and he pulled off a rough outer coat, and his hat.
in appearance the bottle-blowing machine is merely two circular platforms, revolving in the same horizontal plane, each carrying five molds.
not to divide with lucie her privilege as your child, companion, and friend; but to come in aid of it, and bind her closer to you, if such a thing can be.
that is not being addicted to stimulants.
i remonstrated, for he made no reply at all.
and jurgis managed to stammer out: i have worked for him in the yards.
this is very fine, but i am thinking that it is an easy matter for an austere emperor to jot down grandiose advice.
i say suicide advisedly, for mr. smith's irony is glitteringly edged.
when her coming up to look for me, an hour or so afterwards, awoke me, she said that my mother had gone to bed poorly, and that mr. and miss murdstone were sitting alone.
i had not got far into it, when i judged from her looks that she was thinking in a discursive way of me, rather than of what i said.
i am a briton, said miss pross, i am desperate.
style, or the manner in which ideas and emotions are expressed, is as important in special feature writing as it is in any other kind of literary work.
they put him down on our corner, meaning to lose him, but he crawled under the car, and they had to prod him out and throw stones before they could drive on.
then i stopped and remembered that nowadays wives--nice wives, that is--are not supposed to be helpmates to their husbands except in name; quite as spinsters no longer spin.
you know it is a capital crime, to mourn for, or sympathise with, a victim of the guillotine.
i conjured him, incoherently, but in the most impassioned manner, not to abandon himself to this wildness, but to hear me.
disposing these articles about him in skilful manner, he bestowed a parting defiance on mrs. cruncher, extinguished the light, and went out.
it doesn't matter how poorly you teach, so long as you write dull books for other professors to read.
in the above instance, if it was jones i met.
he looked at me--just as he used to look, sometimes--but i saw no recognition in his face.
traddles, who would not have smiled for the world, replied composedly: but you are a very good penman, sir.
yours is a long life to look back upon, sir?
nowadays both the gas and the rigid body are manufactured out of a more primitive and universal kind of matter.
in fact they are as harmless as flies.
learning is only possible when instinct supplies the driving-force.
and when we put our wires to this box, when we closed the currentthe wire glowed!
they would wrap up in all they owned, but they could not wrap up against exhaustion; and many a man gave out in these battles with the snowdrifts, and lay down and fell asleep.
a deceitful, bad-hearted girl, said mrs. joram.
to afford a popular flavour and attract the mob, he adds a steady current of what i may be allowed to call the rancid.
the process of bisection is one which can, theoretically, be carried on for ever, without any last term being attained.
it was the sole resource; for he told me that the case must be over in five minutes when the witness was there, and that no power on earth could prevent its going against us.
said he, repeating my words to biddy in the last interview i had with her.
even i myself began to know the want of money (i mean of ready money in my own pocket), and to relieve it by converting some easily spared articles of jewelery into cash.
in the commercial world it was a juggernaut car; it wiped out thousands of businesses every year, it drove men to madness and suicide.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
upon the top of the car was a brakeman, who shook his fist and swore; jurgis waved his hand derisively, and started across the country.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
then it turns to a dull sage green, and hurries more swiftly, smooth and ominous.
and indeed, i think we are all engaged, except the baby.
i was in very earnest proclaiming to the world my love for my newfound country.
all here, yourself excepted, saw the king take it, in his carriage in the street, sitting beside the queen.
before us stands our house, so pretty and unchanged, so linked in my mind with the young idea of what is gone, that all my sorrow has been nothing to the sorrow it calls forth.
she is playing her harp, said steerforth, softly, at the drawing-room door, and nobody but my mother has heard her do that, i believe, these three years.
we can give instances of the associated sense-data, but we cannot give instances of the actual physical objects.
i am in high repute for my accomplishment in all pertaining to the art, and am joined with eleven others in reporting the debates in parliament for a morning newspaper.
i think hume is right in holding that they should be ranked under distinct heads, with a peculiar name for each.
those who admit any limit to what a government may do, except in the case of such governments as they think ought not to exist, stand out as brilliant exceptions among the political thinkers of the continent.
i want to know, said i, and particularly, herbert, whether he told you when this happened?
presently manufacturers of equipment woke up to the fact that their mechanical men--inspectors and trouble shooters--had a basis of confidence which the salesman pure and simple was rapidly losing.
what are the properties we expect of instants?
i am glad to hope that there is nobody to blame for this one,--nobody to answer for it.
he meant ham, who beamed with delight and assent over the bag of shrimps.
on the steps of a church, awaiting the coming-up of the tumbrils, stands the spy and prison-sheep.
we seem, to me, to have been months over peregrine, and months more over the other stories.
because you must be sorry that you married me, or else you wouldnt reason with me!
monseigneur was about to take his chocolate.
i recollect well how indignantly my heart beat, as i saw his crafty face, with the appropriately red light of the fire upon it, preparing for something else.
now it is easy to see that the vessel cannot move until these shores have been taken away, yet, if they are removed, what is to prevent the ship from falling over?
but the analysis of change and continuity is not a problem upon which either physics or biology throws any light: it is a problem of a new kind, belonging to a different kind of study.
i thought it might be agreeable, my dear, said mr. omer.
if you are not located in the united states, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.
she is about to get the necessary copy for a special article in a morning paper.
wemmicks attention being thus directed to his brooch, he put down the cast, and polished the brooch with his pocket-handkerchief.
and the worst was, that i must decide quickly, or i should miss the afternoon coach, which would take me down in time for to-night.
she was limp with horror; but stiffened herself to make a dart at me, and take it out of my arms.
my health, severely impaired when i left england, was quite restored.
great fren's with the men, guv'ner--labor an' capital, commun'ty 'f int'rests, an' all that--hic!
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
there are those who, like cormorants and ostriches, can digest all sorts of this, even after the fullest dinner of meats and vegetables, for they suffer nothing to be wasted.
it is true an idea of compromise did lurk behind the theory of the metaphysical jurists in the nineteenth century.
as she was silently trembling, he put her shawl carefully about her, taking it up from the ground for that purpose.
said provis coming forward, with his little clasped black book, and then addressing himself to herbert.
she feels intensely, but she never loses her self-possession.
mr. attorney-general sat down, and the father and daughter sat down together.
i have often thought of you, said estella.
julia is steeped in money to the throat, and talks and thinks of nothing else.
the more i made faces and gestures to him to do it, the more confidential, argumentative, and polite, he persisted in being to me.
the whole power of mankind belongs to them, forever and beyond recall--do what it can, strive as it will, humanity lives for them and dies for them!
for, if his proof of the thesis of the antinomy were valid, and if the antithesis could only be avoided by assuming points, then the antinomy itself would afford a conclusive reason in favour of points.
of course it is not by argument that we originally come by our belief in an independent external world.
if it had been in my constitution to be a lighter grubber, i might ha got into lighter trouble.
mr. peggotty was waiting for us on deck.
it was perhaps a part of mrs. heeps humility, that she still wore weeds.
i see her, with her modest, orderly, placid manner, and i hear her beautiful calm voice, as i write these words.
her levity, her frivolous laughter, her unwomanly jests, gave colour to a thousand scandals.
casting my eyes along the street at a certain point of my progress, i beheld trabbs boy approaching, lashing himself with an empty blue bag.
mr. peggotty thrust forth his face; and never could i forget the change that came upon it when he saw us, if i were to live five hundred years.
the luxury of one class is counterbalanced by the indigence of another.
the winter went, and the spring came, and found them still living thus from hand to mouth, hanging on day by day, with literally not a month's wages between them and starvation.
i am merely telling why so few men in university work, or, for that matter, in most of the professions nowadays, can support wives until after the natural mating time is past.
at worst you will only find out the sort of person you are.
i was afraid they would soon see through me and pity poor carl.
the judges were small, thin men, grey and bent.
captions are necessary on the back of drawings as well as on photographs.
that must never be, croaked jacques three; no one must escape.
we wish nothing, save to be alone and to learn, and to feel as if with each day our sight were growing sharper than the hawks and clearer than rock crystal.
meanwhile, mr. waldengarver, in a frightful perspiration, was trying to get himself out of his princely sables.
how do we know that the sensation resembles the previous image?
these reports of experiments, surveys, investigations, and other forms of research, are to be found in printed bulletins, monographs, proceedings of organizations, scientific periodicals, and new books.
or when does the public trouble itself about universal experience?
and you, returned sydney, busy concocting the punch, are such a sensitive and poetical spirit-- come!
i explained that i knew nothing about it.
returned mr. micawber, after some uneasy evolutions on his stool, allow me to offer a remark!
i have no idea whether this took any time.
i shall think of it with a melancholy satisfaction when i wake up in the night.
i design to secrete it in the wall of the chimney, where i have slowly and laboriously made a place of concealment for it.
tommy hinds, as he was known to his intimates, was a squat little man, with broad shoulders and a florid face, decorated with gray side whiskers.
i needed no second permission; though i was by this time in such a state of consternation and agitation, that my legs shook under me.
copperfield, he said, removing his hand from his cheek, you have always gone against me.
but, it was only the pleasanter to turn to biddy and to joe, whose great forbearance shone more brightly than before, if that could be, contrasted with this brazen pretender.
the rooskis came over the crest-line in a huddle of massed battalions, and gazeka was after them like a rat after a terrier.
the doctrine of teleology, in its extreme form, as we find it in leibniz for example, implies that things and beings merely realise a programme previously arranged.
if i give you any clue to what i am, or to what i have been, you will unravel it, i know.
and more particularly, how can there be knowledge of general propositions in cases where we have not examined all the instances, and indeed never can examine them all, because their number is infinite?
seek her in a little while, my lone lorn danl, and thatll be but right!
thieves and thief-takers hung in dread rapture on his words, and shrank when a hair of his eyebrows turned in their direction.
does he ever come back to this neighborhood?
then, you know, being formed for society and admiration, and not being able to enjoy much of it in consequence of their limited means, she naturally gets a little irritable and exacting, sometimes.
she greeted agnes heartily, nevertheless; and we were soon in the lighted parlour downstairs, at dinner.
i told emly i adored her, and that unless she confessed she adored me i should be reduced to the necessity of killing myself with a sword.
actual examples are preferable to hypothetical ones, but the latter may occasionally be used when real cases are not available.
the very greatest care is necessary to determine what facts are true and what are fallacious.
all day and all night for nearly a whole week they wrestled with the problem, and then in the end jurgis took the responsibility.
we have our automobiles--over two and a half million of them--but they have ceased to be magic chariots to us.
mr. copperfield, returned mr. micawber, your confidence is not, at the existing juncture, ill-bestowed.
but the result is to turn composition for vengeance into reparation for injury.
in the morning, when i came out, the early church-bell was ringing, and he was walking up and down with his mother.
and for all the rest of my life, as i know now, i shall have to shave every morning in order to be ready for no more than this!...
(laying the palest shadow of a stress upon the second word.)
the expression in the forehead, which had so particularly attracted his notice, and which was now immovable, had deepened into one of pain and horror.
i remembered very well what she referred to, having had it in my thoughts many times that day.
the formlessness of the essay is to be held by an invisible web that is none the less binding, like the bonds of the fenris wolf.
carton took it up, and there was a folded paper in it.
it was raised for a moment, and a very faint voice responded to the salutation, as if it were at a distance: good day!
this is an agreeable doctrine, and it is not surprising that men are un willing to abandon it.
after a very short delay, she returned and took me up, staring at me all the way.
in another minute we were outside the gate, and it was locked, and estella was gone.
havent you heard her say, over and over again, that she thinks i am too thoughtless and too--a--a-- pretty, suggested peggotty.
she was particularly proud of her turn for business; and she showed it now in reducing everything to pen and ink, and being moved by nothing.
the basis of interest in the news story, the special feature article, and the short story is essentially the same.
the worldly hope men set their hearts upon turns ashes--or it prospers; and anon like snow upon the desert's dusty face lighting a little hour or two--is gone.
nothing, however, was concluded on the subject yet.
in this chapter we shall be concerned exclusively with knowledge of things, of which in turn we shall have to distinguish two kinds.
when the subject has refused allegiance, and the officer has resigned his office, then the revolution is accomplished.
she had nestled down with him, that his head might lie upon her arm; and her hair drooping over him curtained him from the light.
there remain two points to be considered concerning introspection.
as the tall man suddenly got up from the ground, and came running at the carriage, monsieur the marquis clapped his hand for an instant on his sword-hilt.
but, for all the cheerful matter-of-factness of the man, he, too, has seen visions.
the third day came and went, the fourth, the fifth.
there is a hedge along the road, and beyond the hedge lie the fields.
there seemed to come up from its waters and its vine-clad hills and valleys a hushed music as of crusaders departing for the holy land.
still, the long, long night seemed heavy and hopeless as ever, and no promise of day was in the murky sky.
david, i wish to god i had had a judicious father these last twenty years!
the aged was likewise occupied in preparing a similar sacrifice for the altar of hymen.
is the subject so presented that the average reader is led to see its application to himself and to his own affairs?
to be registered, as doomed to destruction, returned defarge.
he kept his very looks to himself, and scarcely directed his eyes to estellas face once during dinner.
the light.... then we knew nothing.
the beauty, fashion, and exclusiveness of port middlebay, flocked to do honour to one so deservedly esteemed, so highly talented, and so widely popular.
theres as many as six, you see, to choose from.
there are magazines that have a circulation of more than a million copies weekly.
the distinction of a body of work in which such specimens are undistinguished hardly requires comment.
he was tried again for prison breaking, and got made a lifer.
but the evidence seems not quite conclusive, so that i do not think we ought to forget the other hypothesis, or to reject entirely the possibility that mnemic causation may be the ultimate explanation of mnemic phenomena.
miss pross only shook her head and wept in silence.
said i, we must talk together a little more, as we used to do.
their performance, put together, is considerable, if not imposing.
in the breast of his blouse he carried some coarse dark bread; he ate of this between whiles, and sat munching and drinking near madame defarge's counter.
it assumes a complete body of law with no gaps and no antinomies, given authority by the state at one stroke and so to be treated as if every item was of the same date as every other.
this was one day, and the cold spell lasted for fourteen of them.
here somebody cried out, shame, j. steerforth!
take into consideration the hundreds of thousands employed in the mills, the men who cut and bring in the raw product, the countless number in the printing, publishing, and distributing trades.
what do we mean by saying that the motion is continuous?
do you recollect where you had it last, annie?
there are decent women in the house, i am told; and it is a pity such a light as you should be among them, and concealed.
so a barred door clanged upon jurgis and he sat down upon a bench and buried his face in his hands.
when tamoszius and his companions stop for a rest, as perforce they must, now and then, the dancers halt where they are and wait patiently.
in this case obviously the question of classification will depend on the definition that we make of christianity.
the only visitors i ever saw, or heard of, were creditors.
they had started down the street, arm in arm, the young man pushing jurgis along, half dazed.
we need therefore only examine the argument as regards time.
the jackal removed the towels from his head, which had been steaming again, shook himself, yawned, shivered, and complied.
he stood moodily rattling the money, and shaking his head, until at length he said: is this all you mean to give me, then?
once opined that for a mongrel he was a good dog, that a black cocker mother had thrown her cap over scottish mills, so to speak.
in contrast with the rapid, emphatic short sentence, it moves slowly and deliberately, and so is well adapted to the expression of dignified and impressive thoughts.
and mrs. crupp said she supposed eighteenpence would neither make me nor break me.
did you think of walking down to walworth?
but it leads to absolutely insoluble difficulties in the case of error.
when that person discloses, said mr. jaggers, straightening himself, you and that person will settle your own affairs.
and yet, when willing to stop being a lady, what could one do?
i assure you, my dear boy, says traddles, i am almost as pleased as if i were going to be married myself, to think that this event is coming to such a happy termination.
i recalled to his remembrance the morning after her departure, when we were all three on the beach.
my aunt mused a little while, and then said: mr. micawber, i wonder you have never turned your thoughts to emigration.
if these figures are so large that the mind cannot grasp them, it is well, by means of comparisons, to translate them into terms of the reader's own experience.
to press the matter would have seemed to be doubting his word, and never in their lives had any one of them ever spoken to a person of the class called gentleman except with deference and humility.
it is good; yea, indeed, it is: good phrases are surely, and ever were, very commendable.
i must do the best i can, for the present, i suppose.
when an article is returned, the writer needs to recopy only the cover page before starting the manuscript on its next journey.
gawaine did not distinguish himself in these studies.
then we raked up every straggling blade, till the whole field was a clean floor for the tedding and the carrying of the hay next morning.
for this exhibition, also, is largely selfish.
i know that your intentions are evil, said miss pross, and you may depend upon it, i'll hold my own against them.
i have seen blue eyes and golden hair there, and they looked charming when samson held them up.
and then, he continued, place beside this fact of an unlimited food supply, the newest discovery of physiologists, that most of the ills of the human system are due to overfeeding!
scientists declare that this premature collapse of nerve force is increasing to such an extent as to become a positive menace to the general welfare.
it is intermediate in its nature between land and sky.
he could do this, so he explained to them, for the reason that he had himself no interest in their sale--he was merely the agent for a company that had built them.
you would be delighted to see that household.
he was not a salesman, but an investigator of oil problems.
oh, father, i should so like to be a resurrection-man when i'm quite growed up!
these foliaceous heaps lie along the bank like the slag of a furnace, showing that nature is in full blast within.
and that mr. jaggers mr. jaggers, said miss havisham, taking me up in a firm tone, had nothing to do with it, and knew nothing of it.
the style that befits either of these extremes, once chosen, brings with it its necessary disabilities and dangers.
thus all judgements as to what is useful depend upon judgements as to what has value on its own account.
he would sometimes exclaim, how i love to talk!
during the summer and fall jurgis and ona managed to pay her back the last penny they owed her, and so she began to have a bank account.
my quickness of apprehension seemed to please him, and he went on: now i consider this is principally on account of her being in an unsettled state, you see.
was that criminal in the eyes of the republic?
new york farmers were as hard hit as any other farmers, particularly in the fruit sections, where a tremendous labor supply falls suddenly due at harvest time.
she was sure that in my every purpose i should gain a firmer and a higher tendency, through the grief i had undergone.
it has since been considered almost a miracle that my aunt didnt shake him, and shake what he had to say, out of him.
not that i could see them now, for they were cast down, and shaded by his hand; but i had noticed them a little while before.
the suitor, kissing the hem of the garment again before relinquishing it, replied, habraham latharuth, on thuthpithion of plate.
we went into the town, and took our burden to the inn.
i have ceased to carry my light burden up and down stairs now.
mr. herbert, said wemmick, after being all of a heap for half an hour, struck out a plan.
it is an essentially tame and civilized literature, reflecting greece and rome.
how are we to know, in a given case, that our belief is not erroneous?
so attentively, and with so much confidence in what you say, that for the moment i lose sight, touching the back of the doctor's chair, even of this distress.
the barrier was closed and strongly guarded when they rode up to it.
yet it is so strong that it must force an outlet for itself; hence it becomes necessary to entertain whole systems of false beliefs in order to hide the nature of what is desired.
little of the power will go for the benefit of the steamer though.
to[=()]morrow half circles connecting words or letters indicate that they are to be brought together; thus, tomorrow.
it is partly for this reason that it is so important to understand the fundamental position of instinct in prompting both animal and human behaviour.
here again short words have an advantage over long ones.
the fear of losing joes confidence, and of thenceforth sitting in the chimney corner at night staring drearily at my forever lost companion and friend, tied up my tongue.
the speaker was gone; but there was a stage door that stood open, with people passing in and out, and no one on guard.
therefore it cannot be destroyed by the whim of one.
we shall need the days and the years ahead, to look, to learn, and to understand the things of this house.
between the shame of this and his woe jurgis could not stand it, and got up and rushed out into the rain.
it were to be desired that all literary work, and chiefly works of art, issued from sound, human, healthy, and potent impulses, whether grave or laughing, humorous, romantic, or religious.
the real secret of the beauty and terror of the falls is not their height or width, but the feeling of colossal power and of unintelligible disaster caused by the plunge of that vast body of water.
if you two gentlmen, gentlmen growed, said mr. peggotty, dont ex-cuse me for being in a state of mind, when you understand matters, ill arks your pardon.
love was above all earthly considerations, and i loved dora to idolatry, and dora loved me.
the recruiting officer laid down his tools, pulled out a pipe, and sat down comfortably under a small sycamore tree at the roadside.
this distinction is vital to the understanding of memory.
it was two or three hours past midnight when i got home.
carlson devised a method of ascertaining exactly the nature of hunger by measuring and comparing the degrees of this sensation, have investigators along this line of scientific research been able to reach any definite conclusion.
once more there was an infusion into law of ideas from without the law.
how, pray, did he get these in mid-winter?
writing about them, he is only writing about himself.
after ices and cakes and coffee a roast or a soup is positively offensive; the cook wisely wins the battle of the spit and the dripping pan while the epicure is still receptive.
so strong was the impression, that i stood under the beam shuddering from head to foot before i knew it was a fancy,though to be sure i was there in an instant.
murdered his master, and, considering that he wasnt brought up to evidence, didnt plan it badly.
it was nothing at all unusual for mr. micawber to sob violently at the beginning of one of these saturday night conversations, and sing about jacks delight being his lovely nan, towards the end of it.
most difficulties, however, occur through lack of considering just what the problem involves, and through lack of sufficiently simplifying the material.
this made it hard for teta elzbieta all day, and for the children when they could not get to school.
this machine constitutes the front vehicle of the train, with the bridge facing the grade and the projecting boom overhanging the track.
i am very much obliged to anybody who assists me, and i only want to be consulted as a mere form, sometimes.
my sensation of the star is associated with the place where i am and with the place where the star is.
she petted them, as i may say, and made the most of them.
you may read the lords prayer backwards, if you like,and, perhaps, have done it before to-day.
when we say that it is a relation of four terms, we do not mean that othello has a certain relation to desdemona, and has the same relation to loving and also to cassio.
* the view that such a criterion exists is generally held by those whose views are in any degree derived from hegel.
could i defend my conduct if i did not, sir?
there is no logically necessary connection between events at different times; therefore nothing that is happening now or will happen in the future can disprove the hypothesis that the world began five minutes ago.
said a ragged and submissive man, it is a child.
but if this sort of interest is included, it is not the case that matter has no importance for us, provided it exists even if we cannot know that it exists.
some three years, or three years and a half ago.
he noticed that though orchardists were following spraying schedules--the best they could find--some had splendid results in controlling apple scab and other pests, but others got results ranging between indifferent and poor.
an old red-brick mansion, used as a school, was in its place; and a fine old house it must have been to go to school at, as i recollect it.
is a man who serves the state in legislative or judicial capacity and at the same time writes novels to be called a statesman or a man of letters?
herbert himself had come of age eight months before me.
he had gone into business, and found himself in competition with the fortunes of those who had been stealing while he had been fighting.
we followed her at a short distance, our way lying in the same direction, until we came back into the lighted and populous streets.
the carpenter had thoughtfully run two strips up to the roof and this enabled us to fill in by cutting and turning in the cloth.
in the case of slowly changing things, this is easily seen.
the importance of time is rather practical than theoretical, rather in relation to our desires than in relation to truth.
if there is an aspect of a given thing in a certain private space, then we correlate the place where this aspect is in the private space with the place where the thing is in perspective space.
i tried to lay my mind before her, truly, and entirely.
theres a song that says, id crowns resign, to call her mine!
i replied, as i usually did whenever i had a chance, that nobody had ever loved anybody else as i loved dora.
my love, masr davy--the pride and hope of my art--her that id have died for, and would die for now--shes gone!
sometimes several instances are related in the introduction before the writer proceeds to generalize from them.
he caps the bottles with another twist of the lever, sprays the whole with a hose, picks up the load and pushes it through the horizontal dumb-waiter, where another attendant receives it in the packing-room.
dora and i were sitting on the sofa by and by, quiet enough, and jip was lying in her lap, winking peacefully at me.
to whom my sister, more for the relief of her own mind than for the gratification of his, related my pretended experiences.
i say its very hard i should be made so now, returned my mother, pouting; and it is--very hard--isnt it?
if ye have iver had onything to do wid shperrits, said he, and looked inquiringly at jurgis, who kept shaking his head.
it had forced the price of cattle so low as to destroy the stock-raising industry, an occupation upon which whole states existed; it had ruined thousands of butchers who had refused to handle its products.
he was more of a man of the world than most of his colleagues and treated the boys as though they were men of the world too--for instance, he never referred to them as boys.
this seems plainly absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
give me for my friends and neighbors wild men, not tame ones.
he was conscious of this, and put a constraint upon his head; but his keeping that immovable, and sitting rolling his eyes like a piece of machinery, did not mend the matter at all.
his cry was so like a cry of actual pain, that it rang in charles darnay's ears long after he had ceased.
he is a man who commands respect and dignity--and receives it.
her rage got the better of her again, for a moment; but it passed over her face like a spasm, and left her smiling.
so jurgis drank a large glass of whisky, and then turned to the lunch counter, in obedience to the other's suggestion.
she received my attentions with favour; but whether on my account solely, or because she had any designs on red whisker, i cant say.
and he must unify the approach to both intellect and emotions.
kurd--colored yarn run through the end web.
have i no power for good, with you, at all?
you can refer to it there, which will be good business all round.
the simpering fellow with the weak legs, who had taken agnes down, stated the question more decisively yet, i thought.
if the thing were gone, my dear manette, might not the fear go with it?
the use of words is, of course, primarily social, for the purpose of suggesting to others ideas which we entertain or at least wish them to entertain.
britannia, that unfortunate female, is always before me, like a trussed fowl: skewered through and through with office-pens, and bound hand and foot with red tape.
there was another in with compeyson, as was called arthur,not as being so chrisend, but as a surname.
biddy looked down at her child, and put its little hand to her lips, and then put the good matronly hand with which she had touched it into mine.
indeed, i begin to think we are not much alike in any particular, you and i.
when you may never care to come near the place again!
sarah has something the matter with her spine, poor girl.
if we saw future events in the same immediate way in which we see past events, what kind of free will would still be possible?
pythagoras held that number is the constitutive essence of all things, yet no two numbers could express the ratio of the side of a square to the diagonal.
i asked him if he ever wished to write his thoughts.
marija was crying with fright and the children were wailing in sympathy--little stanislovas in addition, because the terror of the snow was upon him.
then only was he permitted to be seen, spectacularly poring over large books, and casting his breeches and gaiters into the general weight of the establishment.
in a few minutes she had ascended out of that clear field, in among the piled mountains of cloud.
we talked a good deal as we walked, and all that biddy said seemed right.
the socialists were organized in every civilized nation; it was an international political party, said ostrinski, the greatest the world had ever known.
such were the new surroundings in which elzbieta was placed, and such was the work she was compelled to do.
my friend mr. dick, replied my aunt proudly, is not a common man.
he soon became known to every boy in the school; and though he never took an active part in any game but kite-flying, was as deeply interested in all our sports as anyone among us.
even the most conveniently arranged library, with the most accommodating librarian, is rather formidable unless one knows the method of approach.
it proved to be a long mile and a half, but they walked it, and half an hour or so later the agent put in an appearance.
they had always been decent people at home, and it seemed to him that the memory of old times ought to have ruled her.
if there is anything in the world, said my aunt, with great decision and force of manner, that mr. dick is not, its that.
whom i so respect and honour--whom i so devotedly love!
there was nothing else for her to do, she said, and nobody to employ her.
and that afternoon he came home with a story of how while he had been digging away with a stick, a lady upon the street had called him.
the minute you become personal in this world you become interesting.
a few types among these stories may be specified.
but it must not be on me, trotwood, returned agnes, with a pleasant smile.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
you may wonder what his rigmarole, his amateur paganini performances on one string or on twenty, have to do with your planting, and yet prefer it to leached ashes or plaster.
likewise retail prices to consumers were chiefly regulated by the same standard.
this subject has considerable interest as an independent branch of mathematics, but it has very little to do with real logic.
grow wild according to thy nature, like these sedges and brakes, which will never become english hay.
now, said estella, gliding away the instant i touched her cheek, you are to take care that i have some tea, and you are to take me to richmond.
i lighted on you, mr. barsad, coming out of the prison of the conciergerie while i was contemplating the walls, an hour or more ago.
unless he wants to get rid of the friend,and then it becomes a question how much portable property it may be worth to get rid of him.
but then we were not ashamed to use providence in the old drama.
might a mere warmint ask whose property?
o the long, long night, with the moans of the poor wife!
her chronicles inform us when her wild animals, but not when the wild man in her, became extinct.
specially hardened surfaces on pistons and tappets are needed as well as large wearing surfaces, or renewable bushings, for the tappet to rock on.
and you are looking forward with so much pleasure to seeing him once more to-morrow!
said the stranger, quickly, and cocking his eye at me.
told in the first person, often anonymously, a well-written confession article is one of the most effective forms in which to present facts and experiences.
one excellent filing device that is both inexpensive and capable of indefinite expansion consists of a number of stout manilla envelopes, large enough to hold newspaper clippings, printed reports, magazine articles, and photographs.
the printed proceedings of scientific and technical societies, including the papers read at their meetings, as well as monographs and books, are also valuable.
pressing his hand to his bewildered head, darnay sat down at the table.
i vill save your wife und baby for you, and it vill not seem like mooch to you in de end.
my wounds broke out afresh at this intelligence.
i positively sometimes cant believe it, said traddles.
she is an edge-tool, and requires great care in dealing with.
it was silently acquiesced in, and they passed her over the seats in the hall to a raised place, where he, by leaning over the dock, could fold her in his arms.
we may therefore admit--though with a slight doubt derived from dreams--that the external world does really exist, and is not wholly dependent for its existence upon our continuing to perceive it.
i could not do that, having promised to ride back to my aunts at night; but i would pass the day there, joyfully.
the pneumatic dredges are those in which the material from the bottom is forced into the suction tube and thence into the discharging pipe, by the action of continuous jets of compressed air turned upward into the tube.
when the angel of death alighted there, my child-wife fell asleep--they told me so when i could bear to hear it--on her bosom, with a smile.
as if i had besought them as a favor to bother my life out.
this other gentleman, observed joe, by way of introducing mr. wopsle, is a gentleman that you would like to hear give it out.
the bases of liability were culpable conduct and legal transaction, and these came down to an ultimate basis in will.
tabriz--reddish yellow, the design sometimes resembling a baseball diamond.
by a succession of radiations the development of meanings may become almost infinitely complex.
i acquiesced, of course, knowing nothing to the contrary.
it was told me by the bank that the gentleman would explain to me the details of the business, and that i must prepare myself to find them of a surprising nature.
in determining the causes of an epidemic no clue is to be left unexamined until all possibilities have been exhausted.
i am free to confess that if it could be done, it might be well, but-- and miss mills shook her head.
whether it was a criminal act that i had committed?
i catch shiners with fish-worms, and bait the perch with them.
he is right there, jacques, murmured defarge, to him who had interrupted.
they approach us, and they stop, laughing, knowing what we think, and they wait obediently, without questions, till it pleases us to turn and go on.
there seemed to be something very comical in the reputation of mr. brooks of sheffield, for both the gentlemen laughed heartily when he was mentioned, and mr. murdstone was a good deal amused also.
nowhere is this more strikingly shown than in the quick and generous response that comes in answer to every call for aid for those in distress.
the doctor was quite happy in the prospect of our going to work together on that wonderful performance, and we settled to begin next morning at seven oclock.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
these doctors commons fellows are the gayest men in town, i believe, and beat us sober oxford people all to nothing!
i had to restrain my impatience for some time, on account of twenty seven being reserved for a concluding effect.
and the other night i had to take the hook, now useless, off; we couldn't stand hearing it jingle.
you must hire or squat somewhere, and raise but a small crop, and eat that soon.
their head fell back, and their arms fell, as if their arms and their thin white neck were stricken suddenly with a great lassitude.
ill stay with you till i am a cross cranky old woman.
that old, double look was on me for a moment; and then his eyes darkened with a frown, as it turned, in its aversion, elsewhere.
the average person is not attracted by pure exposition.
i am afraid it would have been better, if we had only loved each other as a boy and girl, and forgotten it.
so butchers rake the tongues of bison out of the prairie grass, regardless of the torn and drooping plant.
every man has to learn the points of compass again as often as he awakes, whether from sleep or any abstraction.
you have been through the mill, comrade!
because there was nothing else to do, he went back to the time office to watch again.
how different i felt in one short minute, having agnes at my side!
no wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.
figures of speech, however, are great aids, not only to clearness and conciseness, but to the vividness of an article.
you will find her father a white-haired old man, said my aunt, though a better man in all other respects--a reclaimed man.
since a small group of thoughts is more easily grasped than a large one, paragraphs in journalistic writing are usually considerably shorter than those of ordinary english prose.
jurgis was not able to figure, except it was a very simple sum, but ona was like lightning at such things, and she worked out the problem for the family.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
when he said a dollar and a quarter, the woman laughed in his face.
(it had happened in the place where he and duane had taken refuge from their country customer.
but i bethought myself that i was in a boat, after all; and that a man like mr. peggotty was not a bad person to have on board if anything did happen.
if you really don't want to endanger my existence--which i half believe you do--go your ways as soon as possible, and let me go mine.
a command over our passions, and over the external senses of the body, and good acts, are declared by the ved to be indispensable in the minds approximation to god.
she moved into a five-room apartment which cost her ninety dollars, but she had larger rooms and a newer building with more up-to-date improvements than she had had before.
the following statement of the problem of the development of power machinery is made rather formally from the angle of the constructive engineer with an eye also to the financial conditions.
there lay his old clothes curled up by use, as if they were himself, upon his raised plank bed.
i should like to read all that caine has written.
i have sometimes disturbed a fishhawk sitting on a white-pine over the water; but i doubt if it is ever profaned by the wing of a gull, like fair haven.
he opened a door before them, and then pressed another button, as they staggered into the apartment.
it is so, assented defarge, without being asked.
the gates were down, and a long train of freight cars was thundering by.
and what sort of evidence is logically possible?
in glancing through current publications, the average reader is attracted chiefly by headlines or titles, illustrations, and authors' names.
put the case that he lived in an atmosphere of evil, and that all he saw of children was their being generated in great numbers for certain destruction.
pain is a distinct sensory quality equivalent to heat and cold, and its intensity can be roughly graded according to the force expended in stimulation.
to begin then: i suppose you know which are square numbers, and which not?
was there any law compelling them to give their money to their alma mater?
the men were called up first, and reprimanded in a bunch, and then dismissed; but, jurgis, to his terror, was called separately, as being a suspicious-looking case.
now, copperfield, you are so exactly what you used to be, with that agreeable face, and its so pleasant to see you, that i shant conceal anything.
on his taking the recorders,very like a little black flute that had just been played in the orchestra and handed out at the door,he was called upon unanimously for rule britannia.
boats--rafts--and the glass is falling at a rate that shows bad weather over the western horizon!
now, i think there is something very fair and honest about that!
though we have many substantial houses of brick or stone, the prosperity of the farmer is still measured by the degree to which the barn overshadows the house.
i never heard anything like this person in my life!
wemmick, said i, do you remember telling me, before i first went to mr. jaggerss private house, to notice that housekeeper?
philosophically the idea seems to be that of the equivalent theory, in the form with which we are familiar in anglo-american discussion of this subject as the injurious-reliance theory.
everywhere was tumult, exultation, deafening and maniacal bewilderment, astounding noise, yet furious dumb-show.
the dinner was simple and abundant, and the conversation at the tables of a lively and cheerful nature.
i tried to bring her idea before him in any form; i even reproached him with not having firmness to spare her the knowledge of such a scene as this.
behold me, on my gallant grey, bending at the side of miss mills, with my hand upon the carriage door!
a little wood-sawyer, having closed his shop, was smoking his pipe at his shop-door.
does she show tact in approaching the reader?
it was pretty far in the night, said peggotty, when she asked me for some drink; and when she had taken it, gave me such a patient smile, the dear!--so beautiful!
after a while and when it might be prudent, if you should want to slip tom, jack, or richard on board a foreign packet-boat, there he isready.
her mother let down two tucks in her frocks only last week.
but now mr. spenlow came out of the house, and dora went to him, saying, look, papa, what beautiful flowers!
i should like to be as sure of that, as you are kind enough to say you are, i answered, smiling.
the veil that has long been interposed between mrs. micawber and myself, is now withdrawn, said mr. micawber; and my children and the author of their being can once more come in contact on equal terms.
the other side of the globe is but the home of our correspondent.
and the greatest of these is freedom.
he traveled upon the railroad with several other men, hiding in freight cars at night, and liable to be thrown off at any time, regardless of the speed of the train.
now, turn to that paper, and tell me whether it distinctly states that the prisoner expressly said that his legal advisers instructed him altogether to reserve his defence?
but in his intellectual life what vestige do we find of the greek or even of the roman sobriety, poise and decorum?
no; she was acquitted.my poor handel, i hurt you!
or do you kiss my hand in the same spirit in which i once let you kiss my cheek?
i do not wish to revive the memory of past differences, or of past outrages.
i could not help glancing round, in search of the accommodation remaining for mr. and mrs. traddles.
in time i were able to keep him, and i kep him till he went off in a purple leptic fit.
the old battery out on the marshes was our place of study, and a broken slate and a short piece of slate-pencil were our educational implements: to which joe always added a pipe of tobacco.
a serious drawback in the student life is the self-consciousness, bred of too close devotion to books.
his judges sat upon the bench in feathered hats; but the rough red cap and tricoloured cockade was the head-dress otherwise prevailing.
an instance happened before dinner was done.
first of all, the one who really loves outdoor life, who can find in woods and water compensation for the wear and tear of summering with schoolgirls.
the hands of these men would be criss-crossed with cuts, until you could no longer pretend to count them or to trace them.
his second and his subsequent orders depend upon how you satisfy him and continue to satisfy him.
listen then, jacques, number one of that name sternly interposed.
a sound of craving and eagerness that had nothing articulate in it but blood.
accordingly roman jurists distinguished civil obligations and natural obligations--those recognized and secured legally and those which primarily had only a moral efficacy.
mr. stryver had left them in the passages, to shoulder his way back to the robing-room.
i mustnt be put upon, as a numble person, too much.
the active power behind the cauldrons of soup, cabbage and frankfurters, beans and rice pudding is vested in mrs. james a.
our nature is as much a fact of the existing world as anything, and there can be no certainty that it will remain constant.
he would be a donor from the beginning; before he can be seen to own, he will disencumber, and divide.
and we fell back on the guitar-case, and the flower-painting, and the songs about never leaving off dancing, ta ra la!
why has man just these species of animals for his neighbors; as if nothing but a mouse could have filled this crevice?
at present i have two entire floors and often have so many waiting that it is next to impossible to pass through the entrance hall.
as for the little brook, any pond edge or brookside nearby has arrowheads, forget-me-nots, cardinal flowers, blue flag, clumps of beautiful grasses, monkey flowers, jewel-weed and the like.
there was a melancholy wind, and the marshes were very dismal.
confining ourselves, for the moment, to sensations, we find that there are different degrees of publicity attaching to different sorts of sensations.
no, said joe; none but a runaway convict now and then.
i never had any reason to doubt the exact truth of what he thus told me.
you can hear him howling as he is tortured.
during the long period of our engagement i became almost as well prepared for my lifework as carl was for his.
when we decide in the morning that it is time to get up, our consequent movement is voluntary.
so many times, that i really did not exactly know what to do: so i took a few turns up and down the room in my uncertainty, and came back again.
if i didnt support a aged pairint, and a lovely sister,--here the waiter was greatly agitated--i wouldnt take a farthing.
i never knew joe to remember anything from one sunday to another, or to acquire, under my tuition, any piece of information whatever.
in spite, however, of a difficulty in distinguishing the two forms of memory in practice, there can be no doubt that both forms exist.
beyond the foot of the falls the river is like a slipping floor of marble, green with veins of dirty white, made by the scum that was foam.
many a day i had suffered hunger because i durst not spend the few coins i possessed; the food i could buy was in any case unsatisfactory, unvaried.
may he have mercy on all who are in danger!
the great doctor's gospel of encouragement is indeed a happy companion for the midnight reader.
after this memorable event, i went to the hatters, and the bootmakers, and the hosiers, and felt rather like mother hubbards dog whose outfit required the services of so many trades.
nibbie was shabby-genteel black, sunburnt as to the mustache, grizzled as to the raggy fringe on his haunches.
only one thing more, said mr. lorry, laying stress upon it as a wholesome means of enforcing her attention: he has been found under another name; his own, long forgotten or long concealed.
now, said mr. lorry, gently laying his hand on the doctor's arm again, after a short silence on both sides, to what would you refer this attack?
thus when we realize the nature of knowledge, berkeley's argument is seen to be wrong in substance as well as in form, and his grounds for supposing that 'ideas'--i.e.
outlining the subject fully involves thinking out the article from beginning to end.
mr. micawber withdrew, and was absent some little time; in the course of which mrs. micawber was not wholly free from an apprehension that words might have arisen between him and the member.
while that was in course of being done, i looked on at wemmick as he wrote, and mr. jaggers, poising and swaying himself on his well-polished boots, looked on at me.
i didnt have it in my mind a minute ago, to say a word about myself; but it come up so natral, that i yielded to it afore i was aweer.
that time which we really improve, or which is improvable, is neither past, present, nor future.
the door opening immediately into it, i found myself among them before i considered whither i was going.
we glanced through the pages, and we saw that they were written in our language, but we found many words which we could not understand.
purchasers bought from the catalogue-and-smile type of salesman, hooked their pumps up to a power plant--and found that they lifted only about half the number of gallons a minute promised in the catalogue.
on his answering in the affirmative, then bring me another pint of this same wine, drawer, and come and wake me at ten.
and suddenly, without cause for the thought which came to us, we felt cold, cold to our stomach.
she laughed and nodded her head a great many times, and even repeated after biddy, the words pip and property.
when he had done it, however, he returned, and they sat together, talking, on the sofa.
mr. peggotty, looking round upon us while she was so engaged, said in a low voice, which he shaded with his hand: the old un!
like monsieur manette, your father, the gentleman was of beauvais.
these offerings of affection were of a most various and eccentric description.
its enough to distract me, cried my mother.
he wore a flat gray cloth cap, a dingy wool-colored greatcoat, and cowhide boots.
khoung-tseu caused the messenger to be seated near him, and questioned him in these terms: what is your master doing?
besides, what have deep thinking and moralizing to do with the most necessary and least questionable side of law?
some drew nearer, hoping to overhear the conversation, who were themselves among the guilty--and surely that was a thing to try the patience of a saint.
a report to the city of chicago on the subject of the smoke nuisance will be valuable largely as it entirely covers the ground, discovers all the conditions that the city has to face.
i do not believe that the above formal theory is untrue, but i do believe that it is inadequate.
blindly, one evening, i imperiled my queen.
all too many biographical essays begin stupidly.
the thing to do is to crack every fighting head that you see, before there are so many fighting heads that you cannot crack any of them.
one lived in fountain court, and the other two lived in the lane, and he had seen them all go home.
the earlier parts of these changes can be ruled out in the same way as we can rule out the process by which the arsenic was acquired.
since the enemy has a strong battery, we shall use heavy artillery.
there was a great stage, too, looking very clean and smooth after the streets; and there were people upon it, talking about something or other, but not at all intelligibly.
said i, with my hand on the bell-rope, and mrs. crupp shall make you some fresh coffee, and ill toast you some bacon in a bachelors dutch-oven, that i have got here.
to speak critically, i never received more than one or two letters in my lifei wrote this some years agothat were worth the postage.
i am not aware, said mr. littimer, after a moments reflection, that there is anything else.
you are working late tonight, uriah, says i.
i assure you, its quite an old story, my unfortunate hair.
said the doctor, with evident constraint.
such differences compel you to distinguish the world of dreams from the physical world.
none of them has been satisfactory; and, indeed, it is not every negro who is capable of taking charge of a sleeping car.
she will be full of sympathy with its enemies.
i asked him, terror-stricken, leaning on the arm he held out to support me: has a body come ashore?
the president required the name of that citizen.
that is why nothing can compare with the intimacy of candle-light for a bed-book.
i am here to take david back--to take him back unconditionally, to dispose of him as i think proper, and to deal with him as i think right.
we had a hot supper on the occasion, graced by the inevitable roast fowl, and we had some flip to finish with.
you must not think my visit all friendly and disinterested, trotwood, for--i am afraid i may be cruelly prejudiced--i do not like to let papa go away alone, with him.
you and me is not two figures to be together in london; nor yet anywheres else but what is private, and beknown, and understood among friends.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
mr. trabb never removed his stern eye from the boy until he had deposited number four on the counter and was at a safe distance again.
so long as we are touching them, nothing except our finger can be seen through the part touched, which is the only part where we immediately know that there is something.
fourth, law may be conceived as a philosophically discovered system of principles which express the nature of things, to which, therefore, man ought to conform his conduct.
edward, replied my mother, timidly, you are a far better judge of all questions than i pretend to be.
travel them, and be expert in home-cosmography.
they are sought by so many, and they are granted (comparatively) to so few!
the big packers did not turn their hands off and close down, like the canning factories; but they began to run for shorter and shorter hours.
it ought not to be, perhaps, but what can i do?
i think he does himself no good by the habit that has increased upon him since i first came here.
likewise an account of the game birds of north america will be a formal analysis only if every kind of game bird is given a place in the account.
jadvyga likewise paints cans, but then she has an invalid mother and three little sisters to support by it, and so she does not spend her wages for shirtwaists.
how does she use you, pip; how does she use you?
this had lasted but a very short time, when mrs. pocket issued summary orders that they were all to be taken into the house for a nap.
our merely social intolerance kills no one, roots out no opinions, but induces men to disguise them, or to abstain from any active effort for their diffusion.
no more important work can devolve on the board of health.
mr. pumblechook and mrs. joe stared at one anotheras they well mightand both repeated, in a black velvet coach?
this made a scene of intense activity, a picture of human power wonderful to watch.
at last it reaches a human eye, where a complicated process takes place, ending in a sensation which gives us our grounds for believing in all that has gone before.
reform has no gratitude, no prudence, no husbandry.
i was a blacksmiths boy but yesterday; i amwhat shall i say i amto-day?
i do not think, said doctor manette with the firmness of self-conviction, that anything but the one train of association would renew it.
the second form of biography is purely analytical.
to anticipate, not the sunrise and the dawn merely, but, if possible, nature herself!
i did not need to go outdoors to take the air, for the atmosphere within had lost none of its freshness.
not such a one as this, mr. copperfield wouldnt have liked, said peggotty.
i have done what i could to make clear the nature of the question, but i do not believe that it is possible as yet to answer it with any confidence.
and, sir, if business imposes its restraints and its silences and impediments, mr. darnay as a young gentleman of generosity knows how to make allowance for that circumstance.
oh, youre a downy fellow, steerforth, so you are, and im another, aint i?
when i saw her again, an hour afterwards, she lay, indeed, where i had seen her strike her stick, and had heard her say that she would lie one day.
but i was, i am glad to remember, as mute as a mouse about it.
d. weeps afresh, cries piteously, oh, dont, dont, dont!
why do they not dissolve it themselves,the union between themselves and the state,and refuse to pay their quota into its treasury?
when either of these results has become apparent, controversy on the subject flags, and gradually dies away.
the child has been taught to deposit them there.
what goes on in the minds of others is known to us through our perception of their bodies, that is, through the sense-data in us which are associated with their bodies.
i never saw his mouth so wide, or the creases in his cheeks so deep, as when he delivered himself of these sentiments: shaking his head all the time, and writhing modestly.
at length we descried a light and a roof, and presently afterwards ran alongside a little causeway made of stones that had been picked up hard by.
it was on my third day as city editor that i realized my woeful ignorance of the newspaper business from the mechanical viewpoint.
the old gentleman, not in the least knowing what point of the ceremony we had arrived at, stood most amiably beaming at the ten commandments.
we ate a good deal, and slept a good deal.
the only coperation which is commonly possible is exceedingly partial and superficial; and what little true coperation there is, is as if it were not, being a harmony inaudible to men.
the right and wrong improbabilities may be illustrated from two burglar stories.
but if you have any objection, this is the time to mention it.
still, even then, he did nothing more than swear a little, and wrapped his foot in old rags, and hobbled out to take the car.
after this there is beer for every one, the musicians included, and the revelers take a long breath and prepare for the great event of the evening, which is the acziavimas.
exclaimed the girl, with most forlorn regret; for she was always good to me!
joe greeted me as usual with halloa, pip, old chap!
again, perhaps, nature will try, with me for a first settler, and my house raised last spring to be the oldest in the hamlet.
very kind of her too, all the folks said, and i said, along with all the folks.
i said i felt sure i should do no good on the vassiloff murder.
caucasian rugs--geometric linear designs, numerous blended colors.
they depend on the kind of day one has had.
where hemlocks gather, deep in somber woods, the great horned owl has thus soon, perhaps working amid snows at her task, built a nest wherein march will find sturdy balls of fluff.
the troops who have stood so well to orders have their reward in an easy leap to safety.
and we obtain a definition of introspection more in harmony with usage if we define it as observation of data not subject to physical laws than if we define it by means of privacy.
mechanical movements have not the characteristic of appropriateness, unless by accident, as when a drunken man falls into a waterbutt and is sobered.
said sarah, with a dismal shake of the head; they had better be wiser, than well.
but in this sense the hour-hand and the second-hand are equally in motion, yet in the second-hand there is something perceptible to our senses which is absent in the hour-hand.
i was deeply sorry to have touched on such a painful theme, but that was useless now.
she turned her head as the carriage came up to her, rose quickly, and presented herself at the carriage-door.
the vast works, a city in themselves, were surrounded by a stockade; and already a full hundred men were waiting at the gate where new hands were taken on.
the woman stared at him in frightened wonder, she must have thought she was dealing with a maniac--jurgis looked like one.
there is no sacrifice in working for the man you love.
the purchase and preparation of food, the buying and making of clothing, the management of servants, the care of children--these are the vital concerns of most women.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
being together, shall we go out now, and try to find her tonight?
i wrote her a long letter, in which i tried to make her comprehend how blest i was, and what a darling dora was.
'all right, guv'ner,' i told him, 'you run the show, and i'll take the tickets!'
thus a thing may be defined as a certain series of appearances, connected with each other by continuity and by certain causal laws.
there is one characteristic which the response must have, namely, it must consist of voluntary movements.
inquired dora, looking up, innocently, from her drawing.
i looked at her with a smile, but she gave me no smile in return.
i am bespoke myself, said uriah, on business; otherwise i should have been appy to have kept with my friends.
she stopped and laid her hand upon her bosom, and i caught her in my arms.
naturally, such extension does mean ultimate profit, and, given a few more years of continued prosperity, the summer will yield a goodly additional income.
he comes very slowly back to me, licks my hand, and lifts his dim eyes to my face.
in all these cases bodily movements (writing or speaking) result from our belief.
a feature of my garden is to be rock work and a little, thin stream of a brooklet flowing away from a wall fountain.
it was the first time i had ever lain down to rest in satis house, and sleep refused to come near me.
when he knew his state in this last illness, he asked them to send for me.
many minds may be acquainted with the same universals; hence a relation between universals may be known by acquaintance to many different people.
am i wrong in saying, it is clear that we must live?
she lost all interest in the union, and cursed herself for a fool that she had ever been dragged into one.
you have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with.
i make no allowance for innumerable feelings and circumstances that may have all tended to good.
more than that; im going to ask you to take a walk with me.
no, no, said mr. peggotty, soothing her sorrows.
he caught the hand in his, and we stood in that connexion, looking at each other.
it was spacious, and i dare say had once been handsome, but every discernible thing in it was covered with dust and mould, and dropping to pieces.
and beyond the city there lies the plain, and beyond the plain, black upon the black sky, there lies the uncharted forest.
the macroscopic equations result from a process of averaging out, and may be different in different cases.
despotism is a legitimate mode of government in dealing with barbarians, provided the end be their improvement, and the means justified by actually effecting that end.
the governor stepped aside, and beckoned the officer away.
this was a good freshener to my presence of mind, as a beginning.
with the evolution from the flat-bed to the web or rotary presses there came further development in typesetting-machines--the linotype, the monotype, and others.
a neighbor honey-bee leads to another store in a hemlock.
they and the men generally spoke of me as the little gent, or the young suffolker.
the latter arrived first, and jurgis found him examining the swag.
when i remembered where i was at that untimely hour, a feeling stole upon me that made me get up, afraid of i dont know what, and walk about.
a sluggish ditch deposited its mud at the prison walls.
when i told herbert what had passed within the house, he was for our immediately going before a magistrate in the town, late at night as it was, and getting out a warrant.
over the potatoes and meat and bread-pudding the situation was discussed in detail.
for aught i know, there may be languages that use it, but they are not among the languages with which i am acquainted.
everywhere jurgis went he kept meeting them, and he was in an agony of fear lest some one of them should know that he was wanted.
thank you, sir, mr. steerforth is tolerably well.
i remembered the story of a conceited fellow, who, in fine clothes, was wont to lounge about the village once, giving advice to workmen.
every successful periodical has a distinct individuality, which may be regarded as an expression of the editor's idea of what his readers expect of his publication.
here i am, on purpose to bid you, and you fly off to yarmouth!
can't i have scully get me off before he finds out about it?
he was so simply and naturally humbleif he can be called humble who never aspiresthat humility was no distinct quality in him, nor could he conceive of it.
but i could no longer sit and look into the fire, and the pertinent words of a poet recurred to me with new force.
if the bed is ready, well take him up to it.
mr. wopsle in a comprehensive black cloak, being descried entering at the turnpike, the gravedigger was admonished in a friendly way, look out!
in the end she had asked where he lived, and said that she was coming to see him, and bring him a new crutch to walk with.
the several members of the class are assembled together in virtue of some similarity or common property.
some expressions of truth are reminiscent,others merely sensible, as the phrase is,others prophetic.
more elaborate processes naturally demand more complex directions and require longer articles.
and i entreat you to say a word for me to mr. jaggers, and to represent to him that, all circumstances considered, he ought to be more open with me!
would you object to my mentioning it to him, sir?
why, lord love my heart alive, if it aint a treat to look at him!
the physiological abstraction which takes place in the above described manner is a predecessor of purely logical abstraction.
the man moved a little further away, as soon as he could, and the mender of roads fanned himself with his blue cap: feeling it mightily close and oppressive.
i had a stupid intention of replying that i was going to wait, to hand her downstairs.
but the paradox cannot be so lightly disposed of.
then they followed the strict chronological order, as if the author were pursuing a course already mapped for him--which, of course, he was not doing.
does the article march on steadily from beginning to end?
sometimes brighter visions rise before me.
let him have something to eat, and let him roam and look about him while he eats.
as i stood compassionating her, and thinking how, in the progress of time, i too had come to be a part of the wrecked fortunes of that house, her eyes rested on me.
rogers had gained a reputation for great courage and skill in sailing.
in the first place, so far as any reader except the author is concerned, complete sentences are necessary for understanding.
how long, pray, would a man hunt giraffes if he could?
here the other would generally admit that he was stuck; and tommy hinds would explain to him, and it was fun to see his eyes open.
still, the doctor walked among the terrors with a steady head.
in the germanic law it would have required an oath or the form of a real transaction of pledge or exchange.
jurgis would receive five dollars a day during the strike, and twenty-five a week after it was settled.
cried tiffey, and all the rest of them, coming round me.
a much torn dictionary and a dented water pail stand side by side on the shelf below the one blackboard.
o loveless, hateless!--past the sense of kindly-eyed benevolence, to what tune danceth this immense?
she said, indignantly turning to mr. lorry; couldn't you tell her what you had to tell her, without frightening her to death?
they began to think that what they had to do was not simply to equalize or harmonize wills, but, if not to equalize, at least to harmonize the satisfaction of wants.
i have already said, sir, that i have had my suspicions of miss spenlow, in reference to david copperfield, for some time.
for the rest, history and analysis, bringing out the idea behind the course of development of legal doctrines and unfolding their logical consequences, were all the apparatus which the jurist required.
and they had turned off three-quarters of these men, which was a still worse sign, since it meant that there were no orders to be filled.
if we wish to pass from the law of habit, stated as a tendency or average, to something more precise and invariable, we seem driven to the nervous system.
i would ask you to believe that he has a heart he very, very seldom reveals, and that there are deep wounds in it.
preserving her unmoved countenance, and with her fingers still going, estella shook her head.
this's the dinin' room, observed master freddie.
why should she wreak revenge on all the male sex?
i came into the room where she and my mother were sitting; and the baby (who was only a few weeks old) being on my mothers lap, i took it very carefully in my arms.
the deference which both she and traddles showed towards the beauty, pleased me very much.
if it would do any good, i would whistle for them.
have you ever seen a messenger you once sent to me, i inquired, since he undertook that trust?
soft, seedy biscuits, also, i bestow upon miss shepherd; and oranges innumerable.
of course i answered this note by going down with the boy to pay the money, where i found mr. micawber sitting in a corner, looking darkly at the sheriff s officer who had effected the capture.
and i have no doubt she loves you like a brother?
no, i returned; but cannot the estella help it?
in all such cases there should be perfect freedom, legal and social, to do the action and stand the consequences.
such a pitiful beginning it was for their married life; they loved each other so, and they could not have the briefest respite!
but i dont allow anybody to ride over that turf.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
the finishing of pants did not take much skill, and anybody could learn it, and so the pay was forever getting less.
usually in all works of art that have been conceived from within outwards, and generously nourished from the authors mind, the moment in which he begins to execute is one of extreme perplexity and strain.
because, if it is to spite her, biddy pursued, i should thinkbut you know bestthat might be better and more independently done by caring nothing for her words.
in some countries a hunting parson is no uncommon sight.
he had never spoken of it, nor would he allow any one else to speak of it--he had never acknowledged its existence to himself.
perhaps you will sleep in your own room?
its a sad picter, to reflect that shes no longer equal to fully understanding the honor.
in her desire to be matrimonially established, you might suppose her to have passed her short existence in the perpetual contemplation of domestic bliss.
in a purely material world, it may be said, there would be no opposition of pleasant and unpleasant, good and bad, what is desired and what is feared.
i believe these definitions to be adequate also to human purposes and desires, but for the present i am only occupied with animals and with what can be learnt by external observation.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
he has colorless eyes, fixed earnestly, and a face almost as pale as the clerical bands beneath his somewhat receding chin.
they went out at the ashland avenue gate, and over in the direction of the dump.
when he has exhausted the rich soil of europe, and reinvigorated himself, then recommences his adventurous career westward as in the earliest ages.
the natural result of this treatment, continued, i suppose, for some six months or more, was to make me sullen, dull, and dogged.
they will take a less roundabout course than captain mahan does to the final argument of physical power.
her mockery was worse than her undisguised rage.
i remember that i thought a good deal, and in an uneasy sort of way, about mr. peggotty having said that she was getting on to be a woman; but i decided that was nonsense.
and if i adored her before, i now doubly adore her.
the skip of the tip-toe-hop, a romance of the middle ages, by the celebrated author of tittle-tol-tan, to appear in monthly parts; a great rush; dont all come together.
he is always generous and noble, said mrs. steerforth, proudly.
we do not ride on the railroad; it rides upon us.
even then, i would have avoided the room where they all were, but for its being the neat-tiled kitchen i have mentioned more than once.
as i have grown older, i think i have had experience of some other houses doing business on the principle of spenlow and jorkins!
the workers were dependent upon a job to exist from day to day, and so they bid against each other, and no man could get more than the lowest man would consent to work for.
the machine will keep on boring a hole that may offer great frictional resistance where some other drills would stick.
what with rum and pepper,and pepper and rum,i should think his pegging must be nearly over.
the case of mixed images and words has no special importance, and its omission will do no harm.
they found it surging and tossing, in quest of defarge himself.
this case is normal in perception: we see as one what the microscope or telescope reveals to be many different objects.
its the only thing in all the world that i am fit for, or thats fit for me.
to her father himself, he wrote in the same strain; but, he told her father that he expressly confided his wife and child to his care.
he put his hat under his arm, and feeling in his breast for emilys letter, took it out, unfolded it, and gave it to her.
verse quotations may be taken from a well-known poem, a popular song, a nursery rhyme, or even doggerel verse.
if their minds and imaginations are played upon with sufficient persistence and sufficient skill, they will give him back his own ideas with enthusiasm.
but now, after the advent of george washington and the american revolution, i began to dream again.
he was a traitor to his own times, and therefore it follows that he was a man profoundly disillusioned.
coming from the opponents it is strange enough.
i found out an english genleman as was in authority, said mr. peggotty, and told him i was a-going to seek my niece.
in the moment when i was withdrawing my head to go quietly away, i saw a great flaming light spring up.
in a subject like this is so strong a personal reaction justified?
he was a quaker, or something of that sort, if i am not mistaken.
master micawber, whose disposition appeared to have been soured by early disappointment, and whose aspect had become morose, yielded to his better feelings, and blubbered.
the trouble with it is that it is becoming a mere mass of conversation and reflection: nothing happens in it; the action is all going out of it and there is nothing left but thought.
jurgis went down the line with the rest of the visitors, staring open-mouthed, lost in wonder.
peggotty was resolved that it should be quietly done; and the clerk had given her away, and there had been no witnesses of the ceremony.
it was especially hard this time, for ona was to be confined before long, and jurgis was trying hard to save up money for this.
at the top of the stair i was pushed into a dark, fusty room, and guided to a low, fusty sofa or bed.
take the funny old buildings on front street, out of paintings, i declare, by howard pyle, where the large merchants in whale oil are.
then, between his height and them, he slips in his subordinate,dont you see?and so he has em, soul and body.
there were eight or ten policemen on the truck, however, and there was no disturbance until they came to a place where the street was blocked with a dense throng.
to have made the first voyage across the atlantic ocean under steam was a great accomplishment and brought no little credit to capt.
we have all heard of simple men selling their souls for love or power to some grotesque devil.
(marija had learned to scatter her conversation with as many oaths as a longshoreman or a mule driver.)
it is clear that knowledge is displayed by accuracy of response to certain kinds of stimuli, e.g.
i got into such a transport, that i felt quite sorry my coat was not a little shabby already.
a neatly and carefully prepared manuscript is likely to receive more favorable consideration than a badly typed one.
they raised their hand to their forehead and moved it as we had.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
it is not my fault dat you send for me so late i can't help your vife.
there is then another element of comeliness hitherto overlooked in this analysis: the contents of the phrase.
then look up the history of symphonic music and the life of the composer, and write a historical criticism.
well, i start now on foot, and get there before night; i have travelled at that rate by the week together.
i can imagine a man with two heads, or the upper parts of a man joined to the body of a horse.
yes, returned miss dartle, i have come to look at you.
the romance of real life is quite as interesting as that of fiction.
there may be other reasons also, but of them i do not wish to speak yet.
it is given a certain official status by the auditing officers of many large railroads and industrial corporations, who recognize it as a chargeable item in the expense accounts of their men on the road.
ah, child, you pass a good many hours here!
and the communication i have got to make is, that he has great expectations.
look at your clothes; better aint to be got!
i should make miss murdstone happy, if i was to, said peggotty.
miss sarah, said joe, she have twenty-five pound perannium fur to buy pills, on account of being bilious.
it were yesterday afternoon (with an appearance of mingled wisdom, relief, and strict impartiality).
it will be seen that leibniz regards it as self-contradictory to maintain that the whole is not greater than its part.
i was so very nervous, that i had already lighted the ageds sausage like a torch, and been obliged to blow it out.
he did not fear the thing that he saw, but the thing that he knew might accompany it.
i should sleep the better for that, if there was nothing else to be glad of!
now and then there would come a gleam underneath them and he would glance about the room.
look at these here lodgings oyourn, fit for a lord!
'monsieur,' said i, 'in my profession, the communications of patients are always received in confidence.'
the form remains unchanged throughout this series, but all the constituents are altered.
there was a good deal of dust, i believe.
what is the nature of the luxury which enervates and destroys nations?
it is one of the undisputed functions of government to take precautions against crime before it has been committed, as well as to detect and punish it afterwards.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
what is more to our purpose, a phrase or a verse in french is easily distinguishable as comely or uncomely.
it was a long, grieving sound, like a sigh--almost like a sob.
i should have known that by his friendly tone.
her colour, which had just now faded, returned, and faded again.
she loved me dearly, but was never happy.
i read, in every word of his plain impressive way of delivering himself, new evidence of his having thought of this one topic, in every feature it presented.
the car is well filled and he is going to have a hard night of it; but he is going to take good care of you.
in the end they half drove him out into the rain, where he began to pace up and down, bareheaded and frantic.
old man jones was great on missions and such things, and so whenever they were doing some particularly disreputable job, the men would wink at each other and say, now we're working for the church!
truly, you did well, said the marquis, felicitously sensible that such vermin were not to ruffle him, to see a thief accompanying my carriage, and not open that great mouth of yours.
i was so doubtful of myself now, and put so much trust in him, that i could not satisfy myself whether i ought to refer to it when he did not.
the study of gases was originally quite distinct from that of rigid bodies, and would never have advanced to its present state if it had not been independently pursued.
(though his manner was less satisfied than his words.)
as if, in love, joy, sorrow, hope, or disappointment; in all emotions; my heart turned naturally there, and found its refuge and best friend.
wemmicks house was a little wooden cottage in the midst of plots of garden, and the top of it was cut out and painted like a battery mounted with guns.
they will see, understand and forgive.
having filled his pipe, he put the surplus tobacco back again, as if his pocket were a drawer.
the coming of vacation invariably brings a great influx of boys to the state employment office, some looking for summer work, others for permanent employment.
words enclosed in quotation marks or set off in some distinctive form such as verse, an advertisement, a letter, a menu, or a sign, immediately catch the eye at the beginning of an article.
the humorous side is really almost as frequently turned towards him as the tragic.
the night being so bad, sir, said the watchman, as he gave me back my glass, uncommon few have come in at my gate.
perhaps they had a secret process for making chickens chemically--who knows?
there was a great deal of good in mrs. micawbers heart, which had not been dunned out of it in all those many years.
but in what is directly observable there is still apparent continuity, which justifies the above remarks for the prevent.
this is much like the early development of the gasoline marine engine, which was an auxiliary to the sail, a combination that is still used.
i have kept your name and reputation for you, and your peace and quiet, and your house and home too, said uriah, with a sulky, hurried, defeated air of compromise.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
he was a quiet-mannered man, whom you would have taken for anything in the world but a socialist agitator.
crawling over the bottom like a strange monster, the claws will also help to avoid collisions with walls when the depths of the water veils the power of the searchlight.
he was passing down a street lined with warehouses, and a boss offered him a job, and then, after he had started to work, turned him off because he was not strong enough.
why, heres a j, said joe, and a o equal to anythink!
she tried to, said stanislovas, gazing at him in perplexity.
if my grief were selfish, i did not know it to be so.
his coming back was a venture, he said, and he had always known it to be a venture.
people are put in the hulks because they murder, and because they rob, and forge, and do all sorts of bad; and they always begin by asking questions.
methinks this would exercise their minds as much as mathematics.
it made a great impression on me, and i remembered it a long time afterwards; as i shall have occasion to narrate when the time comes.
for the present we must content ourselves with the fact that the memory-image can be explained by habit.
you have heard something, i des-say, of a change in my expectations, master copperfield,--i should say, mister copperfield?
our venerable instructor was a great deal older, and not improved in appearance.
i would trample on them all, she answered.
--not only the boy but the older poet is illuminated by the words.
of course if you make an abstract, complete survey, you will cover the ground in whatever way seems most suitable.
she told me we must part, and told me why; and we condoled with one another, in all sincerity.
for the sake of simplicity, let us suppose that payments are made annually.
can't be helped, said miss pross, shaking her head.
as to his dealing in the mild article of milk, by the by, there never was a greater anomaly.
what, indeed, with his hand putting aside the golden hair from the cheek, and his other hand against the heart that beat for him!
statesmen and legislators, standing so completely within the institution, never distinctly and nakedly behold it.
the girl who had collared me disappeared for a moment, and then brought a tray of russian tea.
the vengeance assisted in the conversation, like a regular member of the establishment.
so long as we retain the act, this need cause no difficulty.
he had improved his own spirits, no less than mrs. gummidges, for they were again at their usual flow, and he was full of vivacious conversation as we went along.
to my amazement, the dearest girl in the world came at that same instant, laughing and blushing, from her place of concealment.
when a case of acquaintance is one with which i can be acquainted (as i am acquainted with my acquaintance with the sense-datum representing the sun), it is plain that the person acquainted is myself.
the youth may build or plant or sail, only let him not be hindered from doing that which he tells me he would like to do.
it appeared to be a collection of back lanes, ditches, and little gardens, and to present the aspect of a rather dull retirement.
there should be no more tears and no more tenderness; he had had enough of them--they had sold him into slavery!
but it stands to reason, his time being valuable, that he wont be longer than he can help.
as if i was not already full to bursting!
i felt its whole weight now; and i drooped beneath it, and i said in my heart that it could never be lightened.
the purely formal definition of truth and falsehood offers little difficulty.
as has been the case with many another good fellow of his nation, his life was tracked and his substance wasted by crowds of hungry beggars and lazy dependents.
we drive away together, and i awake from the dream.
an assertion may be positive or negative: we may assert that charlesi.
but, there was no loud irruption into the courtyard, as he had expected, and he heard the gate clash again, and all was quiet.
he spoke in a slushy voice, as if much mud had washed into his throat.
an element of suspense or mystery may be introduced into the description, if a person, a place, or an object is described without being identified by name until the end of the portrayal.
two people looking at the same table do not get the same sensation, because of perspective and the way the light falls.
be firm, herbert, i would retort, plying my own pen with great assiduity.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
my people grew rich from their wells, but a way was found to bind their wealth so they could not use it.
i knew a boy who, from his peculiar energy, was called buster by his playmates, and this rightly supplanted his christian name.
i could not conceal from myself that i had done this, though for a reason very different from her supposition.
that, as the doctor moved his head, his wife dropped down on one knee at his feet, and, with her hands imploringly lifted, fixed upon his face the memorable look i had never forgotten.
little stanislovas was also trembling, and all but too frightened to speak.
you might tell her, if you would, said mr. barkis, with another slow look at me, that barkis was a-waitin for a answer.
you must always recollect of emly, said mr. omer, shaking his head gently, that shes a most extraordinary affectionate little thing.
cly (who i will unreservedly admit, at this distance of time, was a partner of mine) has been dead several years.
but it is, as i have told you, next to impossible.
to somebody, and ladies casting indignant glances at me, and--what!
as the time wore on, an impression settled heavily upon me that estella was married.
will not man grow to greater perfection intellectually as well as physically under these influences?
mrs. gummidge retired with these words, and betook herself to bed.
why, he was a poor creature to be taken by that delicate mock-modesty, and that hanging head!
what we call belief, according to this hypothesis, involves only the appropriate content, which will have the effects characteristic of belief unless something else operating simultaneously inhibits them.
i feel all my best faculties concentrated in it.
and she had a deal to mind in the way of poultry and the like, and minded of it, and come through.
i see, said i. consequently, pursued mr. omer, emlys still a little down, and a little fluttered; perhaps, upon the whole, shes more so than she was.
oh, thank you, master copperfield, he answered, shaking his head.
as the walls of the ravine close in, trouble stirs, and the waters boil and eddy.
at his particular request, i appointed to call for him at the castle at half past eight on monday morning, and so we parted for the time.
when the interpreter had translated this, the judge, whose calendar was crowded, and whose automobile was ordered for a certain hour, interrupted with the remark: oh, i see.
in the midst of these fluttering thoughts, the escort appeared, took her in, and took her away.
the thunder of the cannon was so loud and incessant, that i could not hear something i much desired to hear, until i made a great exertion and awoke.
by strange stern ways, and through much staining blood, those feet had come to meet that water.
in this respect, judging is exactly like every other relation.
look well upon that gentleman, my learned friend there, pointing to him who had tossed the paper over, and then look well upon the prisoner.
the elder brother looked to the younger, who said haughtily, 'there is a case of medicines here;' and brought it from a closet, and put it on the table.
they spread in vast clouds overhead, writhing, curling; then, uniting in one giant river, they streamed away down the sky, stretching a black pall as far as the eye could reach.
and then he catched hold of us, and kep on a talking to her, and answering of her, till i half believed i see her myself.
they were high from the ground, and they burnt with the steady dulness of artificial light in air that is seldom renewed.
we picked a stone and we sent it as an arrow at a bird.
i regret that i cannot praise him, for at present we both work in the same office, and kind words uttered in public would cause him to avoid me forever.
when we come to the consideration of truth and falsehood, we shall see how necessary it is to avoid assuming too close a parallelism between facts and the sentences which assert them.
but you must put aside your prejudice for the time being and must look the fact honestly in the face.
when the emotional intensity of such a mood subsides, a man who is in the habit of reasoning will search for logical reasons in favour of the belief which he finds in himself.
grandmother majauszkiene knew that because her son belonged to a political organization with a contractor who put up exactly such houses.
but as it is psychology that concerns us, we will merely note their special character and pass on, since the logical classification of words is not our main business.
what is this something that we see, and that we call visible motion?
i had not, at first, the courage to ring at the gate; and when i did ring, my errand seemed to me to be expressed in the very sound of the bell.
and he took another gentle little pinch of snuff, and lightly crossed his legs.
i know beforehand that nothing you, or anyone, can tell me, will show my husbands noble heart in any other light than one.
three reasons have been given for this which have figured in juristic discussion of the subject ever since.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
instead he had come to america, where he lived in a garret room in this slum district, and made volcanic energy take the place of fire.
she was not physically strong, and after a little time said, slower!
and just as you do not blindly accept a great name, so do not be wheedled by gloss and appearance, but keep a steady aim for the truth.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
they sang together, and played duets together, and we had quite a little concert.
in spite, however, of the new possibility of progress in philosophy, the first effect, as in the case of physics, is to diminish very greatly the extent of what is thought to be known.
biddy was much against his going with us, and said to me in a whisper, dont let him come; i dont like him.
no mention is made of a third class, different from either of these, viz.
she informs me that she makes one of her professional visits here, every year, sir.
he would eat at free lunches, five cents a meal, and never a cent more--so he might keep alive for two months and more, and in that time he would surely find a job.
or again: suppose we are comparing two shades of colour, one blue and one green.
panted the sergeant, struggling at the bottom of a ditch.
occasionally a judge is found who acknowledges frankly that he looks chiefly at the ethical situation between the parties and does not allow the law to interfere therewith beyond what is inevitable.
it is a forlorn hope at the best, and not much the forlorner for being delayed till dark.
it had been left to her, unconditionally, by her first husband, mr. murdstone began, when my aunt caught him up with the greatest irascibility and impatience.
any nobleness begins at once to refine a mans features, any meanness or sensuality to imbrute them.
he would take pretty little imitation lemons, such as are now being shipped into russia, handy for carrying in the pockets, and strong enough to blow a whole temple out of sight.
he was to be another father to him, and they were all to live together in a garden of roses, werent they?
but let him go to which extreme he may, sir, theres a young lady in both of em.
he next explains the difference between simple and complex ideas, and explains that a complex idea may occur without any similar complex impression.
said traddles; a little older than me, but the dearest girl!
there are a number of distinct questions which are apt to be confused when the mathematical continuum is said to be inadequate to the facts of sense.
the only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others.
every incident connected with the breaking up of the rivers and ponds and the settling of the weather is particularly interesting to us who live in a climate of so great extremes.
those readers who rise from the last pages of a long historical work, covering several volumes and hundreds or thousands of pages, with a clear central conception of the whole work are profoundly grateful to the author.
it was not the faintness of physical weakness, though confinement and hard fare no doubt had their part in it.
for my own part, i think i have never hated man as i hated that broad-shouldered, hard-visaged, brassy-voiced fellow.
i assure you she is always forgetting herself, and taking care of the other nine.
and yet you knew it, long before i knew it myself, i returned.
egad, doctor, returned mr. wickfield, if doctor watts knew mankind, he might have written, with as much truth, satan finds some mischief still, for busy hands to do.
and that, said i, is your deliberate opinion, mr. wemmick?
and yet the official record of the event would imply no possibility of finding romance in this humble individual life.
i had never thought it possible that we three could be together undisturbed, once more; and i felt, for the time, as if the old days were come back.
become aware of the enormous waste of energy that college students show.
book the second--the golden thread i.
its face was wrinkled and gawaine thought he had never seen so hideous a countenance.
the poets are thin, moonshiny, meticulous in technique.
whether there is any such knowledge not derived from logic, i do not know; but in logic, at any rate, we have such knowledge.
what can the poor public do but apply these instructions, and make their own personal feelings of good and evil, if they are tolerably unanimous in them, obligatory on all the world?
may i tell her as you doent see no hurt int, and as youll be so kind as take charge ont, masr davy?
we have been borrowing and begging to keep alive, and there is nothing more we can do-- and the children?
in her other hand she had a crutch-headed stick on which she leaned, and she looked like the witch of the place.
it is clear that the original making of random sounds, without which speech would never be learnt, is instinctive.
nevertheless, pursued darnay, rising to ring the bell, there is nothing in that, i hope, to prevent my calling the reckoning, and our parting without ill-blood on either side.
preach and tabulate as you will, the english palate--which is the supreme judge--rejects this farinaceous makeshift.
first, i resumed, half groaning, what precautions can be taken against your being recognized and seized?
why sure you dont mean to say, pip, that there was no black welwet coeh?
as for me, every word was a new heap of fetters, riveted above the last.
it was a drama of many scenes and without an end.
altogether i was lost in amazement, and sat staring at her, quite oblivious, i am afraid, of the laws of politeness.
and when he got a church made by himself to his liking, generations of men calling themselves lutherans took that church from him just as unquestioningly as he took the fashion of his clothes from the tailor.
were this lady to write a novel (the chances are she will) it would have the true note of modern vigour.
the truth is, dora, my life, i said; i have been trying to be wise.
he offered his hand; but his eyes did not go with it.
i am told you had a remarkable breed of tumblers.
enough has, i hope, been said to show that consciousness is far too complex and accidental to be taken as the fundamental characteristic of mind.
a breath of it was like a wolf at the throat, like hot ashes in the windpipe.
she is a tiresome creature, said dora, pouting.
this was enough, this joy not dulled by age, this polite and unpunished vice, this selfish, serene, life-long intoxication.
i knew well--better perhaps than he thought, as far as my poor mother was concerned--and i obeyed him to the letter.
i who have sat on this same hearth on the little stool that is even now beside you there, learning your lessons and looking up into your face, when your face was strange and frightened me!
i mean, said mr. cruncher, that he warn't never in it.
i have observed her to-day, and i have observed her other days.
the devil goes on exacting compound interest to the last for his early share and numerous succeeding investments in them.
next noontide saw the admirable woman in her usual place in the wine-shop, knitting away assiduously.
the soles had shed themselves bit by bit, and the upper leathers had broken and burst until the very shape and form of shoes had departed from them.
so far, the simplest set known to fulfil this requirement is the set introduced by the above definition.
you dont remember me, i am afraid, said i.
it contained quite a show of beautiful geraniums.
i have made the identical observation to mr. micawber.
it happened on that night when we wrote last.
so i considered myself really and truly.
i think that the man is at a dead set who has got through a knot hole or gateway where his sledge load of furniture cannot follow him.
i was very high with him, mainly i think because i saw steerforth and grainger laughing at me--or at him--or at both of us.
i felt quite uncomfortable--as if mrs. micawber supposed i had asked her to do anything of the sort!--and sat looking at her in alarm.
you will be pleased with my mother--she is a little vain and prosy about me, but that you can forgive her--and she will be pleased with you.
he spoke of a travellers house on the dover road, where he knew he could find a clean, plain lodging for the night.
he left his two letters with a trusty porter, to be delivered half an hour before midnight, and no sooner; took horse for dover; and began his journey.
do me the favour to recall that i told you so, long ago.
out of the million articles that every one has read, can any one person trace a single marked idea to a single article?
mrs. ward has a very firm grasp of problems, but is not very creational.--caine's books are very edifying.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
doing the hair takes the whole of a speech, usually, even one of the chairman's speeches.
i hoped he was well, and mrs. strong too.
since the first purpose of a definition is to explain, one that is obscure or difficult makes confusion worse confounded.
but i think that the proper wisdom is to will what the gods will without, perhaps, being certain what their will is--or even if they have a will of their own.
looking down this room, one saw, creeping slowly, a line of dangling hogs a hundred yards in length; and for every yard there was a man, working as if a demon were after him.
what the unknown prisoner had written will never be read, but he had written something, and hidden it away to keep it from the gaoler.
there are a thousand different humours in the mind, and about each of them, when it is uppermost, some literature tends to be deposited.
ever since the beginning of the seventeenth century, all vigorous minds that have concerned themselves with inference have abandoned the medival tradition, and in one way or other have widened the scope of logic.
i believe your object to be, purely and truthfully, as you have stated it.
this was sheer idleness to my fellow-townsmen, no doubt; but if the birds and flowers had tried me by their standard, i should not have been found wanting.
that there is something unique and new at every moment, is certainly true; it is also true that this cannot be fully expressed by means of intellectual concepts.
she could never deliver me; i imagined that she always brought me back after showing me such things.
youre not in a fit state to come here, if you cant come here without spluttering like a bad pen.
there is a notion that an instance of walking, as compared with jones, is unsubstantial, but this seems to be a mistake.
she shook her head, turned her delighted bright eyes up to mine, kissed me, broke into a merry laugh, and sprang away to put on jips new collar.
now and then in the midst of it his thoughts would take flight; and then the tears would come into his eyes--and he would be called back by the jeering laughter of his companions.
thus, if i had gone out into the town, i should not have been surprised, i think, to encounter someone who i knew must be then in london.
the placid look at the white ceiling came back, and passed away, and his head dropped quietly on his breast.
all sorts of traps as compeyson could set with his head, and keep his own legs out of and get the profits from and let another man in for, was compeysons business.
a corresponding space above the window received similar treatment.
well, sir, replied mr. chillip, a medical man, being so much in families, ought to have neither eyes nor ears for anything but his profession.
the whole of his lank cheek was invitingly before me, and i struck it with my open hand with that force that my fingers tingled as if i had burnt them.
everybody rode with mary white--white and black, old and young, rich and poor, men and women.
would you do me the favour, miss, to take notice o' two promises and wows wot it is my wishes fur to record in this here crisis?
instead of bracing your feet firmly on the bottom and pushing with the pole, you were leaning on the pole and pushing with your feet.
there is a great improvement here, maam?
martha, said mr. peggotty, god forbid as i should judge you.
i am not at all polite, now, to the misses nettingalls young ladies, and shouldnt dote on any of them, if they were twice as many and twenty times as beautiful.
no men known to us could have built this place, nor the men known to our brothers who lived before us, and yet it was built by men.
before beginning we covered our precious blue walls with newspapers, donned our oldest clothes and spread papers well over the floor.
my fault is, that i have been true to you.
it was so beautiful in its form, it was so ashy pale, it was so fixed in its abstraction, it was so full of a wild, sleep-walking, dreamy horror of i dont know what.
there is no profit in life but in the interchange of ideas, and the chief success is to have a head well filled with them.
it was a run indeed now, and what joe called, in the only two words he spoke all the time, a winder.
mr. micawbers difficulties were an addition to the distressed state of my mind.
david copperfield, said miss murdstone, i need not enlarge upon family circumstances.
another man pointed out that the bureau, through the schools, would strike at one of the deep roots of poverty--incompetency.
and all my brothers, and the councils of my brothers, will hear of it, but they will be impotent against me.
after which, he invited the company generally to the contemplation of that affecting spectacle.
you need not confine yourself to one any more than a carpenter need refuse to use any but one tool, but for purposes of comprehension and presentation we shall keep the three here fairly distinct.
he found a line of men a block long, but as a wagon chanced to come out of an alley and break the line, he saw his chance and sprang to seize a place.
i never had seen its institutions before.
as he had nothing else than his majority to come into, the event did not make a profound sensation in barnards inn.
with those words the impostor shook them both by the hand, with an air, and left the house; leaving me much more astonished than delighted by the virtues of that same indefinite it.
'put it in a pome, lovely kitty,' says i.
it appeared to me that he was more clever and cold than they were, and that they regarded him with something of my own feeling.
the bumble-bee is an insect of which the bee-hunter sees much.
a rift in the clouds in a gray day threw a shaft of sunlight upon her coffin as her nervous, energetic little body sank to its last sleep.
the lion took it with care and caution, made his selections from it, and his remarks upon it, and the jackal assisted both.
that is not so, however, in this essay about o. henry, an author who has often been grotesquely mispraised (i did not say overpraised) by people incompetent to appreciate his true greatness.
the middle class views him as the impersonation of vigor and brilliancy; part of the higher criticism sees in him little but sensation and persiflage.
what mean ye by saying that the poor ye have always with you, or that the fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the childrens teeth are set on edge?
the author relies upon a knowledge of morley among his readers, and upon a certain definite attitude among them toward the truth.
he flared the candle at me again, smoking my face and hair, and for an instant blinding me, and turned his powerful back as he replaced the light on the table.
within the last two years she had begun to be moved by an ambition to draw.
why, my limbs only made my breath shorter when i used em.
i don't want dozens of people who are not at all worthy of ladybird, to come here looking after her, said miss pross.
he was introduced by his friend to an irishman named buck halloran, who was a political worker and on the inside of things.
jurgis stood in the doorway and listened to her scolding, half drowning out the horrible moans and screams of ona.
and wot little a man did get, would never prosper with him, mr. lorry.
if young pip has a half-holiday, do as much for old orlick.
defarge got upon the box, and gave the word to the barrier!
but ona's father proved as a rock--the girl was yet a child, and he was a rich man, and his daughter was not to be had in that way.
but presently the light of the star reaches our atmosphere.
it will give unexpected answers, refuse to conform to our desires, and show all those other signs of intelligence to which we are accustomed in the acquaintances of our waking hours.
the other had that likeness too--as you have--but was not the same.
handsomely forgiving her, i soon exchanged an affectionate good night with her and joe, and went up to bed.
agnes set the glasses and decanters in the same corner, and mr. wickfield sat down to drink, and drank a good deal.
there were men to cut it, and men to split it, and men to gut it and scrape it clean inside.
the journey from our town to the metropolis was a journey of about five hours.
if we can know most about animals, we shall use this knowledge as a basis for inference about human beings; if we can know most about human beings, we shall adopt the opposite procedure.
i thank him kind, for all he done, im sure!
only one great caution needs to be made.
this means, so far as practical working out is concerned, that we adopt the relational theory; for in practice the refusal to assume points and instants has the same effect as the denial of them.
if, on the other hand, it is not a report, the subject may be treated more informally, made more pleasing.
for the present, however, let us confine ourselves to the hard data, with a view to discovering what sort of world can be constructed by their means alone.
unconscious of this prediction, mr. dick continued to occupy precisely the same ground in reference to the doctor and to mrs. strong.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
he seemed neither to advance nor to recede.
she was most noticeable, i thought, in respect of her extremities; for, her hair always wanted brushing, her hands always wanted washing, and her shoes always wanted mending and pulling up at heel.
it is a thing that has been foreseen by the inventor: to the lubricating apparatus is affixed a danger signal that would instantly warn the engineer.
his new york is intimate and clinging; it is caught in the mesh of the imagination.
joe felt, as i did, that he had made a point there, and he pulled hard at his pipe to keep himself from weakening it by repetition.
too delicate and difficult a subject for such interference, i replied.
the gracious and merciful heavens forbid!
and wrote inside, from a true friend, like the fust.
second: them poor things well out o' this, and never no more will i interfere with mrs. cruncher's flopping, never no more!
nor, of those who had been there when this visitor entered, was there one left.
customers entered, and the group was broken up.
finally, the prisoner made it understood that his vocabulary was inadequate, and there stepped up a dapper young man with waxed mustaches, bidding him speak in any language he knew.
of that writer himself i am not speaking: he is diligent, clean, and pleasing; we all owe him periods of entertainment, and he has achieved an amiable popularity which he has adequately deserved.
dressed like you, you know, only with a hat, i explained, trembling; andandi was very anxious to put this delicatelyand withthe same reason for wanting to borrow a file.
day after day she wandered about the yards begging a job, but this time without hope of finding it.
i do not deny that he has kept me in the dark as to his resources and his liabilities both, she went on, looking at the wall; but i never will desert mr. micawber!
the message was right enough, perhaps, said mr. barkis; but it come to an end there.
even so, however, she knew what was decent, and clung to her traditions with desperation.
here is mr. micawber, with a variety of qualifications, with great talent--i should say, with genius, but that may be the partiality of a wife-- traddles and i both murmured no.
my father thought you would get on more agreeably through to-morrow with me than with him, and might like to take a walk about london.
instinctive acts normally achieve some result which is agreeable to the natural man, but they are not performed from desire for this result.
the next will be regulated without much reference to them, i dare say, i returned: what are they doing as to this?
after a hard contest with that eccentric action of thought which had last perplexed him, he had got the better of it.
where is the literature which gives expression to nature?
the specific instances given below, like those already mentioned, will indicate to the inexperienced writer where to look for inspiration.
the two had agreed to meet her; and, after waiting, had gone to the room where she worked; only to find that the ham-wrapping girls had quit work an hour before, and left.
the mad joy over the prisoners who were saved, had astounded him scarcely less than the mad ferocity against those who were cut to pieces.
thus general truths cannot be inferred from particular truths alone, but must, if they are to be known, be either self-evident, or inferred from premisses of which at least one is a general truth.
beyond the whole of this series is the moment when he reaches the goal.
she cried, with her clenched hand, quivering as if it only wanted a weapon to stab the object of her wrath.
the consequence is, that while he is reading adam smith, ricardo, and say, he runs his father in debt irretrievably.
to be sure; of course, said miss murdstone.
we thus do away with the mere chance whim of like and dislike, and understand why we like what we do.
it became a part of my life, and as inseparable from my life as my own head.
when other birds are still the screech owls take up the strain, like mourning women their ancient u-lu-lu.
herbert, said i, after a short silence, in a hurried way, can you see me best by the light of the window, or the light of the fire?
a time, however, came, in the progress of human affairs, when men ceased to think it a necessity of nature that their governors should be an independent power, opposed in interest to themselves.
stipulations in the course of litigation do not need equivalents nor do they need to be acted on in order to be enforceable.
it was a trying thing to find people here, waiting for us; and my jealousy, even of the ladies, knew no bounds.
near mcgregor's bay i discovered in the large grass park of my camp-site nine deer, cropping the herbage like so many beautiful ghosts.
it is a hundred to one if i should avail myself of it four times in a year.
there are about two hundred children in the colony of epileptics at sonyea, more than half of whom are girls.
the doctor occupied two floors of a large stiff house, where several callings purported to be pursued by day, but whereof little was audible any day, and which was shunned by all of them at night.
we quickly follow up these lines, and where they cross each other on the side of the hill we scan every tree closely.
or finally, as a third general method, you may state the root principle and then expand in detail.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, are critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
as jurgis lay on his bed, hour after hour there came to him emotions that he had never known before.
and then one day there befell jurgis the one adventure of his life.
from the material which the writer obtained from the plumber, she wrote an article for an agricultural paper on how plumber's bills can be avoided.
however, having an infirmityfor i am hard of hearing, sir i expressed in pantomime the greatest astonishment.
i have gone aside from my purpose; i was speaking about our being friends.
it is pressed by the straits into a visibly convex form.
mr. jaggers worked that in this way: we say these are not marks of finger-nails, but marks of brambles, and we show you the brambles.
the pleasanter face which had replaced his, on the occasion of my last visit, answered to our summons, and went before us to the drawing-room.
my aunt sat musing for a little while, with her chin upon her hand.
why yes, ive took a short spell at the willing mind tonight, said mr. peggotty.
still, nobody appeared, to claim the dusty youngster from blunderstone, suffolk.
the way is off the ship, and it is with some apprehension we watch the packed boats that drop away from the davit heads.
such animals are sensitive to light, in the sense that their movements are affected by it; but it would be rash to infer that they have sensations in any way analogous to our sensations of sight.
but perhaps that was why she fascinated him; the sheer volume of marija's energy was overwhelming.
the only way to determine exactly the requirements of different newspapers and magazines is to count the words in typical articles in various departments.
why, what a sight for such bright eyes at midnight!
so was i, herbert, when the blow first fell.
in a word, i never saw anybody so thoroughly jovial as mr. micawber was, down to the very last moment of the evening, when i took a hearty farewell of himself and his amiable wife.
there came a time when there was so little flesh on him that the bones began to poke through--which was a horrible thing to see or even to think of.
perhaps, see the great crowd of people with its rush and roar, bearing down upon them, too.
the beliefs of to-day may count as true to-day, if they carry us along the stream; but to-morrow they will be false, and must be replaced by new beliefs to meet the new situation.
my aunt received a few lines next day in reply; addressed, outside, to her; within, to me.
such treadings on the tail of its own argument are very common in legal reasoning.
restored, it houses many reminders of the author and is maintained as a memorial to mark twain.
i wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.
it does not exist in edinburgh any more than in london, for it relates the two and is neutral as between them.
i was not beaten, or starved; but the wrong that was done to me had no intervals of relenting, and was done in a systematic, passionless manner.
more people are poor for lack of proper equipment to earn a living and proper direction in choosing a vocation, he said, than for any other one reason.
i thought that if i had been he, i would have tried to do it, at the cost of almost any hardship.
perhaps the facts most astounding and most real are never communicated by man to man.
what matter they now, the scars upon our back!
the white vapor of the kiln was passing from us as we went by, and as i had thought a prayer before, i thought a thanksgiving now.
i heard you were released, citizen evremonde.
let us look more closely at the first notice.
this bee gradually drifts down the hill, then strikes away toward a farm-house half a mile away, where i know bees are kept.
if you would be chaste, you must be temperate.
the little boy had spoken of him, almost at the last.
people strolled by and stared at the sign, but nobody came in to try my tea.
but let us not flatter ourselves that we are yet free from the stain even of legal persecution.
why, theres a pretty wide separation between them and us, said steerforth, with indifference.
the acziavimas is a ceremony which, once begun, will continue for three or four hours, and it involves one uninterrupted dance.
one of the first things he made out as he entered the room was teta elzbieta and little kotrina, looking pale and frightened, seated far in the rear.
the crowd about him had pressed and passed the inquiry on to the nearest attendant, and from him it had been more slowly pressed and passed back; at last it got to jerry: witnesses.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
read it, sir, he said, in a low shivering voice.
sometimes they came of themselves, and the saloon-keepers shared with them; or sometimes they were handled by agencies, the same as the labor army.
hamilton, we'll have a cole spread, an' some fizz--don't leave out the fizz, by harry.
why, then, should they direct and heighten and provoke and curb every action of life?
those through which jurgis and ona were walking resembled streets less than they did a miniature topographical map.
we can do this because we know of various characteristics which every individual has if he belongs to the collection, and not if he does not.
day after day, a vast heavy veil had been driving over london from the east, and it drove still, as if in the east there were an eternity of cloud and wind.
not absolutely always, for she could recall some occasions on which her power had failed; but they were few and slight, and she believed them over.
what are you talking?--i won't give you money, she added, as she followed him to the door, because you'll drink it up, and do yourself harm.
he rested pretty quiet till it might want a few minutes of five, and then he starts up with a scream, and screams out, here she is!
a regime in which anyone might freely set up a corporation to engage in a public service, or freely compete in such service, was superseded by one of legal exemption of existing public utilities from destructive competition.
we thought of the golden one whom we shall never see again.
and he turned his face towards saint antoine.
as my beloved child was helpful in restoring me to myself, i will be helpful now in restoring the dearest part of herself to her; by the aid of heaven i will do it!
whether he had been born a carpenter, or a coach-painter, any more than he had been born a bird?
it is a good eye that holds fast to the bee till it is fairly off.
the gentleman was serious immediately, and looked at me, i thought, as if he would entreat me to say nothing about the window.
around his neck was slung a tin bottle, as i had often seen his meat and drink slung about him in other days.
nay, annie, said the doctor, mildly, i have never doubted you, my child.
not that i have any occasion to tell you anything, for you know everything i know,as i told you at home the other night.
no garret, no shoemaking, no one hundred and five, north tower, now!
a small lofty room, with its window wide open, and the wooden jalousie-blinds closed, so that the dark night only showed in slight horizontal lines of black, alternating with their broad lines of stone colour.
no one remained now but the excitable jew, who had already raised the skirts of mr. jaggerss coat to his lips several times.
she, who so gloried in my fame, and so looked forward to its augmentation, well knew that i would labour on.
jurgis was standing by the table, and he caught himself with his hand; his head sank and his arms shook--it looked as if he were going to collapse.
in her beaming smile, and in these last tones of her cheerful voice, i seemed again to see and hear my little dora in her company.
if we respected only what is inevitable and has a right to be, music and poetry would resound along the streets.
some consider blue to be the color of pure water, whether liquid or solid.
here the image and the words together make up the content of the belief.
but peggotty said, with greater emphasis than usual, that we must take things as we found them, and that, for her part, she was proud to call herself a yarmouth bloater.
in such places, one is aware, with an almost insupportable and yet comforting certitude, that both men and nations are hurried onwards to their ruin or ending as inevitably as this dark flood.
indeed, i may say that i was a man of business when a boy.
what common elements may we find in the foregoing twelve pictures of what law is?
when he come to the grave, said our conductor, he showed his cloak beautiful.
she had been weeping, but her face then was so calm and beautiful!
said mr. peggotty, relieving his earnestness with a roar of laughter.
we are given no chance to aid our shipmates: the propellers tear the water in a furious race that sweeps them away, and we draw off swiftly from the side of the ship.
he was quite dismayed when he first began to find it out--that most of the men hated their work.
i was walking alone in the garden, one evening, about a fortnight afterwards.
the requirement that news be printed at the earliest possible moment teaches newspaper workers to collect facts and opinions quickly and to write them up rapidly under pressure.
i asked, after again considering the subject.
she was uncertain in her mind, and not happy.
the interesting doubt is as to whether the laws of motion will remain in operation until to-morrow.
if you want any mo how am i going to live?
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
in the right stage of the weather a pond fires its evening gun with great regularity.
one could sing funny songs and tell anecdotes if one traveled about and picked up such things, like one's uncles and cousins.
my mother is likewise a very umble person.
they squeezed me so hard sometimes, that i could not help crying out, oh!
no man loses ever on a lower level by magnanimity on a higher.
second, he must cultivate his memory so that he can recall a person's exact words without taking notes.
the rest, beautiful and fine in spirit, too seldom show that they are conscious of contemporaneous realities, too seldom vibrate with a tremendous sense of life.
we are all sculptors and painters, and our material is our own flesh and blood and bones.
english speech is her speech, and if with a difference, it is a difference that the philologist, all things considered, finds amazingly small.
i have been telling your daughter how well i have been disposing of my money for myself, because i couldnt trust it to you, as you were growing rusty in business matters.
that friend and fellow-sheep, who spoke of himself as pasturing in the country prisons; who was he?
you have kept your own room when you ought to have been here.
between the seine and the rhine lay once a beautiful land wherein more history was made, and recorded in old monuments full of grace and grandeur and fancy, than in almost any other region of the world.
we have no authoritative institutional book of anglo-american law, enacted by sovereign authority, and hence every teacher of law is entitled to his own terminology.
and she had struck him, and had thrown him off with the fury of a wild cat, and had burst out of the room.
we can give mr. copperfield seventy-two, sir, if it would be preferred.
there had been a violent struggle, perhaps a fight.
you see, wen missis gummidge falls a-thinking of the old un, she ant what you may call good company.
so meagre was the logical apparatus that all the hypotheses philosophers could imagine were found to be inconsistent with the facts.
on the contrary, i seem to have walked along a path of flowers as far as the crocodile-book, and to have been cheered by the gentleness of my mothers voice and manner all the way.
a few additions to our employment records made it possible to keep track of each man's complete qualifications.
not long since, a strolling indian went to sell baskets at the house of a well-known lawyer in my neighborhood.
as it came nearer, i saw it to be magwitch, swimming, but not swimming freely.
taking the word 'idea' in berkeley's sense, there are two quite distinct things to be considered whenever an idea is before the mind.
he adopted the junior member on first sight and sniff of him, by the way; would look on beaming as proudly as if he'd hatched him.
we climbed paths where the wild goat dared not follow.
i am a straw upon the surface of the deep, and am tossed in all directions by the elephants--i beg your pardon; i should have said the elements.
in each plateau the land is very level, there being but few places in the county having a difference in elevation of twenty feet within a radius of a mile.
in the particular case where the place concerned is a human brain, the perspective belonging to the place consists of all the perceptions of a certain man at a given time.
for you can, in addition to making a machine clear, endow it with life; in addition to enumerating the steps in a process, make it a fascinating adventure.
there can be no fair discussion of the question of usefulness, when an argument so vital may be employed on one side, but not on the other.
we sat down on a bench that was near, and i said, after so many years, it is strange that we should thus meet again, estella, here where our first meeting was!
the audience came to its feet with a yell; men waved their arms, laughing aloud in their excitement.
those who desire to make psychology as far as possible independent of physiology would do well, it seems to me, if they adopted mnemic causation.
you can scarcely realize to yourself the hatred those people feel for you.
and what wind, said miss havisham, blows you here, pip?
i represented myself as being surely worthy of some little confidence from him, in return for the confidence i had just now imparted.
there will be a packet to calais, tomorrow, drawer?
there is a poet who sings that deeper their heart grows and nobler their bearing, whose youth in the fires of anguish hath died.
then we could not speak, and they said: we heard that you had gone to the uncharted forest, for the whole city is speaking of it.
who made the old bailey a judge of beauty?
many persons, places, and objects that we have never seen are frequently as real to us as are those that we see daily.
in one word, it must always be foul to tell what is false; and it can never be safe to suppress what is true.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
from my own woods have already come several four-foot maple-leaved vibernums, which, though moved in june, throve and have made a fine new growth.
obviously these two hypothetical cases are sufficiently plausible and typical to explain the idea.
a hundred years ago they sold bark in our streets peeled from our own woods.
he said, shaking his head, thats the school where they broke the boys ribs--two ribs--a little boy he was.
the farmer is endeavoring to solve the problem of a livelihood by a formula more complicated than the problem itself.
i travelled heer, and i travelled theer, but i found no emly, and i travelled home.
there were in the cell, a chair, a table, and a straw mattress.
habitations, fences, domesticated animals, men, women, children, and the soil that bore them--all worn out.
and a monstrous thought came to us then, which has never left us.
as chapman sings, the false society of men for earthly greatness all heavenly comforts rarefies to air.
do you know that you can buy one for less than your rent?
said my aunt, taking out the cotton on that side again.
was he the curate of the neighboring church?
i think i ought to have' three dollars a day, he said.
miss havisham was taking exercise in the room with the long spread table, leaning on her crutch stick.
the unseen force was drawing him fast to itself, now, and all the tides and winds were setting straight and strong towards it.
the shining bull's eye of the court was gone, or it would have been the mark for a hurricane of national bullets.
i believe i was kept at home for that purpose.
some of the windows had been walled up; of those that remained, all the lower were rustily barred.
our interpretation of the sign will depend partly on the context or the circumstances, partly on what we know of the speaker, and partly on the association which we ourselves attach to the word in question.
we talked much of mr. micawber, on many other evenings while mr. peggotty remained with us.
all things, however, were in their places; all was quiet; and he lay asleep, his white hair picturesque on the untroubled pillow, and his hands lying quiet on the coverlet.
it is like molten glass cooled but not congealed, and the few motes in it are pure and beautiful like the imperfections in glass.
if any one is standing by he cuts him in the ankle.
all intelligence seems reflected in them.
of course, before long this custom spread, and jurgis was soon making quite a good income from it.
if you were to renounce this patronage and these favors, i suppose you would do so with some faint hope of one day repaying what you have already had.
the speaker who struck in, was sydney carton.
among all kinds of people a respect for them in their distress prevailed, which was full of gentleness and delicacy.
it is enough, my husband, said madame defarge.
we will, in the next chapter, consider briefly what may be said to account for such knowledge, and what is its scope and its degree of certainty.
how these roots acquired their meanings is not known, but a conventional origin is clearly just as mythical as the social contract by which hobbes and rousseau supposed civil government to have been established.
the answers to this question were various and contradictory.
properly chosen anecdotes should be the high lights in the proof of qualities which the writer's exposition establishes in more sober manner.
it must be remembered that, at our present level of doubt, we are not at liberty to accept testimony.
some twentieth-century aristotle may be now tugging at his bottle, as little dreaming as are his parents or his friends of a conquest of the mind, beside which the wonderful victories of the stagirite will look pale.
unwillingness to outline a subject generally means unwillingness to think.
you wont be quite at the other end of the world, will you?
mike ryan ran his fingers through his stubby crop with a puzzled air.
the men who hope to gain fame and fortune by this search are sure of their ground and they have all the most modern mechanical and electrical aids for their quest.
i ought to have made it, perhaps, but i couldnt azackly--that was always the substitute for exactly, in peggottys militia of words--bring my mind to it.
at first, i kept above blackfriars bridge; but as the hours of the tide changed, i took towards london bridge.
without further interruption, we reached the front office, where we found the clerk and the man in velveteen with the fur cap.
but pythagoras or his early followers easily proved that the square of one whole number cannot be double of the square of another.
i trust, and i almost believe, that the circumstances likely to renew it are exhausted.
biddy looked at me for an instant, and went on with her sewing.
our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things.
thus the harmony of society and the social order would not be disturbed by individual ambition.
in the course of a century a few americans have said in memorable words what life meant to them.
before this he had met life with a welcome--it had its trials, but none that a man could not face.
for a long time, though studying and working patiently, i had accustomed myself to robust exercise.
let your life be a counter friction to stop the machine.
the essential point is that he knows that the various descriptions all apply to the same entity, in spite of not being acquainted with the entity in question.
you might, from your appearance, be the wife of lucifer, said miss pross, in her breathing.
but the other was in full career--he had talked this subject every day for five years, and had never yet let himself be stopped.
he knowed that finger when he saw joseph, and he saw it plain.
this is the view of william james, professor dewey, and the american realists.
this little round table with the marble top (its two feet ten in circumference), i bought.
i thought he never would have done wiping his feet, and that i must have gone out to lift him off the mat, but at last he came in.
i feel as if i were nearer to the vitals of the globe, for this sandy overflow is something such a foliaceous mass as the vitals of the animal body.
why you see, said the waiter, still looking at the light through the tumbler, with one of his eyes shut up, our people dont like things being ordered and left.
(we dreaded exuberant visiting children.)
this was no world for women and children, and the sooner they got out of it the better for them.
the club received him with transport, and held an harmonic meeting that evening in his honour; while mrs. micawber and i had a lambs fry in private, surrounded by the sleeping family.
think of me at my best, if circumstances should ever part us!
do instants, as we have defined them, have these properties?
i looked at him eagerly when he looked at me, and slightly moved my hands and shook my head.
mystery is delightful, but unscientific, since it depends upon ignorance.
these he peddles still, prompting god and disgracing man, bearing for fruit his brain only, like the nut its kernel.
nobody would have thought so, to see her sitting upright, with her arms folded; but she had wonderful self-command.
ambition, love of approbation, sympathy, and much more, i suppose?
for there is something more than the fetish of a traditional latin phrase with the hallmark of roman legal science behind our reluctance to enforce all deliberate promises simply as such.
already energetic characters on any large scale are becoming merely traditional.
it is a sound admirably suited to swamps and twilight woods which no day illustrates, suggesting a vast and undeveloped nature which men have not recognized.
trot, said my aunt, calmly, its my husband.
the true test of civilization is, not the crops, not the size of cities, not the census,--no, but the kind of man the country turns out.
said dora, trying very hard, and looking very much distressed.
one day, traddles (the most unfortunate boy in the world) breaks that window accidentally, with a ball.
travel abroad and foreign study are just as necessary for an american scholar as foreign buying is for an american dealer in trousseaus.
or are we to say that austin derived his systematic ideas, not from scientific study of english law, but from scientific study of roman law in a german university?
some are industrious, and appear to love labor for its own sake, or perhaps because it keeps them out of worse mischief; to such i have at present nothing to say.
i could get all i should want for a week in one day.
if the boots i wore at that period could only be produced and compared with the natural size of my feet, they would show what the state of my heart was, in a most affecting manner.
what is it, what is it but a direction out there, and the bare possibility of going somewhere?
these precautions well understood by both of us, i went home.
lookee here, old chap, said joe, bending over me.
and yet, when i think of estella (and when dont you, you know?
i try to be a good wife, jerry, the poor woman protested, with tears.
and now, while he was composed, and hoped that he could meet the end with quiet heroism, a new action began in his waking thoughts, which was very difficult to master.
the eastern tartars think that there is nothing west beyond thibet.
for instance, it took one girl ninety days to learn to lay three sticks in the form of a letter a.
nobody knows, and i dare say goldsmith's buoyant temper kept no account of, all the pains which he endured during the early period of his literary career.
with a slight wave of his hand, as though to explain to me that he could not enter the old place, he turned away.
the building had to be left open, and when the wind blew durham and company lost a great deal of fertilizer.
they are waxed a few times each year, and a little work each morning with dust mop and carpet sweeper keeps them in good order.
we discourse freely without shame of one form of sensuality, and are silent about another.
in this unsatisfied quest the attitude of mind, the desire, the thirst--a thirst that from the soul must rise!--the fervent longing, are the be-all and the end-all.
but new zealanders find the falsehood of this proposition self-evident.
where i lived was as far off as many a region viewed nightly by astronomers.
we have put to sea in a cockboat, but we are quite prepared to rough it.
i told him, best as i was able, what my gratitoode was, and went away through france.
not very long, marija answered, and then, at a signal from aniele, she rushed on: you go away, jurgis you can't help--go away and come back later.
the tall man called out again with a most unearthly cry, dead!
said this least of women, trying to fold her short arms, and nodding her large head.
i accepted the invitation, and took my leave, making a call on uriah in the office as i went out, and leaving a card for him in his absence.
he had stopped the moment i began, and had listened with his usual repose of manner.
here, in virtue of the theorem, the square on the diagonal is double of the square on either of the sides.
and yet, strange as it might seem, there was a subtle bond between them, and he could follow the argument nearly all the time.
there is a period in the history of the individual, as of the race, when the hunters are the best men, as the algonquins called them.
it is largely responsible for the practice of repeated new trials which makes the jury a most expensive tribunal.
i narrowly escaped being run over, twenty times at least, in half a mile.
as an aid to rapid reading illustrations are unexcelled.
le bon dieu me dit: chante, chante, pauvre petit.
as i thought the time was now come for pursuing the theme i had at heart, i said, turning on mr. jaggers: i did ask something of miss havisham, however, sir.
and bless my heart, i involuntarily added aloud, its to-night!
all night there were coaches in my broken sleep, going to wrong places instead of to london, and having in the traces, now dogs, now cats, now pigs, now men,never horses.
only now we better understand the world.
these mighty gentlemen live, when at business, in palatial suites of offices constructed of marble and fine woods and laid with rich rugs.
compeysons wife and me took him up to bed agen, and he raved most dreadful.
i was afraid to sleep, even if i had been inclined, for i knew that at the first faint dawn of morning i must rob the pantry.
and then, from its home behind the low, powder-magazine-like sheds, there rode forth a strange car, the like of which was never seen before.
said dora, or that the weather has really changed?
then one day late in august, a superintendent ran into the place and shouted to jurgis and his gang to drop their work and come.
as i had grown accustomed to my expectations, i had insensibly begun to notice their effect upon myself and those around me.
and we owe aniele for two weeks' rent, and she is nearly starving, and is afraid of being turned out.
as i came to myself (with the aid of a heavy thump between the shoulders, and the restorative exclamation yah!
ive wrote afore you, he says to me, and i shall speak to many as will come that way, and many will know you, fur distant from here, when youre a-travelling alone.
it would seem, therefore, that actions alone must be the test of the desires of animals.
most of the working truths on this earth are humble, not heroic; and there have been times in the history of mankind when the accents of heroic truth have moved it to nothing but derision.
withal he was a goodhearted fellow--too much so, it appeared.
cried the stranger, calling to the landlord.
perhaps their first doubt arises with regard to the wear and tear of camp life upon those most directly responsible for its conduct.
a man he had met, his cell mate had replied--one thing leads to another.
i mentioned what they had said about her, and she laughed, and told me they were impudent fellows who talked nonsense--but i knew it pleased her.
it was soon done, and the boat was brought round to the temple stairs, and lay where i could reach her within a minute or two.
indeed, he himself signalized an exception immediately after stating his maxim.
are good and evil of importance to the universe or only to man?
personally we look forward to an old age of dissipation and indolence and unreverend disrepute.
to this letter, i received an answer by return of post.
then we covered the inner surface of the screen door and we had a room.
that being the name i wanted, i knocked, and an elderly woman of a pleasant and thriving appearance responded.
more and more friends gathered round while the lamentation about these things was going on.
she had entirely overlooked her job as forewoman of her own establishment!
he--he meant it--he would have ruined us.
we meet with it in a chin, and we say, there it is!
it was not so with the second; and to attain this, or when already in some degree possessed, to attain it more completely, became everywhere the principal object of the lovers of liberty.
when i joined mr. peggotty, he was walking slowly and thoughtfully down the hill.
in anglo-american law, the justification of property on a natural principle of occupation of ownerless things got currency through blackstone.
are you aware, or are you not aware, that none of these witnesses have yet been cross-examined?
it is better to lose a chicken than to lose a customer.
it is a little document to do so much; and traddles contemplates it, as it lies upon my desk, half in admiration, half in awe.
it is, however, by no means an easy matter to discover a form of correspondence to which there are no irrefutable objections.
the slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.
we can kill as well as the men when the place is taken!
i had never seen them on such ill terms; for generally they got on very well indeed together.
we took our seats at the round table, and my guardian kept drummle on one side of him, while startop sat on the other.
as she withdrew her hands from it, she fell back a step or two, nervously muttering some excuse.
to him whose elastic and vigorous thought keeps pace with the sun, the day is a perpetual morning.
i am the resurrection and the life, saith the lord: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.
and if you were, i won't be took the liberty with.
murmured madame defarge, smiling to the vengeance.
i indicated in what direction the mist had shrouded the other man, and he looked up at it for an instant.
the citizeness looking at him, he became embarrassed, evaded her glance as a small dog would have done, retreated among his wood, and hid his confusion over the handle of his saw.
in an account of the american civil war, for example, the writer might set out to show that the conflict was the culmination of the struggle between yeoman and cavalier begun long since in england.
if he is grossly deficient in those qualities, a sentiment the opposite of admiration will follow.
jokubas possesses what his wife complacently describes as poetiszka vaidintuve--a poetical imagination.
when i had exhausted the garden and a greenhouse with nothing in it but a fallen-down grape-vine and some bottles, i found myself in the dismal corner upon which i had looked out of the window.
i calculated the consequences of replying four hundred pound, and finding them against me, went as near the answer as i couldwhich was somewhere about eightpence off.
if i aint been azackly as intimate with you.
herbert was rarely there less frequently than three times in a week, and he never brought me a single word of intelligence that was at all alarming.
this article was obviously written with the purpose, skillfully concealed, of calling attention to the hard lot of the underpaid professor.
there was a supper-tray after we got home at night, and i think we should all have enjoyed ourselves, but for a rather disagreeable domestic occurrence.
creating an apple (or other fruit) orchard.
--universities don't lead thought--they follow it.
on the contrary, my love, said i, referring to my watch, its a few minutes too slow.
i dont think i ever saw a crocodile, returned mr. dick, mildly.
but as it was, i considered that i enhanced the value of the land by squatting on it.
as i grew up, he occupied the same place still.
he remains up there in his iron cage some days.
this does you credit, twenty eight, returned the questioner.
in jail and out of jail, in jail and out of jail, in jail and out of jail.
he had wasted his life, he had wrecked himself, with his accursed weakness; and now he was done with it--he would tear it out of him, root and branch!
but, says one, you do not mean that the students should go to work with their hands instead of their heads?
there is also a tendency toward extensive rather than intensive fruit growing, which has resulted in many large plantings being made.
he is quite a good fellow--nobodys enemy but his own.
young jerry, said mr. cruncher, turning to his offspring, it's a buryin'.
othello believes falsely that desdemona loves cassio.
traddles is not at all wanted, but is in attendance as my general backer.
and they were not improved, as it appeared to me, by the old soldier: who continually recalled passages of mr. jack maldons youth.
the belief in the law of contradiction is a belief about things, not only about thoughts.
if it is criticism by standards, does it approach the appreciative?
i remember the day when i read these periodicals and pamphlets with all the zest of hunger and poverty, vigorously seeking to persuade myself that flesh was an altogether superfluous, and even repulsive, food.
would you like to have a look at newgate?
the process is delusive and insufficient, exactly in proportion as the subject-matter of the observation is special and limited in extent.
madame defarge cast down her eyes, and reflected a little.
after this, by means of a screw-lever a powerful pressure is exerted upon the water, which forces out the rams until the rock gives way under the strain.
he was tender of the very slippers she had been warming, as he put them on, and stretched his feet enjoyingly upon the fender.
the eyes of monsieur defarge were studying his wife at her knitting when the elderly gentleman advanced from his corner, and begged the favour of a word.
why this is so i have never been able to discover.
does the author show traces of influence from the intended readers, the american public?
the american spirit may be figured as petitioning the muses for twelve novelists, ten poets, and eight dramatists, to be delivered at the earliest possible moment.
it is no great effort to make, i am sure, for such a friend as she has been to me.
o. henry asks us to imagine the unimaginable--that is his crime.
i cannot think i was a very dangerous character in any of these aspects, but in all of them i carried the same warning on my back.
he leaves new york at two-thirty o'clock on monday afternoon, having reported at his car nearly three hours before so as to make sure that it is properly stocked and cleaned for its long trip.
i will not allow anybody to interfere, said mrs. pocket.
there are few books which go with midnight, solitude, and a candle.
such an exuberance of animal spirits had he that he sometimes tumbled down and rolled on the ground with laughter at any thing which made him think and tickled him.
in this way the rail creeps forward relentlessly at a steady, monotonous pace.
it is the word by which the depraved steal the virtue of the good, by which the weak steal the might of the strong, by which the fools steal the wisdom of the sages.
if such constructions are possible, then mathematical physics is applicable to the real world, in spite of the fact that its particles, points, and instants are not to be found among actually existing entities.
upon my life and honour, i never was so rejoiced, my beloved copperfield, never!
peter might have been hanged, or tom transported; but littimer was perfectly respectable.
indignation is a submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires; the stoic freedom in which wisdom consists is found in the submission of our desires, but not of our thoughts.
the roman catholic church, or any other church.
don't go and tell me that you buried cly.
through this, whistling a tune, we took our way to the haunts of men again.
interest on the money you still owe, she answered.
very good, pip, he observed, when i had concluded, ill go round presently, and pay our friend off.
a childish association revived with wonderful force in the moment of the slight action, and i fancied that i saw miss havisham hanging to the beam.
madame and solange, obviously relieved, joined us in the amen, and we sat down again to eat.
what must be done, said traddles, is this.
no, my dear fellow, said the author; he is all of us.
louder, vengeance, much louder, and still she will scarcely hear thee.
he gave the cane another poise, and another switch; and having finished his preparation of it, laid it down beside him, with an impressive look, and took up his book.
you might drag him at the heels of four wild horses first.
a convenient plan for having peace in the intellectual world, and keeping all things going on therein very much as they do already.
his assertion of the right of the individual to be free from all external restraints is the ardent revolt of the strenuous seeker for selfhood against whatever hinders him in this task.
i was alone, and had a dull sense of being alone.
from his personal experience, as giving the writer the greatest advantage, mr. burroughs chooses.
perseverance and strength of character will enable us to bear much worse things.
he bent over the child, and laid her blooming cheek against his face.
and although my sister instantly boxed my ears, it was highly gratifying to me to see that the answer spoilt his joke, and brought him to a dead stop.
it is paying for itself many times over.
the salesman discovered the technical man and went to him for tips on new equipment needed by customers whose plants he had visited.
these are among the ductless glands, the functions of which, both in physiology and in connection with the emotions, have only come to be known during recent years.
thus the essence of continuity must not be sought in the nature of the set of terms, but in the nature of their arrangement in a series.
she could not keep her past a secret--girls had tried it, and they were always found out.
it was horrible to think that i had provided the weapon, however undesignedly, but i could hardly think otherwise.
i took advantage of a moment when joe had just looked at me, and got my bread and butter down my leg.
not only the idea expressed, but the way in which it is expressed, may catch the eye.
therefore it would be better for jurgis to stay in hiding and never be seen in public with his pal.
and man stood aside from the struggle, resolving that god intended harmony to come out of chaos by human efforts.
i am sensible of having felt that a dignity attached to me among the rest of the boys, and that i was important in my affliction.
it was a dry cold night, and the wind blew keenly, and the frost was white and hard.
he is at home at present, said the latter.
when she was--lost, said mr. peggotty, i knowd in my mind, as he would take her to them countries.
our voice was hard and there was no mercy in our voice.
the trial had lasted all day, and the lamps in the court were now being lighted.
let my dearest boy go with us to our resting-place, she said, and tell him that his mother, when she lay here, blessed him not once, but a thousand times.
times up, said wemmick, and i must be off.
it is a far, far better thing that i do, than i have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that i go to than i have ever known.
and which it is to be took into account that if it wos, it wouldn't, even then, be all o' one side.
i shall never, dear ladies, i exclaimed, relieved of an immense load of apprehension, forget your kindness!
we could never get anything to do--here--again.
madame defarge, his wife, sat in the shop behind the counter as he came in.
it also appears so to me, but i am not aware that any community has a right to force another to be civilised.
she won't tell what is the matter and she won't go to work at all.
i wished him good night, and walked out of the shop the richer by that sum, and the poorer by a waistcoat.
it is lucid, compact, logical, rich in telling epithet, informal and swift.
he walked to and fro, with thoughts very busy, until it was time to return to tellson's and take leave of mr. lorry.
she raised her eyes to my face, on being thus addressed, and her fingers plied their work, and she looked at me with an unmoved countenance.
such a time, of all times, for them to have it, when their hearts were made tender!
yes, dearest charles, with her hands on his breast, and the inquiring and attentive expression fixed upon him; we are rather thoughtful to-night, for we have something on our mind to-night.
not certainly in every case, and yet perhaps in more than rigourists would fancy.
he had less than seventy-five cents in his pockets, and a dollar and a half due him for the day's work he had done before he was hurt.
dont you think, my dear, said i, it would be better for you to remonstrate with mary anne?
he may wear his boots much too large for him, or much too small.
we will call such truths 'truths of perception', and the judgements expressing them we will call 'judgements of perception'.
in other times there was no advantage in their doing so, unless they acted not only differently, but better.
they were entire mistresses of the place, and sophy and traddles waited on them.
i sat in a chair on the other side of the hearth, lost in unhappy reflections, and looking at the fire too, and sometimes at her.
at forty, they are sent to the home of the useless, where the old ones live.
and then he took us home and hammered us.
to this objection there are three supplementary answers, physiological, psychological, and logical.
because i want to ask a question about a house there, that they call the--what is it?--the rookery, said i.
to judge from appearances, youre out of luck, says compeyson to me.
his theory has something in common with current philosophical speculation, and it is in part, as i understand, a kind of adumbration, a shrewd guess, at the present attitude of cytologists.
its motion continually suggests muscular action.
he cried, jumping up and pacing the floor.
another clerk was rung down from upstairs to take his place while he was out, and i accompanied him into the street, after shaking hands with my guardian.
it is fairly obvious, in view of what has been said, that this proposition states a relation between the universal 'two' and the universal 'four'.
but, the fierce figures were steadily wending east, west, north, and south, be that as it would; and whosoever hung, fire burned.
i should think there never can have been a man who enjoyed his profession more than mr. creakle did.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
it sets my teeth on edge to think of it.
tell monsieur what kind of shoe it is, and the maker's name.
it is therefore not astonishing that this class of functional nervous diseases is not confined to the wealthy, and that the rich and the poor are indiscriminately affected.
exclaim a million irishmen starting up from all the shanties in the land, is not this railroad which we have built a good thing?
the mere fact that something has happened a certain number of times causes animals and men to expect that it will happen again.
as we are quite confidential here, mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, sipping her punch, mr. traddles being a part of our domesticity, i should much like to have your opinion on mr. micawbers prospects.
italian's theme and of the pupils was probably that of an progress italian girl.
i believe there are men who can lay hold of a needle in a pottle of hay at the first try.
but nothing could have made him what he used to be again; and i was proud that he should think me so worthy, and we were married.
of the everlasting soul of man, arising from the dust; breaking its way out of its prison--rending the bands of oppression and ignorance--groping its way to the light!
as it turned out, the most serious problem was encountered at the hudson river, where the engineers had to determine upon the best method for conducting the water past that great natural obstacle.
i expressed my sense of this commendation, and said i was very sorry we were going to lose one another.
i think the extremities require to be at peace before the stomach will conduct itself with vigour.
things useful need never become to him things desirable.
i have tried trade; but i found that it would take ten years to get under way in that, and that then i should probably be on my way to the devil.
it is not my business to be petitioning the governor or the legislature any more than it is theirs to petition me; and, if they should not hear my petition, what should i do then?
for i am generally disinterested in my love, and think i could be content to make a figure before miss larkins, and expire.
madame defarge set wine before the mender of roads called jacques, who doffed his blue cap to the company, and drank.
there was nothing he cared for now so much as to sit and look at the baby.
would they not, with considerable peremptoriness, desire these intrusively pious members of society to mind their own business?
for i was going to thank him, i tell you at once, i am paid for my services, or i shouldnt render them.
sometimes you will detect at once a blinding prejudice.
she might have had the politeness to send that message at first, but its better late than never.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
the professional sociologists were chiefly interested in the money cost of this process to the tax-payer, and they took notes on the proportion of first offenders.
the first time i saw the man who became my husband was at the casino in newport.
and some of these meanings may also be further developed.
for i know what happiness is possible to me on earth.
youll sleep here, while we stay, and i shall sleep at the hotel.
i would go for nothing, if i could, i said, but i want the money badly.
without presuming to give my opinion on this question, i delivered my message.
then mounted police appear, headed by some fat official in a cockade hat and with many ribbons on his chest.
said steerforth, everyone who likes me, has a claim on her that is sure to be acknowledged.
the other kind arises when the object of sense is complex, and we subject it to some degree of analysis.
to cite a rather trivial example, nothing in the creed or practice of christians does more to envenom the hatred of mahomedans against them, than the fact of their eating pork.
he is capable of rectifying his mistakes, by discussion and experience.
rogers, being the first vessel of that description that ever crossed the sea, and having excited equal admiration and astonishment as she entered port under the power of her steam.
i would not keep it, said mr. lorry, shaking his head; for he gained in firmness as he saw the doctor disquieted.
if a girl, doll or no doll, swoons within a yard or two of a man's nose, he can see it without a perspective-glass.
(i have since chuckled at the horror and wrath with which mr. smillie and mr. thomas would hear of such profligate conduct.)
the standing army is only an arm of the standing government.
i remembered the time when minnie was a young and pretty girl; and i was glad she remembered it too, so feelingly.
it struck me that wemmick walked among the prisoners much as a gardener might walk among his plants.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
a farmer's life is one incessant fight.
in front, upon a raised platform behind a rail, sat a stout, florid-faced personage, with a nose broken out in purple blotches.
possibilities for the small farmer in america.
philosophy has suffered from the lack of this kind of modesty.
from now on jurgis worked from seven o'clock until half-past five, with half an hour for dinner; which meant that he never saw the sunlight on weekdays.
the things given will not, in practice, be things that only exist for an instant, for such things, if there are any, can never be data.
such psychical surgery is, i think, a common way of making character; perhaps it is, indeed, the only way.
i waived that question, and returned to the murdstones.
i asked him, with a better appearance of composure than i could have thought possible a minute before, whether he had made his feelings known to agnes.
when we three males were left alone after dinner, he got into a more adventurous state.
when i have yielded myself to it, i have been alone, and then i have imagined them the footsteps of the people who are to come into my life, and my father's.
the beginning must present some vital phase of the subject; it should not be merely something attractive attached to the article to catch the reader's notice.
in law some situations call for the product of hands, not of machines, for they involve not repetition, where the general elements are significant, but unique events, in which the special circumstances are significant.
the young womans violence when she came to, after i broke the fact of his departure, was beyond all expectations.
but it was a summer night, fortunately, and fine weather.
it is not merely that he does not lie.
one method of simplifying them is to translate them into terms with which the average reader is familiar.
agnes was one of mr. dicks friends, very soon; and in often coming to the house, he made acquaintance with uriah.
now this, i need not tell you, is a very serious error.
it passed over me, instantly returned and rested on ray eyes for almost a second.
way was blazed for the pioneer kitchen by edward f. brown, executive secretary of the new york school lunch committee.
nothing but supper now, said the mender of roads, with a hungry face.
for example, if a body falls freely, there is a constant relation between the height through which it falls and the time it takes in falling.
the watchman made more light of the matter than i did, and naturally; not having my reason for attaching weight to it.
there was something positively awful to me in this, and in the brightness of her eyes, as she said, looking fixedly at me: what is he doing?
i think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward.
mankind speedily become unable to conceive diversity, when they have been for some time unaccustomed to see it.
janet, said my aunt, when her servant came in.
i have my horizon bounded by woods all to myself; a distant view of the railroad where it touches the pond on the one hand, and of the fence which skirts the woodland road on the other.
miss shepherd is a boarder at the misses nettingalls establishment.
a little while afterwards, he broke out in an entirely new direction, and confessed to a knowledge of burglarious intentions as to our premises, on the part of the pot-boy, who was immediately taken up.
duane did not even bother to keep back names and places--he told all his triumphs and his failures, his loves and his griefs.
i should think it would be a very good thing.
they are destined, i trust, to assist at the raising of loftier structures one day.
the highest that we can attain to is not knowledge, but sympathy with intelligence.
to common sense, a human body is one thing, but to science the matter composing it is continually changing.
and the brother and sister are pursuing their old course, are they?
in short, she was shaking the curls again, when the little dog came running along the walk to our relief.
it lacked but three days of the holidays.
traddles would be often at the bottom of the staircase, looking on, and taking charge of sportive messages from dora to the dearest girl in the world.
it swung over the sharp curves without faltering, crossed the switch, and floated--floated is the only word for the serene and equable quality of its movement--round and round the quarter-mile circle.
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
but that one dark glimpse of the river, through the gateway, had instinctively prepared me for her going no farther.
they could have kept in comfort a dozen wives apiece--modest ones--on what they voluntarily preferred to turn over to the dear old college.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
he never asked where he was nor where he was going; the country was big enough, he knew, and there was no danger of his coming to the end of it.
mr. jarvis lorry, are you a clerk in tellson's bank?
i asked, in some hope of bringing him to a stand.
they had been thinking of letting little stanislovas go to work.
her forehead had been strikingly expressive of an engrossing terror and compassion that saw nothing but the peril of the accused.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
she departs for a few hours, and, by the break in usage, is restored, in his consciousness, to womanhood.
my sister lavinia, said she being conversant with matters of this nature, will state what we consider most calculated to promote the happiness of both parties.
what is the price-current of an honest man and patriot today?
these periods differed widely in the particular opinions which they developed; but were alike in this, that during all three the yoke of authority was broken.
miss havisham, said joe, with a fixed look at me, like an effort of remembrance, made it wery partickler that we should give herwere it compliments or respects, pip?
to every one they saw, they had all their stock taken away and received a thrashing besides from a big newsman upon whose territory they had trespassed.
they held that it might have a bad effect on school spirit.
and how should she be up there, without coming through the door, or in at the window, and up the stairs?
many, many, many, happy returns, said the old soldier.
it was for all the world the old story of prometheus bound.
it was part of fate; they would manage it somehow--he made his usual answer, i will work harder.
they never had been opened; and we had no oyster-knives--and couldnt have used them if we had; so we looked at the oysters and ate the mutton.
their little bodies were covered by the three-foot thick mattress-like red silk quilt, but their tousled heads protruded and they watched us unblinkingly all the evening.
said mr. micawber, raising his eyebrows.
i could have done you no harm, if you had done yourself none.
he believed he was an indulgent father (as indeed he was), and i might spare myself any solicitude on her account.
i have done both and ought to know.... can it be merely because the one is done strictly in the home or because no one can see you do it?
those things for which the most money is demanded are never the things which the student most wants.
it is even a service to be thankfully proud of having rendered.
but to require in all cases the certificate of a medical practitioner, would make it sometimes impossible, always expensive, to obtain the article for legitimate uses.
i had arrived early in the day, and we had still three or four hours before dinner; but she sat there, plying her knitting-needles as monotonously as an hour-glass might have poured out its sands.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
but her earnest cordiality, and her quiet beauty, shone with the gentler lustre for it.
remembering has to be a present occurrence in some way resembling, or related to, what is remembered.
you said that you dwelt upon the fact-- true!
how could i have looked him in the face?
if i had never seen charles, my father, i should have been quite happy with you.
he must have a drink now and then, a drink for its own sake, and apart from the food that came with it.
my sons tutor is a conscientious gentleman; and if i had not implicit reliance on my son, i should have reliance on him.
but by his own confession in the above passage, his criterion for distinguishing them is not always adequate.
in heaven's name why should you kneel to me!
so the next morning jurgis went to his employer and told him; and the man seized him by the hand and shook it.
janet was drafted into the service of mrs. strong, where i saw her every day.
they knew nothing about consumption whatever, except that it made people cough; and for two weeks they had been worrying about a coughing-spell of antanas.
his night-attacks are more nocturnal, and his scaling parties are more heroically scaligerous than those of any other writer.
not that they did not pay them well--any man could get two dollars a day and his board, and the best men could get two dollars and a half or three.
besides, you are very clever, and i never was.
and they would lose it all; they would be turned out into the streets, and have to hide in some icy garret, and live or die as best they could!
they are either solid grass, or have a little sand in the middle.
then they asked: are street sweepers sent to different parts of the city or do they always work in the same places?
he protested that it was too much, but the other had agreed to divide even.
i had, at one time, certainly, said mr. wickfield.
mr. peggotty uttered no cry, and shed no tear, and moved no more, until he seemed to wake again, all at once, and pulled down his rough coat from its peg in a corner.
one of them started to her feet as jurgis entered; she was haggard and frightfully thin, with one arm tied up in bandages--he hardly realized that it was marija.
like two young mavishes, mr. peggotty said.
it is hardly to be supposed, therefore, that the rapid, rough and ready methods of instinct or intuition will find in this field a favourable ground for their application.
or if the poor child, his mother, had been alive, he would still have gone into the respectable business, would he?
suppose, for example, a person with his eyes shut is holding a weight in his hand, and someone noiselessly adds a small extra weight.
knowing what i knew, i set up an inference of my own here.
formerly, in addition to her fine, the prisoner would pay a commission to the professional purveyor of bail.
yet we feel, when challenged, that a perfectly good reason could be found, even if we are not ready with it at the moment.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
it was because the children of the empire were not suckled by the wolf that they were conquered and displaced by the children of the northern forests who were.
traddless house is one of the very houses--or it easily may have been--which he and sophy used to parcel out, in their evening walks.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
was he the only passenger who came on board at that untimely hour?
what a pleasure to be the cause of that bright change in her attentive face, and the object of that sweet regard and welcome!
dear boy, he answered, clasping my hands, i dont know when we may meet again, and i dont like good-bye.
but the price paid for this sort of intellectual pacification, is the sacrifice of the entire moral courage of the human mind.
while i was copying the plain inscription for him at his request, i saw him stoop, and gather a tuft of grass from the grave and a little earth.
sometimes we are inclined to class those who are once-and-a-half-witted with the half-witted, because we appreciate only a third part of their wit.
nevertheless, it was not easy, with the face of his beloved wife fresh before him, to compose his mind to what it must bear.
i've had to walk, and i didn't know where it was--i don't know how to get back, either.
it was the first time, except at the trial, of her ever hearing him refer to the period of his suffering.
ona had grown used to it as the solution of all difficulties--i will work harder!
its golden rays straggled into the aisles of the wood as into some noble hall.
i don't care an english twopence for myself.
after it is over--say at eight to-night--come you to me, in saint antoine, and we will give information against these people at my section.
it is the law, remarked the ancient clerk, turning his surprised spectacles upon him.
it had been moving towards me, but it stood still.
sophy arrives at the house of doras aunts, in due course.
said mr. crunches looking about, as if he rather expected to see the loaf disappear under the efficacy of his wife's petitions.
the spy had kept his eyes open, but had been able to detect no sign.
as soon as i could creep away, i crept upstairs.
but what need i know or care about this fellow, and his common niece?
a chinese mandarin is as much the tool and creature of a despotism as the humblest cultivator.
the cost of shipping by parcel post is low.
that little man of a doctor, with his head on one side, said my aunt, jellips, or whatever his name was, what was he about?
troops massed there and on the forecastle-head are apprehensive: it is indeed a wonder that their officers have held them for so long.
what makes the butlerian cult so impressive is, of course, that butler, poor dear, as the english say, was the least worshipful of men.
the police, and the strikers also, were determined that there should be no violence; but there was another party interested which was minded to the contrary--and that was the press.
when i next attended to them, they were standing a little off from the bed, looking at me.
at all events his face was tied up in a black silk handkerchief, which, with his hat perched on the top of it, was far from improving his appearance.
the liquid is then of course thicker and sweeter, and will bear diluting.
at last it either prevails, and becomes the general opinion, or its progress stops; it keeps possession of the ground it has gained, but ceases to spread further.
this is a charity that hides a multitude of sins.
we have no bed now, save the moss, and no future, save the beasts.
a. is a unionist candidate for this constituency, and no one else is'.
i believe, he said this with some hesitation, i penetrate your motive, and it makes the thing more difficult.
it was as if i had to make up my mind to leap from the top of a high house, or plunge into a great depth of water.
so did even the clustered village in the valley, with its wooden bridge across the stream, where the stream tumbled over broken rocks, and roared away among the trees.
but you know were so very umble, he returned.
my credentials, entries, and memoranda, are all comprehended in the one line, 'recalled to life;' which may mean anything.
in the two ways just explained, through partition and through the idea of self-acquired property, individual interests in property came to be recognized throughout the law.
is the length of the article proportionate to the subject?
they even whisper that because he has slain monseigneur, and because monseigneur was the father of his tenants--serfs--what you will--he will be executed as a parricide.
for a new period of growth, demanded by the expansion of society and the breaking over the bonds of authority, was at hand to make new and wholly different demands upon philosophy.
four lights broke out there, and moved away in different directions, and all was black again.
oftentimes, owing to inexperience, a boy accepts a position without inquiring into the details and nature of the same.
he does not hesitate to acknowledge abundance of moral ugliness in his subject.
looking gently at him again, she was surprised and saddened to see that there were tears in his eyes.
heres mike, said the clerk, getting down from his stool, and approaching mr. jaggers confidentially.
it will be remembered that we defined meaning by association a word or image means an object, we said, when it has the same associations as the object.
in the bed in which the girl slept and died, the man sleeps and dies, and the entrance of the deadly fumes into his nostrils shuts the sinister and mournful coincidence forever from the knowledge of mankind.
a cover sheet of the same paper is a convenient device.
i was very hot, and the voice i heard was very unlike mine, when i said, it is, sir!
my face, neck, and hands, from unaccustomed exposure to the air and sun, were burnt to a berry-brown.
another silence followed this, and another gentle beating on my hand.
to begin with, there are various different attitudes that may be taken towards the same content.
it was of no use for them to try to deceive him; he knew as much about the situation as they did, and he knew that the family might literally starve to death.
that is too weighty a subject to be discussed parenthetically, and by way of illustration.
the piccolo, a small, shrill flute sounding an octave higher than the ordinary flute, was introduced into the symphony orchestra by beethoven, though it had frequently been used before in opera scores.
ceilin' painted in rome--whuzzat feller's name, hamilton--mattatoni?
it was after such a debauch that he rose a little before dawn one fine august morning and started out after his fiftieth dragon.
marija, who threatened horrid murder a hundred times a day, and would weep over the injury of a fly, seized little sebastijonas in her arms and bid fair to smother him with kisses.
she had never been like this before, he would argue--it was monstrous and unthinkable.
but now he had been admitted--he was a part of it all!
yet, having already made his fortune in his own mind, he was so unassuming with it that i felt quite grateful to him for not being puffed up.
this is the policy of performance, not promises--service before sales.
there had been a heavy snow, and now a thaw had set in; fine sleety rain was falling, driven by a wind that pierced jurgis to the bone.
yes, answered madame defarge; i have a good deal to do.
he said he would turn us out of the house.
the very first words i heard them interchange as i became conscious, were the words of my own thought, two one pound notes.
let us make one more round of the garden, and then go in.
i am only trying to show you, my dear, that you must--you really must (i was resolved not to give this up)--accustom yourself to look after mary anne.
i am charmed, copperfield, said mr. micawber, let me assure you, with miss wickfield.
you are not unknown here, you are not unappreciated.
he also informed me that our principal associate would be another boy whom he introduced by the--to me--extraordinary name of mealy potatoes.
the bargain was soon concluded, for james had in the meanwhile returned.
i cannot shut out a pale lingering shadow of belief that she will be spared.
before coming to this country, she had attended school and example of greatest besides this she had been teaching her progress is put father at night whatever she had first learned during the day.
a miracle is worked before us, and we scarce give heed; it has become familiar to our minds as any other of nature's marvels, which we rarely pause to reflect upon.
it took him quite a while to get over his alarm at the incredible shortness of the little creature's legs.
the vengeance stooped, and the jar of a drum was heard as she moved it at her feet behind the counter.
she can't work and it's all turning green, and the company doctor says she may--she may have to have it cut off.
you shall not put me in the wrong, young lady, said mr. stryver; i'll do that for you.
and nobody is more interested than he in what arbor day signifies or how trees should be chosen and reared.
i say prosperity rather than competence; for it is probable that no sum could have put order into his affairs, or sufficed for his irreclaimable habits of dissipation.
well, that 'ud be imposing, too, on tellson's.
this applies, in particular, to such matters as the distinction between dreams and waking life.
he was a boy when he first saw the endless plains of australia, and out of that experience grew his first speculations about the future of railway travel.
i must put something into my stomach, mustnt i?howsomever, im a getting low, and i know whats due.
she had moved from the wall of the garret, very near to the bench on which he sat.
so far as i can judge, it makes no difference to the consumer in the city whether the chicken is scalded or dry-picked.
surely the people who did this have discovered the secret of human progressiveness, and must have kept themselves steadily at the head of the movement of the world.
i was falling into meditation on my guardians greatness, when wemmick remarked: as to the absence of plate, thats only his natural depth, you know.
the shadow on the sundial marks off a half-hour while we dress and eat our breakfast in the dining hall, where there are five long tables with twenty clay plates and twenty clay cups on each table.
recalling her eyes from the distance, she looked at me again now, with her former air.
there is a difference between eating and drinking for strength and from mere gluttony.
charles darnay, mysteries arise out of close love, as well as out of wide division; in the former case, they are subtle and delicate, and difficult to penetrate.
and it was for the sale of such and such a house--the house and lot and everything?
it was altogether such an astonishing event to see her do it!
also the objective theory of contract has undermined the very citadel of the will theory.
i ravaged miss millss work-box for a smelling-bottle, and in my agony of mind applied an ivory needle-case instead, and dropped all the needles over dora.
he could not hear it often enough; he could not ask with enough variations.
i began to think he would get on, in spite of all the many orders of chief waiters in england.
i told her how much the people liked him at yarmouth, and what a delightful companion he had been.
as all the world loves a lover, almost all the world loves a love story.
the seventeenth- and eighteenth-century jurists were chiefly teachers and philosophers.
and so it comes to be thought that continuity of change is necessary and sufficient to constitute one thing.
that readers do not demand better writing in their newspapers and magazines does not mean that they are unappreciative of good work.
but in the sense of that living belief which regulates conduct, they believe these doctrines just up to the point to which it is usual to act upon them.
when a psychologist studies behaviour, it is only vital movements that concern him.
we were all to meet in the old boathouse that night.
the arrangement of advertisements, even in the magazine sections, does not affect the length of articles.
i believe it was settled you should meet me?
as soon as she came here, and saw the water, she stopped as if she had come to her destination; and presently went slowly along by the brink of the river, looking intently at it.
i believed that i was nearer to his heart than any other friend, and my own heart warmed with attachment to him.
said my aunt, taking the cotton out of the ear nearest to him.
in the eighteenth century it was given scientific form in the theory of separation of powers.
one was taken from me, with a warning, yesterday.
yet i sustained myself by the prospect of such reading in future.
this would give her the opportunity, between the magistrate's questions, of sweeping the courtroom with a full, hungry look for as much as half a minute at a time.
you knew me when, in spite of my follies, i was umble among them that was proud, and meek among them that was violent--you was violent to me yourself, mr. copperfield.
radiation is a very simple process, though its results may become beyond measure complicated.
had i given joe no reason to doubt my constancy, and to think that in prosperity i should grow cold to him and cast him off?
mrs. gummidge, leaning on her basket, made no observation.
he occupied rooms in the bank, in his fidelity to the house of which he had grown to be a part, like strong root-ivy.
now, let me see, said traddles, looking among the papers on the table.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
among these last, was one, with a spare piece of knitting under her arm as she worked.
but different persons also require different conditions for their spiritual development; and can no more exist healthily in the same moral, than all the variety of plants can in the same physical, atmosphere and climate.
just as the purpose of these articles would vary, so the material and the point of view would differ.
the deciding factor, however, in fixing the length of an article is the policy of the periodical for which it is designed.
in this place, when i was a boy, i pushed through a fringe of beeches that made a complete screen between me and the world, and i came to a glade called no man's land.
she answered with such a start, that it quite awoke me.
we found my aunt alone, in a state of some excitement.
i saw her haggard, listening face distinctly.
under cover of the darkness he followed out of the room, followed down the stairs, followed down the court, followed out into the streets.
for example: you brought a divorce case, or a restitution case, into the consistory.
in truth, the wind, though it was low, had a solemn sound, and crept around the deserted house with a whispered wailing that was very mournful.
when he did not attack mischievously like a gamin, he attacked vindictively like an italian laborer whose sweetheart has been false to him.
* * come ye who love, and ye who hate, children of the holy dove, and guy faux of the state, and hang conspiracies from the tough rafters of the trees!
there was a magnanimity in her quiet way of doing so, and of dismissing it, which would have exalted her in my respect and affection, if anything could.
there is no reason to have guards, for men have never defied the councils so far as to escape from whatever place they were ordered to be.
he had been days upon his journey in france alone, when he went to bed tired out, in a little town on the high road, still a long way from paris.
i had no other object than to turn a slight thing, which, to my surprise, seems to trouble you too much, aside.
the doctor gave out that he was not quite well; and remained alone, for a considerable part of every day, during the remainder of the visit.
presently, the chateau began to make itself strangely visible by some light of its own, as though it were growing luminous.
but when i think of my husband, and the mercies of these people-- we will set him above their mercies very soon.
we have thus, in addition to our four previous ways in which words can mean, two new ways, namely the way of memory and the way of imagination.
for a second jurgis waited, expecting to see him turn again.
some of the greatest students this country has produced have come from small villages and country places.
it is so, jacques, monsieur defarge returned.
and we are enabled to apprehend at all what is sublime and noble only by the perpetual instilling and drenching of the reality that surrounds us.
for a woman who eagerly desires woman suffrage.
jurgis did not mind that, only he was frightened.
i am sure you have no occasion to be so, maam, i said, unless you like.
you are to give us an estimate of the great adventure of this person through life, and leave to us to make the moral, if any is to be made.
* this is the basis both of habit and of association.
i could only be happy--by forgetting of her--and im afeerd i couldnt hardly bear as she should be told i done that.
a large proportion of the two million quarts travels thirty-six hours before it lands on the front doorstep of the consumer.
he was taciturn, soft-footed, very quiet in his manner, deferential, observant, always at hand when wanted, and never near when not wanted; but his great claim to consideration was his respectability.
the business of breeding horses and cattle, and the care of live stock and poultry on the farm, must not be overlooked in the search for subjects.
so long as a servant was present, no other words passed between them.
when, at rare intervals, some thought visits one, as perchance he is walking on a railroad, then, indeed, the cars go by without his hearing them.
mr. copperfield, said miss mills, you are dull.
i understood why the best in me had been my sins and my transgressions; and why i had never felt guilt in my sins.
the desire for this kind of free will seems to be no better than a form of vanity.
the childish and savage taste of men and women for new patterns keeps how many shaking and squinting through kaleidoscopes that they may discover the particular figure which this generation requires today.
when she first came to packingtown, marija would have scorned such work as this.
the man inquired; and whether it was a good angel that put it into jurgis's mind, or an intuition of his sharpened wits, he was moved to answer, no, sir.
it is not good to feel too much joy nor to be glad that our body lives.
and she says, half bold and half shy, and half a laughing and half a crying, yes, uncle!
it was as if the wind and rain had lulled at last, after a long and fearful storm.
there is a similar hierarchy in the region of universals.
said mr. micawber, clearing his throat, and warming with the punch and with the fire.
i can find you a newfoundland dog that will do as much.
improvements in the means of communication promote it, by bringing the inhabitants of distant places into personal contact, and keeping up a rapid flow of changes of residence between one place and another.
his work was my work now--his ambitions, my ambitions; not just emotionally or inspirationally, but intellectually, collaboratively.
suddenly there passed us--evidently following them--a young woman whose approach we had not observed, but whose face i saw as she went by, and thought i had a faint remembrance of.
how much i suffered, it is, as i have said already, utterly beyond my power to tell.
she took him up in her arms--oh my goodness!--and caressed him, but he persisted upon barking still.
he was a terrible child to manage, was antanas, but his father did not mind that--he would watch him and smile to himself with satisfaction.
it is a most miserable thing to feel ashamed of home.
its no fun, said steerforth, unless we take them by surprise.
for a baby, we get up in the night to heat bottles, and there are certain elderly clergymen whose womenkind always arise at four in the morning to make coffee for them.
then i spoke to annie, and i told her what had happened.
mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves, than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest.
the changes in appearances of an object which are due to changes in the intervening medium will not affect, or will affect only very slightly, the appearances from places close to the object.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
he does not know the reading of the riddle, but he knows that all ends in failure and disillusion.
this government inspector did not have the manner of a man who was worked to death; he was apparently not haunted by a fear that the hog might get by him before he had finished his testing.
mr. havisham was very rich and very proud.
he would know for certain very soon, for she would get out two blocks ahead.
but, however that may be, i should not regard hegel's reasoning, even if it were valid, as properly belonging to logic: it would rather be an application of logic to the actual world.
we pulled the heavy curtains from the windows and we saw that the rooms were small, and we thought that not more than twelve men could have lived here.
the bench was nothing to me but an insensible blunderer.
returning to our second postulate of due care in affirmative courses of conduct, we may note that in the society of today it is no less fundamental than the postulate of no intentional aggression.
i have found it to be the most serious objection to coarse labors long continued, that they compelled me to eat and drink coarsely also.
he proposed me afterwards; and he, and mrs. micawber, and i, took a review of our past acquaintance, in the course of which we sold the property all over again.
pray give your mind to it, and advise me well for his sake--and above all, for his daughter's--his daughter's, my dear manette.
i hastily advanced a step under that impression, when i met uriahs eye, and saw what was the matter.
but here, as in the case of particulars, knowledge concerning what is known by description is ultimately reducible to knowledge concerning what is known by acquaintance.
for some time mrs. crupp could only lay her hand upon her nankeen bosom, and fortify herself against returning pain with sips of her medicine.
then show how the purpose might be affected by the different sets of readers as they are indicated in the subheadings.
the conductor took his nickel gingerly, with the tips of his fingers, and then left him with the platform to himself.
it is understandable that the man of experience may not write at all, and, on the other hand, that the man of secluded life may have the imagination to make a military epic.
married a young lady of that part, with a very good little property, poor thing.---and this action of the brain now, sir?
it was a bountiful meal--there were baked beans and mashed potatoes and asparagus chopped and stewed, and a dish of strawberries, and great, thick slices of bread, and a pitcher of milk.
if she hadnt stood my friend, sir, i should have been shut up, to lead a dismal life these many years.
i do not remember the occurrence, but have the same feeling towards it as towards the announcement of an eclipse next year.
darkness sydney carton paused in the street, not quite decided where to go.
this is very vague in my mind, but it sounds probable.
instead of looking for an impartial source, we can secure neutrality by the equal representation of all parties.
as he went out at the prisoners' door, she turned, laid her head lovingly on her father's breast, tried to speak to him, and fell at his feet.
many jurisdictions have abolished private seals and have made no provision for formal gratuitous or abstract promises.
but the man continuing to exclaim, down, evremonde!
many of them already hold the view he is advocating, and others are very sympathetic to it.
they had the address written on a piece of paper, which they showed to some one now and then.
the bigger it gets, the more stupid i get.
he could hardly grasp the thing--much less try to solve it; but a hundred wild surmises came to him, a sense of impending calamity overwhelmed him.
i brushed away the tears that my utmost resolution had not been able to keep back, and i made a clumsy laugh of it, and we sat down together, side by side.
i see her father, aged and bent, but otherwise restored, and faithful to all men in his healing office, and at peace.
vot sort of a place is dot for a woman to bear a child in--up in a garret, mit only a ladder to it?
nothing in gasoline equipment can compete with the horse and wagon under such conditions.
his soaked clothing began to steam, and the horrible stench of fertilizer to fill the room.
'lemme go, kittens,' says i--'come early an' often--i go where duty--hic--calls me.
fortunately it was not difficult to do, for steerforth could always pass from one subject to another with a carelessness and lightness that were his own.
jurgis did not even notice it--his thoughts were far away.
we have been, said mr. wopsle, exalted with his late performance,we have been indulging, mr. orlick, in an intellectual evening.
there came cruel, cold, and biting winds, and blizzards of snow, all testing relentlessly for failing muscles and impoverished blood.
it is not important that he should mature as soon as an apple-tree or an oak.
well, she came to america about a year ago.
the best cure for the errors of falsity from over-love or over-condemnation is still sane imaginative sympathy.
he who lets the world, or his own portion of it, choose his plan of life for him, has no need of any other faculty than the ape-like one of imitation.
the only response is, that i have acted for an emigrant, and where is that emigrant?
so, i walked a little further with biddy, looking silently at her downcast eyes.
it is actually the case that the number of square (finite) numbers is the same as the number of (finite) numbers.
there was a clear space of a few feet between the table and the opposite wall.
he was not always victorious, but then defeat did not mean annihilation, and need not break his spirit.
the mosquitoes went; the monks came back to kaiser island.
cooking was then, for the most part, no longer a poetic, but merely a chemic process.
still, the hundreds of people did not present themselves.
and when he and i were left alone together, he sat with an air upon him of general lying by in consequence of information he possessed, that really was too much for me.
i am afraid to think so; it seems too bold.
those who have most natural feeling, are always those whose cultivated feelings may be made the strongest.
agreements of themselves were not cognizable by the tribunals.
when i had mapped the pond by the scale of ten rods to an inch, and put down the soundings, more than a hundred in all, i observed this remarkable coincidence.
i drink at it; but while i drink i see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is.
they seemed to me to be rudimental, burrowing men, still standing on their defence, awaiting their transformation.
in a crowded world, whose resources had been exploited, a system of promoting the maximum of individual self-assertion had come to produce more friction than it relieved and to further rather than to eliminate waste.
sometimes the factory would start up on half time after a while, but there was no telling--it had been known to stay closed until way into the summer.
some of the hacked swords were tied to the wrists of those who carried them, with strips of linen and fragments of dress: ligatures various in kind, but all deep of the one colour.
heaven knows we don't, returned miss pross, but have no fear for me.
consideration of why one should be held to repair injury, and why he should be held to formal undertakings, belongs to a later stage.
mr. drummle, upon this, starting up, demanded what i meant by that?
it is perennially young, and i may stand and see a swallow dip apparently to pick an insect from its surface as of yore.
tell him i was hearty, and sent my respects.
i dont deny that your sister comes the mo-gul over us, now and again.
oh what a worthy man he is, mister copperfield, but how imprudent he has been!
the nest, having served its purpose, was abandoned to the sun and the rain.
the heat is supplied by various fuels--producer-gas is the most common, tho oil is sometimes used.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
the new system compares favorably in expense with the old.
the husband, whose name was thomas benjamin, had taken out his marriage licence as thomas only; suppressing the benjamin, in case he should not find himself as comfortable as he expected.
as far as it goes, its property and portable.
wild or tame, at large or in captivity, animals attract us either for their almost human intelligence or for their distinctively animal traits.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
if we suppose him to pay a rent instead, this is but a doubtful choice of evils.
then sores began to break out on his feet, and grow worse and worse.
he carried her lightly to the door, and laid her tenderly down in a coach.
it invades my right of equality, by deriving a profit from the creation of a misery, i am taxed to support.
--a lady of such youth, and such attractions, however real her respect for you, might have been influenced in marrying, by worldly considerations only.
steerforth laughed heartily, and i laughed too.
if you are honourable and faithful, i dont ask you to betray your friend.
i, too, grew fond of these frank, ingenuous youths.
and the sun rose to noon and we were still at our mowing; and we ate food, but only for a little while, and we took again to our mowing.
from poverty in the logical inventory, this view has often been held.
it is all a muddling through, somehow, without any recognizable goal in view, and there is no explanation of the scuffle tendered or anywhere procurable.
all places of public resort require the restraint of a police, and places of this kind peculiarly, because offences against society are especially apt to originate there.
it aint o no use saying welcome to you, but youre welcome, kind and hearty.
theres no one nigh, said he, looking over his shoulder; is there?
we have solved secrets of which the scholars have no knowledge.
once more, on the left, where are seen the well and lilac bushes by the wall, in the now open field, lived nutting and le grosse.
the same is true of the more modern reformers and benefactors of their race.
so mike belonged to the long, long glad-hand line.
i am very glad to hear it, said i. i knew you would be, said mr. omer.
he muttered, at his own image; why should you particularly like a man who resembles you?
in the middle ages primitive ideas came back for a time through germanic law.
to make clear what sort of reason there is, let us consider for a moment what our acquaintance with particular thoughts really involves.
thus a momentary thing is a set of particulars, while a thing (which may be identified with the whole history of the thing) is a series of such sets of particulars.
there we were, warmed with vodka and tea, at eleven o'clock at night, five stories above the clamorous world, while her friend shook the silly souls out of us.
who has not sometimes derived an inexpressible satisfaction from his food in which appetite had no share?
all attempts to cut down this margin have proved futile.
in such matters as self-preservation and love, intuition will act sometimes (though not always) with a swiftness and precision which are astonishing to the critical intellect.
or you can compose music to heighten the expression of human emotion; and such music will be intensely affecting in the presence of that emotion, and utter nonsense apart from it.
the zigzag clock in the wheelhouse goes on ringing the angles of time and course as though we were yet under helm and speed.
all the facts of personality, the hints and gleams and shadows, bewilder us at times with our friends, and we regret the lack of perspective that reveals the central life-problem.
yet there have been known to be philosophers and plain men who swore by malthus in the books, and would, nevertheless, subscribe to a relief fund in time of a famine.
no such thing came into my mind, or near it.
there appeared to be reason for supposing that the drowned informer had hoped for a reward out of this forfeiture, and had obtained some accurate knowledge of magwitchs affairs.
then i decided to make the society department a reflection of our daily life and sayings.
and now--oh, it could not be true; it was too monstrous, too horrible.
but julia keeps no diary in these days; never sings affections dirge; eternally quarrels with the old scotch croesus, who is a sort of yellow bear with a tanned hide.
the other profession is selling manuscripts, which constitutes the tender bond between us.
the scene was mr. cruncher's private lodging in hanging-sword-alley, whitefriars: the time, half-past seven of the clock on a windy march morning, anno domini seventeen hundred and eighty.
cried carton, striking his open hand on the table, as a light broke clearly on his mind.
it must be, like the book, a limited, personal, mellow, and companionable glow; the solitary taper beside the only worshiper in a sanctuary.
estella was the inspiration of it, and the heart of it, of course.
i met her in the street this afternoon, and she wished to know if she might have the honour of waiting on you after dinner, sir.
they had had to give up trying to get to the yards, and had nearly perished in a drift.
it is obvious that there are circumstances which in fact cause a certainty of this sort, and we wish to learn what we can from examining these circumstances.
and when the auditor had asserted his non-comprehension, he would proceed to elucidate by some new proposition, yet more appalling.
we left them full of joy; and drove away together.
the fellow was brought, cap in hand, and the other fellows closed round to look and listen, in the manner of the people at the paris fountain.
but mrs. micawber having, in the strength of her emotions, fainted away, the first thing to be done, even before the chorus could be considered complete, was to recover her.
immediate experience provides us with two time-relations among events: they may be simultaneous, or one may be earlier and the other later.
when john perkins takes up that inauspicious hat, the reader smiles, and quails.
then i tell you again, mr. darnay, i am sorry for it.
he bent over the golden head, and put the rosy lips to his, and folded her in his arms.
it used to seem self-evident that there could not be men at the antipodes, because they would fall off, or at best grow giddy from standing on their heads.
if she is, you will desire to have a pearl of such price found and taken care of.
almost all higher intellectual activity is a matter of words, to the nearly total exclusion of everything else.
jacques one struck in, and asked if he had ever seen the man before?
this meeting they advertised extensively, and the socialists advertised it too--with the result that about a thousand of them were on hand that evening.
we may say that a truth is self-evident, in the first and most absolute sense, when we have acquaintance with the fact which corresponds to the truth.
transition to the newer way of thinking may be seen in the spanish jurist-theologians of the sixteenth century.
i would dress at once and go to his room and surprise him; for, it was the first day i had been up early.
i would have all literature bald, and all authors (if you like) but one.
we are accustomed to hear this king described as a rude and boisterous tyrant; but with the gentleness of a lover he adorns the tresses of summer.
and even if they had known it, what good would it have done them, since there was no place within miles of them where any other sort was to be had?
mr. cruncher's temper was not at all improved when he came to his breakfast.
the fact that the man was a powerful politician, a man who raved the direst threats when arrested, made the porter's job the more difficult.
while the tranquil sabine farm is his delight, well he knows that on the dark trail ahead of him, even sabine farms are not sequacious.
could you tell her so for me, with my fervent acknowledgments?
can fickle nature be offset and crops be brought to maturity upon schedule time?
there is no reason that all human existences should be constructed on some one, or some small number of patterns.
she had the most delightful little voice, the gayest little laugh, the pleasantest and most fascinating little ways, that ever led a lost youth into hopeless slavery.
and biddy said, i ought to have thought of it, dear joe, but i was too happy.
my mother put her hands upon my lips to stop me.
does it mean a captive, or a place of captivity?
but i see that if i were to live in a wilderness i should again be tempted to become a fisher and hunter in earnest.
he knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and put it on a ledge in the back of his chair, expressly made for its reception.
herbert said from behind (at the same time poking me), capitally.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
my earnestness awoke a wonder in her that seemed as if it would have been touched with compassion, if she could have rendered me at all intelligible to her own mind.
studies are the least valuable of college activities except as they stimulate the imagination.
i can do noffing more--dere is no use to try.
do what he would, behind the little counter, as to the striking of a light and the lighting of his pipe, he was troubled, and his hand was not trustworthy.
i doubt whether two young birds could have known less about keeping house, than i and my pretty dora did.
what conclusion do you draw as to the usefulness of general remarks about character?
this is hypochlorite of lime, the substance used for sterilizing the city drinking water.
christians were cast to the lions, but the christian church grew up a stately and spreading tree, overtopping the older and less vigorous growths, and stifling them by its shade.
the latter he was intimate with, and affectionately embraced.
while estella was away lighting them down, miss havisham still walked with her hand on my shoulder, but more and more slowly.
it is a very simple matter if each one of you starts with the desire to get as much as possible.
i did not know whether they had come to sow a crop of winter rye, or some other kind of grain recently introduced from iceland.
who moved uneasily on his feet, rubbed his beard a little, and at length said: well!
he answered quite seriously, and used the word as if it denoted some profession.
here, too, the peace was threatened and politically organized society might give a remedy to the promisee, lest he invoke the help of his fellow citizens or his neighbors.
celery is not a thing to share with any man.
whatever might befall now, he must on to his journey's end.
i havent begun insuring yet, he replied.
but no, their bells were not ringing for him--their christmas was not meant for him, they were simply not counting him at all.
she was agitated, and told some money into his hand.
the foreman came in shortly afterward, and when he saw jurgis he frowned.
foulon who told my old father that he might eat grass, when i had no bread to give him!
you have been crying till you are half blind, and you are near crying again now.
processes the development of this kind of exposition will vary somewhat according to the nature of the subject.
the august of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two was come, and monseigneur was by this time scattered far and wide.
if you was writin to her, praps youd recollect to say that barkis was willin; would you?
i saw them quite hard at work, when i looked down through the open skylight.
but some general term is always necessary in order to describe a class.
miss dartle, i returned, pray do not think-- i dont!
blunderstone rookery would come, however, in spite of her, when the carriers horse pleased--and did.
what we wanted in the old drama was reality and force, no matter how wild and tragic it might be.
now, therefore, jurgis was not a little taken aback when the other demanded suddenly, see here, rudkus, why don't you stick by your job?
in the middle ages the primitive idea of law as designed only to keep the peace came back with germanic law.
i nodded at the old gentleman as wemmick himself might have nodded, and we went in and sat down by the fireside.
the engines are stopped--we are now beyond range of a second torpedo--and steam thunders in exhaust, making our efforts to control movements by voice impossible.
the same danger is at hand when we find and state the controlling motive of the hero's life, as when we say that he was primarily ambitious, or exhibited above everything else courage.
here comes the mare, said joe, ringing like a peal of bells!
after hailing the morn with this second salutation, he threw a boot at the woman as a third.
i said he was a hound, which, at the moment, was a great satisfaction to me.
when the throbbing i had seen before, came into it as i looked at her, she absolutely lifted up her hand, and struck it.
this view seems to me flatly to contradict experience.
now confess, master copperfield, that you havent liked me quite as i have liked you.
since this house strikes you old and grave, boy, said miss havisham, impatiently, and you are unwilling to play, are you willing to work?
and beauty that was created by these people and people like these.... you have seen the tall towers of manhattan, wonderful under the stars.
i begged wemmick, in conclusion, to understand that my help must always be rendered without herberts knowledge or suspicion, and that there was no one else in the world with whom i could advise.
suitability for realizing one's purpose.
snow falls, and is white; the falling is a process, the whiteness is not.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
there was an old door in this playground, on which the boys had a custom of carving their names.
she is godmother to a real living betsey trotwood; and dora (the next in order) says she spoils her.
i do not myself believe that anything approaching certainty is to be attained by either of these methods, and therefore whatever lies outside my personal biography must be regarded, theoretically, as hypothesis.
many are concerned about the monuments of the west and the east,to know who built them.
later property earned in the service of the state was added.
at ten i was on horseback (i hired a gallant grey, for the occasion), with the bouquet in my hat, to keep it fresh, trotting down to norwood.
no, i have not been able to dispose of mr. jack maldon yet.
everybody started and looked up, as if it were the murderer.
certain wintry branches of candles on the high chimney-piece faintly lighted the chamber; or it would be more expressive to say, faintly troubled its darkness.
then i went back to the yards--just before the strike.
the baby was the soul of honor, and protested with all its might.
it seems simple enough for them to choose the ablest man; but there may easily be no ablest man.
and when we came back from our wedding journey the other professors' wives overwhelmed me with kindness and with calls--and with teas and dinners and receptions in our honor.
i aspire to be acquainted with wiser men than this our concord soil has produced, whose names are hardly known here.
we have built an oven of the bricks we gathered in the streets.
the atomic facts which we come to know in this way are the facts of sense-perception; at any rate, the facts of sense-perception are those which we most obviously and certainly come to know in this way.
i said that theer was ony one thing furder, he proceeded with a grave smile, when he had made up his little bundle again, and put it in his pocket; but theer was two.
did he sip every flower, and change every hour, until polly his passion requited?--is her name polly?
we may have knowledge of a thing by acquaintance even if we know very few propositions about it--theoretically we need not know any propositions about it.
you might even find him in new york some off-day--and you will know him, for surely he will be telling some rebellious apartment-house owner that the tank on his roof is unscreened.
then we may judge that the colours of the buttercups are more similar to each other than to the colour of the rose.
thus man creates god, all-powerful and all-good, the mystic unity of what is and what should be.
he dropped into a corner and searched his own pockets.
i know, for i bartered forty precious years of wifehood and motherhood to learn it.
but the boy was too frightened to speak.
and exactly analogous observations apply to words heard or written or read.
why she should consider it necessary to make any show, i dont undertake to tell you.
if he is not a beggar himself, his near relations one, said steerforth.
the association of words with their meanings must have grown up by some natural process, though at present the nature of the process is unknown.
the problem appears to have first arisen in some such way as the following.
does he gloomily profess to be (i am ashamed to use the word in such association) religious still?
who would have suspected so large and cold and thick-skinned a thing to be so sensitive?
i would not have been the cause of that look of hers for all my expectations in a heap.
they made me laugh again by laughing at each other, and then we all three laughed until i was in danger of crying again.
it was a thing that could not be faced; a new shuddering seized him every time he tried to think of it.
littimer was there, and had his usual effect upon me.
sometimes a whole poem or song prefaces an article.
i have something quite in your way, said mr. thomson.
over where the cattle butchers were waiting, jurgis heard shouts and saw a crowd, and he hurried there.
one long arm of it is blind, and the filth stays there forever and a day.
they live in palaces, they riot in luxury and extravagance--such as no words can describe, as makes the imagination reel and stagger, makes the soul grow sick and faint.
there are no more at present, returned mrs. micawber.
for this he had drawn a note-of-hand with great neatness, which he handed over to traddles on the spot, a discharge of his debt in full (as between man and man), with many acknowledgements.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
and the gluttonous maggot when become a fly, content themselves with a drop or two of honey or some other sweet liquid.
but this brings us to our other question, namely, how is our principle known to be true?
and it's really very hard, said miss pross.
if these are not the cardinal prose virtues, what are?
marija was clutching jurgis with all the power of her one well arm.
there was a rustle, as if the unhappy girl, on whom she heaped these taunts, ran towards the door, and the speaker swiftly interposed herself before it.
but her affectionate nature was so happy in what i now said to her with my whole heart, that her face became a laughing one before her glittering eyes were dry.
mr. lorry got his arm securely round the daughter's waist, and held her; for he felt that she was sinking.
if this view is correct, no new general content needs to be added to the generalized image.
asked miss havisham, with her greedy look, and striking her stick upon a chair that stood between them, as a sign to me to sit down there.
whichever way we turned, it seemed that the heavens and the earth had met together, since he enhanced the beauty of the landscape.
the deepest tissues were cut, the tendons were stretched, the incision was sewed up, all apparently without the patient's knowledge.
now he was going to be free, to tear off his shackles, to rise up and fight.
the sound of them here was as of all the barnyards of the universe; and as for counting them--it would have taken all day simply to count the pens.
then hes not--but of course he cant be, if hes really conscientious.
and roundtree, as porter of the pullman smoker on the merchants' limited, has learned to anticipate.
tis like to be long, said mr. peggotty, in a low voice, afore the boat finds new tenants.
they would have to granulate the wood as she had done.
in a hole in the chimney, where a stone has been worked out and replaced, i find a written paper.
before another month was by, all the working members of his family had union cards, and wore their union buttons conspicuously and with pride.
not to death, said the uncle; it is not necessary to say, to death.
if regarded as a sensation, my image has all the marks of the supernatural.
at that they are truly better halves, but to help him earn is not nice.
it was like breakers upon a beach; there was new water, but the wave looked just the same.
my sister frieda was perfectly good, but she did not think the less of me because i played tricks.
it is for this fault that the newspapers are most blameable: they consider their readers and their own points of view, but all too often they treat the facts cavalierly.
my mother and peggotty had come to look for me, and it was one of them who had done it.
i had let it go by, and had deservedly lost her.
the restaurant management had searched for it, the restaurant help had been questioned closely, the automobile used that night had been gone over carefully, and the woman's home had been ransacked.
the philosophy, therefore, which is to be genuinely inspired by the scientific spirit, must deal with somewhat dry and abstract matters, and must not hope to find an answer to the practical problems of life.
it was on the whole characteristic of victorian free-thinkers to attack christianity with reverence and discrimination in an attempt to preserve its substance while removing obstacles to the acceptance of its substance.
she fight hard, dot girl--she is not yet quite dead.
i wail to a familiar tune, of course, in this lament for the evanescence of human grandeur and the perishable renown of kings.
as i sat thinking, i happened to meet my aunts eyes, which were resting on my face.
i am far from supposing that my case is a peculiar one; no doubt many of my readers would make a similar defence.
we thought suddenly that we could lie thus as long as we wished, and we laughed aloud at the thought.
as was natural, the head-quarters and great gathering-place of monseigneur, in london, was tellson's bank.
i never shall forget the waking, next morning; the being cheerful and fresh for the first moment, and then the being weighed down by the stale and dismal oppression of remembrance.
but you think such thoughts as these and you wish us to think them.
a cause, it was held, must be such that under no conceivable circumstances could it fail to be followed by its effect.
in the same decade he cheerfully applied for the slade professorship of art at cambridge; and he took credit for the rediscovery of a lost school of sculpture.
this is a day to be remembered, my uriah, i am sure, said mrs. heep, making the tea, when master copperfield pays us a visit.
all poets and heroes, like memnon, are the children of aurora, and emit their music at sunrise.
again, not a very difficult condition with which to encumber such a rise in fortune; but if you have any objection to it, this is the time to mention it.
he would have nothing stronger than ale; and while it was being brought, and being warmed at the fire, he sat thinking.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
and the same applies to less vivid experiences, so long as they are recent.
because written words have their accent, too.
i might have known as much at first, knowing you.
see what a place you fill at seventy-eight.
look about you now, and make up for your negligence, said steerforth.
from this it follows, of course, that there must be an infinite number of points in a line.
enter ye that have leisure and a quiet mind, who earnestly seek the right road.
i thought mrs. and miss creakle (at whom i now glanced for the first time, and who were, both, thin and quiet) were not disappointed.
manette, for your life, don't touch the blind!
at last she came here, apprenticed for three years.
are you bringing numbers five and eight, you vagabond, said mr. trabb to the boy after that, or shall i kick you out of the shop and bring them myself?
what is usually done by persons of my station and pecuniary circumstances?
the proposal was received joyously at first.
on examination it was pronounced that she had received serious hurts, but that they of themselves were far from hopeless; the danger lay mainly in the nervous shock.
the staining was not difficult work but the nails made it splashy and we were pretty well spotted when we finished.
the rule, and the theory it implies, are hardly less insulting to believers than to infidels.
it happened that the other five children were left behind at the dinner-table, through flopsons having some private engagement, and their not being anybody elses business.
in my honeymoon, too, when my most inveterate enemy might relent, one would think, and not envy me a little peace of mind and happiness.
then every number in the top row has a number directly under it in the bottom row, and no number occurs twice in either row.
happy those sacred ramparts, thrice happy the dwellers on that all-seeing eminence.
some part of the writer or his life will crop out in even a vapid book; and to read a novel that was conceived with any force is to multiply experience and to exercise the sympathies.
fool you, though, ole chappie--they're all little ones!
as photographs and drawings are not ordinarily returned when they are used with an article that is accepted, writers should not promise to return such material to the persons from whom they secure it.
for a minute or so jurgis stood clinging to his chair, reeling and swaying; then the keeper touched him on the arm, and he turned and went back to breaking stone.
the citizen evremonde, called darnay, said the first.
moreover a certain judicial individualization goes on.
if ever i can do anything to serve the poor betrayed girl, i will do it faithfully, please heaven!
for years this had been a summer resort for the monks, who filled the dormitories in the old days before the mosquitoes took the island.
my sister, you see, shes that fond of you and yourn, and that accustomed to think ony of her own country, that it wouldnt be hardly fair to let her go.
i thought it affecting to see such a sturdy fellow as ham was now, trembling in the strength of what he felt for the pretty little creature who had won his heart.
then he explained how he had spent the last summer, hoboing it, as the phrase was.
he cut off the ears of the monster almost in a trance.
he went into one of the saloons he had been wont to frequent and bought a drink, and then stood by the fire shivering and waiting to be ordered out.
you see the millstone that he is about my neck.
and you mean to say the little thing is very fascinating, i suppose?
thinking that he did this to give me an opportunity of taking his walworth sentiments, i seized the opportunity as soon as we were out of the castle.
with the last word of the joke the dragon drew back his head and struck.
and warnt it me as had been tried afore, and as had been knowd up hill and down dale in bridewells and lock-ups!
by and by she tells me what i tell you, masr davy, and asks me to bring her.
i will name no names, joseph, but so they are pleased to call him up town, and i have seen that man.
the causes of the occurrence of words require somewhat different treatment according as the object designated by the word is sensibly present or absent.
we all began to suspect that mr. wopsle was not the man we had thought him, and that he was beginning to be found out.
i was startled, and asked, 'is it a pressing case?'
bust em, and youll bust five-and-thirty shillings.
i have sent him a letter that ill trouble him to attend to, or he and i will fall out, i can tell him!
again my mind, with its former inconceivable rapidity, had exhausted the whole subject of the attack upon my sister, her illness, and her death, before his slow and hesitating speech had formed these words.
said my aunt, folding her arms with her bonnet still tied on one of them.
but his languor altogether was quite a wonderful sight; except when he addressed himself to his cousin annie.
if you can ever give me help, rely upon it i will ask you for it.
that man who does not believe that each day contains an earlier, more sacred, and auroral hour than he has yet profaned, has despaired of life, and is pursuing a descending and darkening way.
now, my own dora, said i, you are very childish, and are talking nonsense.
i observed all day that mr. murdstone was graver and steadier than the two gentlemen.
you closed my heart against the whole world, years and years.
it dont signify to you with your brilliant lookout, but as to myself, my guiding-star always is, get hold of portable property.
often an inquisitive eye may detect the shores of a primitive lake in the low horizon hills, and no subsequent elevation of the plain has been necessary to conceal their history.
these are modern theories of natural law on an economic instead of an ethical basis.
my pretty little doras face would fall, and she would make her mouth into a bud again, as if she would very much prefer to shut mine with a kiss.
this room has no windows and it is empty save for an iron post.
for some time, i am doubtful of miss shepherds feelings, but, at length, fate being propitious, we meet at the dancing-school.
very low, said mr. micawber, shaking his head; reaction.
and when the certain big man reached the golden gate he told henry forrest that he had understood and appreciated the countless attentions.
if interesting remarks which do not bear directly upon the main subject attract with sufficient intensity to make record worth while, set them down in brackets, to indicate their nature.
many added that he looked sublime and prophetic.
the doctor turned his eyes upon that man.
he stood, long after i had ceased to read, still looking at me.
what we know is that memory, and mnemic phenomena generally, can be disturbed or destroyed by changes in the brain.
confucius said, to know that we know what we know, and that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
where the parties have come to an agreement, where their wills have been at one, the law is to give effect to this joint will as a sort of vindication of personality.
what was now wanted was, that the rulers should be identified with the people; that their interest and will should be the interest and will of the nation.
what is the basis on which it is made?
people turned and stared at him, but he saw no one--there was the factory, and he bounded through the doorway and down the corridor.
nearly every one else in packingtown did the same, however, for there was universal exultation over this triumph of popular government, this crushing defeat of an arrogant plutocrat by the power of the common people.
i see her face now, better than i did then, i dare say, with its indelible look of regret and wonder turned upon me.
to begin a special feature article in the narrative form is to give it a story-like character that at once arouses interest.
i could not do what i have promised, for money, she replied.
my dread always was, that this knowledge on her part laid me under a heavy disadvantage with her pride, and made me the subject of a rebellious struggle in her bosom.
it was after breakfast, and we had been summoned in from the playground, when mr. sharp entered and said: david copperfield is to go into the parlour.
mrs. schurz's heavy face wore the anxious despondence so common to the mothers of the poor.
we found mr. micawber at his desk, in the turret office on the ground floor, either writing, or pretending to write, hard.
they are not callow like the young of most birds, but more perfectly developed and precocious even than chickens.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
he considered that it might be done in one thousand six hundred and forty-nine years, counting from the doctors last, or sixty-second, birthday.
would you know how to buy it, my darling?
i say again, said my aunt, nobody knows what that mans mind is except myself; and hes the most amenable and friendly creature in existence.
on the one hand there is the sense-datum which represents the sun to me, on the other hand there is that which sees this sense-datum.
theres some of the birds flown from the cages.
but in fact some infinite series have ends, some have not; while some collections are infinite without being serial, and can therefore not properly be regarded as either endless or having ends.
i still held on to the leg of the table, but clutched it now with the fervor of gratitude.
if we had been less attached to one another, i think we must have hated one another regularly every morning.
before embarking upon the detailed analysis of belief, we shall do well to note certain requisites which any theory must fulfil.
* * * * the length of your individual life is a guess, but the insurance company bets on a sure thing, on the average death rate.
they drew him to my very feet--insensible--dead.
association of ideas is the principle underlying figurative expressions.
for a behaviourist, this must certainly count as knowledge, however it may be viewed by analytic psychology.
further, that i require you to bring obedience here.
then, too, his health came back to him, all his lost youthful vigor, his joy and power that he had mourned and forgotten!
for a man who gets up at say four-thirty is regarded with aversion ashore.
if, for a moment, he did feel resigned, then his wife and child who had to live after him, seemed to protest and to make it a selfish thing.
copperfield, said traddles, turning to me, you feel, i am sure, that nothing could be more reasonable or considerate.
i looked up into his face, and answered, with an attempt to be very profound: oh!
by the middle of my second year in school i had reached the sixth grade.
on the basis of the epitaph write a life of michael henchard.
the sunrays danced upon colors, colors, more colors than we thought possible, we who had seen no houses save the white ones, the brown ones and the grey.
the men grasp the women very tightly, but there will be half an hour together when neither will see the other's face.
this common nature, in virtue of which they are all just, will be justice itself, the pure essence the admixture of which with facts of ordinary life produces the multiplicity of just acts.
our mind, our logical faculties, our observation, inform us that the conservatives have the right side of the argument in all human affairs.
i believe that the state will soon be able to take all my work of this sort out of my hands, and then i shall be no better patriot than my fellow-countrymen.
there was a third, george demple, who i fancied would sing it.
truly, a decree for selling the property of emigrants.
the farm bureau helps the men make these business analyses--it does not do the work for them.
from afar i heard the sluck of the waters against the staples of the wharves, and the wicked hoot of the tugs.
i dont mean in the village only, but up town?
in fact, i quietly declare war with the state, after my fashion, though i will still make use and get what advantages of her i can, as is usual in such cases.
all day long the gates of the packing houses were besieged by starving and penniless men; they came, literally, by the thousands every single morning, fighting with each other for a chance for life.
and i assure you, sir, the ladies are great observers.
you may tell by looking at any twig of the forest, ay, at your very wood-pile, whether its winter is past or not.
i explained with tolerable firmness, that i really did not know where my means of subsistence were to come from, unless i could earn them for myself.
he weighed, at a conservative estimate, two hundred and fifty pounds, and when he blew something had to happen.
following this method mr. cross defines socialism by showing that it is not anarchy, is not single tax, is not communism, and is not other systems with which it is often confused.
ten miles from the business district of the city, overlooking a horizon miles away over valley and hill, stands the finest tuberculosis hospital in the united states.
in her death she winged her way back to her calm untroubled youth, and cancelled all the rest.
the stiff, kind, circular eyes of my simple boxwood knight stare casually about him as he goes.
and he gave me a look as he shouldered the largest box and went out, which i thought had meaning in it, if meaning could ever be said to find its way into mr. barkiss visage.
it aint that i am proud, but that i want to be right, as you shall never see me no more in these clothes.
the belief in the uniformity of nature is the belief that everything that has happened or will happen is an instance of some general law to which there are no exceptions.
the excited voice went clamouring along the staircase; and i wrapped myself in my clothes as quickly as i could, and ran into the street.
then, clasping jurgis tightly by the neck, he staggered out of the room; on the way another idea occurred to him, and he asked: any--hic--cable message for me, hamilton?
this frame, so slightly clad, was a sort of crystallization around me, and reacted on the builder.
not long since i was present at the auction of a deacons effects, for his life had not been ineffectual: the evil that men do lives after them.
an unwritten code was being transmitted between the black brethren of the sleeping cars as to his whims and peculiarities.
they take too much time, and a mans life will be gone.
thus far they were at one; but no farther.
it is a comforting belief that one satisfied customer will get you another, and that that customer will get you another, and so on, but it has not so worked out in my experience.
to make a success of life, no matter by what criterion we may measure that success, is our one all-powerful motive.
the pale young gentlemans nose had stained my trousers, and i tried to wash out that evidence of my guilt in the dead of night.
i mean the real prosaic fact, you know-- just so, said mrs. micawber, my dear mr. traddles, i wish to be as prosaic and literal as possible on a subject of so much importance.
liability without fault was quasi-delictal.
before every line, and innumerable goroos interspersed.
she withdrew herself a step behind the chair, to keep her own face out of mrs. steerforths observation; and scrutinized me with a piercing gaze that never faltered, never shrunk.
harvey knew his contemporaries well, and for twelve successive years demonstrated the circulation of the blood before daring to publish the facts on which the truth was based.
so far as i know--and i believe his honest heart was transparent to me--he never wavered again, in his solemn certainty of finding her.
my right hand was in my mothers left, so i gave him the other.
some animals, for example, always run away from light and hide themselves in dark places.
the spider, as mr. jaggers had called him, was used to lying in wait, however, and had the patience of his tribe.
that is what he meant when he said your life was not your own.
i proposed to her to walk out with me; but mrs. heep repeatedly complaining that she was worse, agnes charitably remained within, to bear her company.
when an article appears to have merit, the first reader looks over it a second time and adds a brief comment, which he signs with his initials.
but already there were people waiting, and already the telegraph instrument on the stage had begun clicking off the returns.
when they failed--if it were only by a single month--they would lose the house and all that they had paid on it, and then the company would sell it over again.
miss havishams family i took upon myself; intending to communicate with mr. matthew pocket only, and leave him to do as he liked about informing the rest.
it is plain that no desirable kind of free will can be dependent simply upon our ignorance; for if that were the case, animals would be more free than men, and savages than civilised people.
why do i do myself the injustice of calling myself a girl?
he sweeps up into the air wildly, with nothing to resist his stroke.
a pleasures a pleasure all the world over.
it slides very quietly and slowly down for a mile or two, sullenly exhausted.
the fruit was ripening on the trees, and the phones in the bureau offices were ringing their plating off with calls from frantic farmers.
we went back to the little lodging over the chandlers shop, and there i found an opportunity of repeating to peggotty what he had said to me.
jurgis was confident of his ability to get work for himself, unassisted by any one.
now, wemmick, said the latter then, resuming his usual manner, what item was it you were at when mr. pip came in?
pease porridge hot, pease porridge cold, pease porridge in the pot, nine years old.
mr. dick considered, hesitated, brightened, and rejoined, have him measured for a suit of clothes directly.
when the present set were took for you by your dear aunt, mr. copperfull, said mrs. crupp, my remark were, i had now found summun i could care for.
i grant you i see the arm, says the man, but i dont see the good.
but for my part, i preferred the solitary dwelling.
over there, on the other curve of the bend, the longest pole will not touch bottom.
and wishing, pursued joe, with another fixed look at me, like another effort of remembrance, that the state of miss havishams elth were sitch as would haveallowed, were it, pip?
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
i do not believe that this desire can be gratified with any certainty; but the other, more respectable desires are, i believe, not inconsistent with any tenable form of determinism.
his scientific knowledge, and his vigilance and skill in conducting ingenious experiments, brought him otherwise into moderate request, and he earned as much as he wanted.
he might go to some hotel or railroad depot and ask to have it changed; but what would they think, seeing a bum like him with a hundred dollars?
an illustration may help to make the method clear.
to answer it in person, however inconvenient the journey, pursued mr. murdstone, rather than by letter.
our body is healthy and strength returns to it speedily.
a most remarkable circumstance is, that i really dont think he grasped this sum even so much for the gratification of his avarice, which was inordinate, as in the hatred he felt for copperfield.
brooke's notes on america are well worth reading: they are full of delightful and lively comments, though sometimes much (oh, very much!)
we may generalize this instance so as to cover the causes of many memories.
they whispered, and their voice trembled, so that their words lost all shape: the will of the council is above all things, for it is the will of our brothers, which is holy.
suppose now that in a people, of whom the majority were mussulmans, that majority should insist upon not permitting pork to be eaten within the limits of the country.
contemporary philosophies of europe and america.
he actually seemed to serve as a zest to mr. jaggerss wine.
he broke the awkward silence by saying: this is something new to me, mr. lorry.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
the honoured parent steering northward, had not gone far, when he was joined by another disciple of izaak walton, and the two trudged on together.
what little is left from that employment, is expended on some hobby; which may be a useful, even a philanthropic hobby, but is always some one thing, and generally a thing of small dimensions.
let us consider the more general question first.
he said, looking very low-spirited, i am sorry for that.
jurgis took it without a word, and went out of the door and down the street.
no microscopic examination will be made of hogs slaughtered for interstate trade, but this examination shall be confined to those intended for the export trade.)
it was the last self-exhausting effort of my fretfulness, for after that i slept soundly.
you may call up an image of it, and in your image the window may be to the left of the door.
to discuss at once the possibility of being stung would have been unwise, because unpleasant, and the controlling purpose of the essay is to attract.
ask yourself wherein it is itself, wherein it differs from other like things, what it is without which this particular subject would not be itself.
this guileless confectioner was not by any means sober, and had a black eye in the green stage of recovery, which was painted over.
his hands are clasped tight before him, the knuckles standing out sharply.
a little agitation had been carried on ahead of this meeting, but only a little.
but sometimes, again, the appeal would be desperately serious.
they come here on the day, but they dare not refer to it.
this shows, by the way, how young and ignorant i was.
i come now to the other characteristic which memory-images must have in order to account for our knowledge of the past.
the shore that was like iron under your heel as you came down to the ice is vague, when you look back at it from the center of the pond, as the memory of a dream.
the furniture of the room was old-fashioned and dusty; and the green baize on the top of the writing-table had lost all its colour, and was as withered and pale as an old pauper.
and perhaps at evening i see the hunters returning with a single brush trailing from their sleigh for a trophy, seeking their inn.
i ought to have, said herbert, for i have not much else.
this mode of stating the nature of the objective reference of a proposition is necessitated by the circumstance that there are true and false propositions, but not true and false facts.
its a terrible thing, joe; it aint true.
you see, sophy being of so much use in the family, none of them could endure the thought of her ever being married.
and you cannot draw a reader to you unless you have a keen reaction to the facts of life.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
very well, then, said i, to whom this was a new and not unwelcome light, i have never left off adoring her.
i want to say nothing for myself, she said, after a few moments.
a pall of smoke hangs over the center of the city where the factories roar and pound.
they are gone, and i resume the journey of my story.
but when we did finish we felt compensated.
though he hesitated, and perhaps failed to express himself distinctly, he always had a presentable thought behind.
in making some alterations, the workmen came upon an old dungeon, which had been, for many years, built up and forgotten.
i felt quite wicked in my dirt and dust, with my tangled hair.
the man-- he tightened his grip, in his frenzy, and only when he saw her eyes closing did he realize that he was choking her.
it brought me here, it brought me to my grave.
you are a pretty fellow to object and advise!
theres jaggers, and theres wemmick, and theres you.
he stood, half turned from the prisoner, lounging with his elbow against the bar.
but the life i lead, miss manette, is not conducive to health.
the mental and moral, like the muscular powers, are improved only by being used.
when we call up an image of a friend's face, we are not likely to reproduce the expression he had on some one particular occasion, but rather a compromise expression derived from many occasions.
but you cant help groaning, my dear handel.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
ive asked her about that (but not saying why), and have added of it up.
if the injustice is part of the necessary friction of the machine of government, let it go, let it go: perchance it will wear smooth,certainly the machine will wear out.
we was living then in a solitary place, but among the beautifullest trees, and with the roses a-covering our beein to the roof.
but as nothing of the sort happened to be walking about on yarmouth flats that night, i provided the best substitute i could by dreaming of dragons until morning.
to explain how reforms have been accomplished, or are being brought about, is construed by the best of the present-day journals to be their special mission.
looking from one to another she saw that something had happened, and she asked, in a lower voice: what's the matter?
they continued to be uttered in their regular succession, with the cry, 'my husband, my father, and my brother!'
they gave me a pair of her wings, which i keep still.
numbers in order of magnitude, the points on a line from left to right, the moments of time from earlier to later, are instances of series.
what it calls knowledge is not a union with the not-self, but a set of prejudices, habits, and desires, making an impenetrable veil between us and the world beyond.
perhaps youll be a partner in mr. wickfields business, one of these days, i said, to make myself agreeable; and it will be wickfield and heep, or heep late wickfield.
as the receding wave swept back with a hoarse roar, it seemed to scoop out deep caves in the beach, as if its purpose were to undermine the earth.
it is modern efficiency showing itself in railroad-passenger travel.
all their scenes and surroundings are novel; they may only draw a reliance and comfort from the familiar presence of their comrades.
that is to say, we can know nothing of what it is like in itself, but we can know the sort of arrangement of physical objects which results from their spatial relations.
my mother immediately began to cry, and wondered how peggotty dared to say such a thing.
it was the first time that a grave had opened in my road of life, and the gap it made in the smooth ground was wonderful.
on the fourth morning, the high priest, by rubbing dry wood together, produces new fire in the public square, from whence every habitation in the town is supplied with the new and pure flame.
in the corner was a blanket, with a form half showing beneath it; and beside it lay elzbieta, whether crying or in a faint, jurgis could not tell.
people decide according to their personal preferences.
it revived my utmost indignation to find that she was still pursued by this fellow, and i felt inveterate against him.
marija listened with sympathy; it was easy to believe the tale of his late starvation, for his face showed it all.
have you any idea yet, of estellas views on the adoration question?
and i assure you i am quite sorry that they are going home on tuesday, which is the day before the first day of michaelmas term.
manager peet and the producers are making it perfectly plain to lockport consumers that this is no move contemplating price control.
these glimpses are not a whit over-drawn, and it is safe to say that they mirror practically every corner of our land to-day.
all of these things had worked together for the company that had marked them for its prey and was waiting for its chance.
this area is then flooded with the water to be filtered, which slowly percolates and comes out clear and pure.
then dora held my flowers to jip to smell.
i think the dancing-school a tiresome affair, and wonder why the girls cant dance by themselves and leave us alone.
in some such insidious form there is at present a strong tendency to this narrow theory of life, and to the pinched and hidebound type of human character which it patronises.
she set on every dish; and i always saw in her face, a face rising out of the caldron.
this foulon was at the hotel de ville, and might be loosed.
they might have mercy on him there, or he might meet a friend.
then jurgis felt his companion pulling, and he stepped in, and the blue automaton closed the door.
and, mounting his motor cycle, he was gone down the road in a whirl of red dust.
sometimes the school is held in one of the division offices, but more often it goes forward in the familiar aisle of a sleeping car, sidetracked for the purpose.
whether i was at all in danger of being hanged?
to confess the truth, i very heartily wished, and not for the first time, that i had had some other guardian of minor abilities.
by degrees, in the pauses of his quick and laboured breathing, he was heard to say: what is this?
on the other hand, all the happenings in a given place represent what common sense would regard as the appearances of a number of different objects as viewed from that place.
i am sorry for it, too, said my aunt, rubbing her nose.
but if you wish it so, we shall obey you.
he had been so hearty with him, and with them all, that i felt a shock in this unexpected and cold reply.
to all of these things our friends would listen open-mouthed--it seemed to them impossible of belief that anything so stupendous could have been devised by mortal man.
the great grindstone, earth, had turned when mr. lorry looked out again, and the sun was red on the courtyard.
as i was taking my departure, he asked me if i would like to devote five minutes to seeing mr. jaggers at it?
do you know how my little brother is, sir?
they always went on agen me about the devil.
and to take care, said mr. wickfield, that youre not imposed on, eh?
is the beginning skillfully connected with the body of the article?
a piece of matter, as it is known empirically, is not a single existing thing, but a system of existing things.
if he had lived i should have made him fight his battles over again.
i was sensible of a mist of love and beauty about dora, but of nothing else.
(this is partly questioned by hobhouse*--wrongly, i think.)
it is felt by many that a belief for which no reason can be given is an unreasonable belief.
those out-of-work wretches would stand about the packing houses every morning till the police drove them away, and then they would scatter among the saloons.
mrs. micawbers conviction that her arguments were unanswerable, gave a moral elevation to her tone which i think i had never heard in it before.
say you have no such thought, dear agnes!
or sometimes words may come without the intermediary of images; but in this case equally the feeling of belief is essential.
the content of a belief may consist of words only, or of images only, or of a mixture of the two, or of either or both together with one or more sensations.
we drove to a little inn in a by-road, where we were expected, and where we had a very comfortable dinner, and passed the day with great satisfaction.
reflecting on what had been thus told me, i felt it right that it should be communicated to mr. peggotty.
tell me what it is, she said, in a low voice.
when he got to circe it suddenly flashed upon him that he was reading the work of a young woman!
similar considerations apply to the impossibility of a thing being in two places at once, or of two things being in one place at the same time.
i shall return to this question on a later occasion; for the moment these provisional remarks must suffice.
after trying it, stryver, c. j., was satisfied that no plainer case could be.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
language, however, is a subject upon which i do not wish to speak until a later lecture.
mr. dick took his finger out of his mouth, on this hint, and stood among the group, with a grave and attentive expression of face.
a more outrageous person i never did see.
thus such relations are by no means recondite or rare.
they had only a few dollars now--they had just paid the rent of the house a week ago, and that after it was two weeks overdue.
but i wish to show at what a sacrifice this advantage is at present obtained, and to suggest that we may possibly so live as to secure all the advantage without suffering any of the disadvantage.
i opened my eyes in the day, and, sitting on the window-seat, smoking his pipe in the shaded open window, still i saw joe.
the farm-labor shortage which antedated our entrance into the war became a national menace about the time our selective draft began to operate.
the same proposition, if it were false, would have a less simple formal relation to its objective.
they had brought him his supper, which was duffers and dope--being hunks of dry bread on a tin plate, and coffee, called dope because it was drugged to keep the prisoners quiet.
these are not questions of liberty, and are connected with that subject only by remote tendencies; but they are questions of development.
we were all astir betimes in the morning; and while we were yet at breakfast, mr. barkis appeared in the distance, driving a chaise-cart towards the object of his affections.
mr. jaggers was at his desk, but, seeing me enter, got up immediately and stood before his fire.
before it had set in dark on the night of his condemnation, he had travelled thus far on his last way.
his interest in its recovery seemed to me to be much heightened when he heard that it had stockings on.
said he, in a whimpering miserable way; let me get to work.
he maintained all his delightful qualities to the last, until we started forth, at eight oclock, for mr. peggottys boat.
it was not alluded to in any way, and no pale young gentleman was to be discovered on the premises.
so polite and so impressible was monseigneur, that the comedy and the grand opera had far more influence with him in the tiresome articles of state affairs and state secrets, than the needs of all france.
ill try to be plainer, another time.---is that mr. maldon a-norseback, ringing at the gate, sir?
the old man asked--three hundred dollars down, and the balance at twelve dollars a month, till the total of fifteen hundred dollars had been paid?
his satisfaction in which happy imposition on us, and in having preserved the impenetrable secret of the box, appeared to be a sufficient compensation to him for all his tortures.
i fell into the habit, too, of going around by the market, merely to have an objective, and buying the day's supplies.
thankee, thankee, kind sir, he said, grasping my hand in both of his.
she werent long of following, poor soul, and her share of peace come round at last.
the present stimulus which brings the habit into play produces a different response from that which it would produce if the habit did not exist.
he folded up the note again, with great patience and care, in exactly the same form, and laid it on one side.
a man delivered from his self-created slavery!
but it is not at all easy to say exactly what constitutes the meaning of an image.
if i have got to drag my trap, i will take care that it be a light one and do not nip me in a vital part.
i know how he has narrowed the circle of his sympathies and duties, in the concentration of his whole mind upon me.
for the present, however, we shall do well to forget the problems concerning theory of knowledge, and concentrate upon the purely psychological problem of memory.
mr. peggotty, to relieve it, took two prodigious lobsters, and an enormous crab, and a large canvas bag of shrimps, out of his pockets, and piled them up in hams arms.
i trust it confidently to your not suppressing anything.
we could find inscriptions agreeing with the historian on other points, and tending to show his general accuracy.
in all such cases, the class of terms that have the given transitive symmetrical relation to a given term will fulfil all the formal requisites of a common property of all the members of the class.
she always had been a reasonable person; and he really did mean to do right.
i have told him, said my aunt, with a nod.
he feelingly alluded to the young lady, unknown, whom traddles had honoured with his affection, and who had reciprocated that affection by honouring and blessing traddles with her affection.
that there were, still living, people enough who were able and willing to identify him, i could not doubt.
he had a little group of friends who were actually companions.
seven o'clock, and the girls were leaving the primaries in twos and threes, tired but excitedly discussing the situation.
i dont know what i thought, or what i dreaded.
he was not suspected or brought in question, any more than if he had indeed been recalled to life some eighteen years before, or were a spirit moving among mortals.
we shall, therefore, proceed to ignore mechanical movements, and study only the properties of the remainder.
he addressed me as if nothing had happened, and i could do no less than reply.
i chop off the head close up, draw back the skin of the neck a couple of inches, and then cut off the neck.
cramped in all kinds of dim cupboards and hutches at tellson's, the oldest of men carried on the business gravely.
the turnpike lamp was a blur, quite out of the lamps usual place apparently, and its rays looked solid substance on the fog.
excuse me, as a persistent man of business.
here is squires of the boar present, known and respected in this town, and here is william, which his fathers name was potkins if i do not deceive myself.
he explained his plan--in fact he spent the day in laying bare to his friend the criminal world of the city, and in showing him how he might earn himself a living in it.
i have seen passion in many forms, but i have never seen it in such a form as that.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
then the three went outside, and the man who was holding the woman gave her a shove and dashed out himself.
it was better, he said, that he should not eat, it was a saving.
every form of memory will be, from our present point of view, in one sense a delayed response.
it is the golden season of the year, and any errand or pursuit that takes us abroad upon the hills or by the painted woods and along the amber colored streams at such a time is enough.
so did i. traddles thanked us both, by saying, with a simplicity and honesty i had sense enough to be quite charmed with, i am very much obliged to you indeed.
the thoughtful writer, therefore, must guard against the temptation to surround wrong-doers with the glamour of heroic or romantic adventure, and, by sentimental treatment, to create sympathy for the undeserving culprit.
his expectation, though not expressed in words, deserved, i think, to be called a belief.
by courtesy of the publishers, john lane company.
from all of these things jurgis was saved because of ona.
so much compunction for having ever wronged him, even by a shapeless thought, did i feel within me, that the confession of having done so was rising to my lips.
if the theory was sound it ought not to matter whether the equivalent was rendered before the promise or after it or simultaneously with it.
and she and the little girl, whose name was solange, went out into the snow and came back with heaping armfuls of small logs.
when you offered to teach me latin, i knew better.
the scar made by the hammer was, as usual in this excited state of her features, strongly marked.
could i make a guess, i wonder, said the convict, at your income since you come of age!
the first service which originality has to render them, is that of opening their eyes: which being once fully done, they would have a chance of being themselves original.
so she sat, corpse-like, as we played at cards; the frillings and trimmings on her bridal dress, looking like earthy paper.
when we believe that we desire a certain state of affairs, that often tends to cause a real desire for it.
they come in, nobody knows when, why, or how; and they go out, nobody knows when, why, or how.
the company pairs off quickly, and the whole room is soon in motion.
and suddenly, for the first time this day, we remembered that we are the damned.
have you read lately again his voyage to the houyhnhnms?
the laws of traditional physics, in the form in which they deal with movements of matter or electricity, have an apparent simplicity which somewhat conceals the empirical character of what they assert.
likewise a lyric poem should have certain qualities of freshness, grace, passion, by which we rate any given lyric.
he was so glad to get her back that he could not think clearly about anything else.
i could see nothing else but black darkness.
at the end of it the girl who had carried the red flag went downtown and got a position in a great department store, at a salary of two dollars and a half a week.
understand, that i express no opinion, one way or other, on the trust i undertake.
this discourse on poetry seems to me one of the most pregnant utterances on the subject.
in those days there was a side-entrance to the stable-yard of the golden cross, the inn so memorable to me in connexion with his misfortune, nearly opposite to where we stood.
the doctor, with a complacent smile, was reading aloud some manuscript explanation or statement of a theory out of that interminable dictionary, and she was looking up at him.
who has not betrayed his master many times since last he heard that note?
i pressed traddles into the service without his knowledge; and whenever he came to see us, exploded my mines upon him for the edification of dora at second hand.
mr. cruncher had by this time taken quite a lunch of rust off his fingers in his following of the evidence.
how i admire the gallantry of your youthful spirit, mr. lorry.
she only shook her head; through her tears i saw the same sad quiet smile.
i folded her to my heart, and, for a little while, we were both silent.
it was considered likely that for years he could have had no clear opinion on these subjects himself.
then silence; and some one entered the room and shut the door.
capital, madam, capital, urged mr. micawber, gloomily.
the boy queried, dropping his plow-handles.
man has never lost his primitive love of a good fight.
i shall return shortly to the consideration of what discomfort and pleasure are in themselves; for the present, it is their connection with action and desire that concerns us.
sensation, we decided, is not a form of knowledge.
the jesuits were quite balked by those indians who, being burned at the stake, suggested new modes of torture to their tormentors.
there may be thirty or forty of them to a square inch.
the workers were simply the citizens of industry, and the socialist movement was the expression of their will to survive.
discontent has a curious little trick of flowing out of the earthy end of a hoe.
here his right hand came slowly and feebly from under the bedclothes, and with a purposeless uncertain grasp took hold of a stick which was loosely tied to the side of the bed.
even mozart himself broke away in all directions, and was violently attacked by his contemporaries for doing so, the accusations levelled at him being exactly those with which the opponents of wagner so often pester ourselves.
i said, and thought, that they ought to be ashamed of themselves.
he was merely collecting himself to speak very plainly.
i was abashed at having made so great a mistake, and was glad to change the subject.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
throughout an instant, it is said, a moving body is where it is: it cannot move during the instant, for that would require that the instant should have parts.
everything which comes from the many is good.
persecution has always succeeded, save where the heretics were too strong a party to be effectually persecuted.
in another hour it had much increased, and the sky was more overcast, and blew hard.
one day when mr. creakle kept the house from indisposition, which naturally diffused a lively joy through the school, there was a good deal of noise in the course of the mornings work.
the apparatus that holds brennan's car upright, and promises to revolutionize transportation, is a top adapted to a new purpose.
you wouldnt mind being at once introduced to the aged, would you?
may i ask, sir, if you think she is-- as he hesitated, her father supplied the rest.
that seemed to me the only shape in which i could offer it to their shades.
i had come in with an idea of distinguishing myself rather, conceiving that i was very well prepared; but it turned out to be quite a mistake.
i think i would have gone through a great deal to kiss her cheek.
diagrams, working drawings, floor plans, maps, or pen-and-ink sketches are necessary to illustrate some articles.
their arrival had lighted a kind of fire in the breast of saint antoine, fast spreading as they came along, which stirred and flickered in flames of faces at most doors and windows.
of the young girl who, somewhere at this moment, is walking the streets of this horrible city, beaten and starving, and making her choice between the brothel and the lake!
we do not think of it enough; we stint our wonder because we fall short in appreciation.
with which he took the fork from my unresisting hand, and bent over the gridiron, as if his whole attention were concentrated on it.
therefore the habit enters into the causation of the response, and so do, at one remove, the causes of the habit.
when she put him into the basin he sat in the midst of it and grinned, splashing the water over himself and squealing like a little pig.
and you have all to-morrow, tuesday, to rest in, said herbert.
before putting his late friend on his shelf again, wemmick touched the largest of his mourning rings and said, sent out to buy it for me, only the day before.
by dint of this ingenious scheme, his gloves were got on to perfection.
at night, we choose a clearing, and we build a ring of fires around it.
they call up an image of a blank wall, which clashes with perception of the picture.
i search my breast, and i commit its secrets, if i know them, without any reservation to this paper.
but i am afraid i am wandering from the subject.
i no longer did john's bookkeeping for him--he paid a man a hundred dollars a month to do that--but i still kept my hand on the business.
there too, as every where, i sometimes expected the visitor who never comes.
now, mr. pip, pursued the lawyer, i address the rest of what i have to say, to you.
well, twenty seven, said mr. creakle, mournfully admiring him.
the student will, if possible, see the men in other lands.
the having originated a precaution which was already in course of execution, was a great relief to miss pross.
our blessing upon you, our brothers!
do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends.
you know who was willin, said my friend.
her harsh, manlike voice, her impetuous will, her pride, her furious outbursts of anger, came to her with her tudor blood.
it is logically possible, and it is consistent with the facts.
in the sunset of her life she tells them over, and if here and there among the roseate chaplet is a bead gray in coloring, time has softened the hues of all so they blend exquisitely.
reference may be made to figgis, studies of political thought from gerson to grotius, lect.
the first witty and perverse paradox blows out the candle.
however novel and peculiar this testimony of attachment, i did not doubt the accuracy of the interpretation.
you are the husband, repeated miss havisham, of the sister of this boy?
as usual, a great proportion was trumpery which had begun to accumulate in his fathers day.
and yet we are afraid that biography ought to be dull!
the personalities may never have lived except in the writer's brain, yet who that has read of colonel newcome ever lets fade from his list of friends that delightful gentleman?
may we not conclude that in the part of the law which has to do immediately with conduct complete justice is not to be attained by the mechanical application of fixed rules?
in a very clear and pleasant young voice; a little foreign in its accent, but a very little indeed.
it is accurate if i met jones, inaccurate if i met brown, but precise in either case as against the mere recollection that i met a man.
wemmick replied, i dont know her story,that is, i dont know all of it.
by such a system every meritorious contribution is considered carefully by several critics before it is finally accepted or rejected.
there you quite mistake him, said i. i know better.
a good rock was found at that level.
the question of truth enters into every analysis; none may falsify.
the stream winds ahead like an unbroken road, striped across with soft-edged shadows of violet, indigo, and lavender.
he had turned towards me now, and was shaking his head, and blowing, and towelling himself.
barkiss the carriers wife--peggottys the boatmans sister--she had something to do with your family?
this he does, and if the weather is warm and the food abundant, he soon outgrows his skin.
i determined to ask joe why he had ever taught me to call those picture-cards jacks, which ought to be called knaves.
each couple is paired for the evening--you will never see them change about.
consider what a connexion it is likely to be.
but suddenly remembering that in truth i came for no other purpose, i held my peace in confusion, and felt my face burn.
work must be scheduled and planned ahead, the home must be run on business methods if the system is to succeed.
what i mean to express is, that there is nothing to eat in the house.
the transition between the introduction and the body of the sketch is accomplished by the last paragraph consisting of three short sentences, in marked contrast with the climactic effect with which the description closed.
you treated me falsely, ungratefully, and cruelly.
you have just come home from paris, said i.
my guardian threw his supplicant off with supreme indifference, and left him dancing on the pavement as if it were red hot.
i have noticed that a portion of walden which in the state of water was green will often, when frozen, appear from the same point of view blue.
but i delivered this written communication (slate and all) with my own hand, and joe received it as a miracle of erudition.
according to this definition, the sensation is a theoretical core in the actual experience; the actual experience is the perception.
what a melancholy confirmation: aint it?
it will depend on you, and it could depend on no better man.
could she have thowt o that so many year, because it was to be her grave!
his face wore a queer expression; but before he could retort another caller appeared, a well-dressed woman.
there was a young girl who had fainted, and two men who were supporting her; and there were a dozen others crowding toward the front door.
in many small towns women have not heretofore been overly welcome on the staff of the local paper, for the small town is essentially conservative and suspicious of change.
mr. lorry was out in the night, before he knew where he was.
they speak of moving society, but have no resting-place without it.
here and there in the long street of st. honore, cries are raised against him.
said i, because if you had been you would have told me.
there were dozens of houses that way in packingtown.
does it belong to anybody in the neighbourhood?
if i am reserved to wear a wig, i am at least prepared, externally, in allusion to his baldness, for that distinction.
in the second place, what is true of the editor and the manuscript is equally true of the reader and the printed article.
the only obligation which i have a right to assume, is to do at any time what i think right.
with the tears streaming down her face, she put her two hands to her lips, and kissed them to him; then clasped them on her breast, as if she laid his ruined head there.
exclaimed my sister, as if she didnt quite mean that but rather the contrary.
he had found out, at yarmouth, some foreign dealers who knew that country, and they had drawn him a rude map on paper, which he could very well understand.
said steerforth, laughing still more heartily: why should i trouble myself, that a parcel of heavy-headed fellows may gape and hold up their hands?
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
but this is a sort of dignity that may be thrust upon one.
he was soon over, and then the second fisherman got over, and then the third.
mr. lorry held it open in his hand, gazing in his earnest face.
besides, said my aunt, theres the memorial-- oh, certainly, said mr. dick, in a hurry, i intend, trotwood, to get that done immediately--it really must be done immediately!
and mr. peggotty, unless you can induce your gentle niece to come back (for whom i vacate this seat in the corner), i shall go.
by day the streets are a depression, with their frowzy doss-houses and their vapor-baths.
their first attempts gave them a pulp astonishingly similar to that resulting from the choicest rags.
president, i indignantly protest to you that this is a forgery and a fraud.
and i tell you what--its a most uncommon chair to smoke a pipe in.
out of all my customers less than twelve have become customers through the influence of friends.
thus recovery of a sum of money by way of penalty for a delict is the historical starting point of liability.
in the sad moonlight, she clasped him by the neck, and laid her face upon his breast.
wash that face, sir, and come down with me.
that is to say, we will regard it as, for practical purposes, a luminous point.
in this case, both the active and passive understanding of words is different from what it is when words are used demonstratively.
janet looked a little surprised to see me lying stiffly on the sofa (i was afraid to move lest it should be displeasing to my aunt), but went on her errand.
but for the longer efforts of sustained eloquence greater art is required.
i want to make it nerve you, and inspire you, dora!
i am far from sure that i believed there was anything hopeful in it, but my mind was thoroughly made up that it must be carried into execution.
he would agree to serve a certain quality at a certain price, and when the time came you and your friends would be drinking some horrible poison that could not be described.
it follows that our speck must, so long as it moves, pass from one point at one instant to the next point at the next instant.
the sky is green and cold in our windows to the east.
he had a white beard, raggedly cut, but not very long, a hollow face, and exceedingly bright eyes.
yet those long walks were the best thing that ever happened to me.
your customer will have confidence in you if he feels that you are square and also knows what you are talking about.
but, much too soon, we heard the others laughing and talking, and calling wheres dora?
also of looking round the room for any sign of dora, and seeing none.
it sent a correspondent to colorado, and printed pages describing the overthrow of american institutions in that state.
for example, knight dunlap contends that images are really muscular contractions,* and evidently regards our awareness of muscular contractions as not coming under the head of introspection.
no two ages, and scarcely any two countries, have decided it alike; and the decision of one age or country is a wonder to another.
except in rare instances, a man is known in our profession and esteemed as a skilful workman years before the lucky hit which trebles his usual gains, and stamps him a popular author.
he had every old country storekeeper standin' on end about that nine-hour bill.
the case is so hopeless, and i feel that i am wallowing in such a bog of nonsense, that i give up all idea of getting out, and abandon myself to my fate.
we alighted at one of the entrances to the square she had mentioned, where i directed the coach to wait, not knowing but that we might have some occasion for it.
i gazed with adoration at the portraits of george and martha washington, till i could see them with my eyes shut.
this caused me to remain until all the company were gone.
'i congratulate you, my brother,' were his words as he turned round.
already they had hired a big hall, with some of the brewer's money, and every night jurgis brought in a dozen new members of the doyle republican association.
for tomorrow the world council of scholars is to meet in our city.
lack of consideration for the rights of others is the mark neither of a good writer nor of a true gentleman.
neither was i surprised when, on the very next day, uriah, like a dutiful son, brought his worthy mother to take possession.
well, maam, returned mr. chillip, we are--we are progressing slowly, maam.
adams has left the school so long, that when he comes back, on a visit to doctor strong, there are not many there, besides myself, who know him.
most men would feel shame if caught preparing with their own hands precisely such a dinner, whether of animal or vegetable food, as is every day prepared for them by others.
never mind about 'happening,' mr. lorry.
but if he had looked at me for an hour or for a day, i could not have remembered his face ever afterwards, as having been more attentive.
there are various complications which blur the sharpness of this distinction in practice.
there was, naturally, much holding of breath as dr. virgil p. gibney, the operating surgeon, raised his knife and quickly made a deep incision in the heel of this perfectly conscious patient.
then, she withdrew her hand, and kissed his lips once more, and went away.
its the cause of much suffering, but its a consolation to know i posses it, when i wake up in the night.
the theatre where mr. wopsle had achieved his questionable triumph was in that water-side neighborhood (it is nowhere now), and to that theatre i resolved to go.
the house belonged to a great nobleman who had lived in it until he made a flight from the troubles, in his own cook's dress, and got across the borders.
going back to my window, i could see the two men moving over the marsh.
beyond a line or two, to say that i was well, and had arrived at such a place, i had not had fortitude or constancy to write a letter since i left home.
one is a mere condition of fact, a mere physical holding of or physical control over the thing without any other element whatever.
such things as could be said for him were said,how he had taken to industrious habits, and had thriven lawfully and reputably.
there is something electrifying in the atmosphere of the former place.
so thats what im a-going to do with her.
his outward life was commonplace and uninteresting; he was just a hotel-porter, and expected to remain one while he lived; but meantime, in the realm of thought, his life was a perpetual adventure.
this was strenuously denied by the empirical philosophers, who maintained that experience was as much the source of our knowledge of arithmetic as of our knowledge of geography.
but i have thought it possible that you might have it in your power, if you should deem it right, to give me some.
how merry little emly made herself about it!
finding the law may consist merely in laying hold of a prescribed text of a code or statute.
the overlapping of subdivisions is likely to occur because of one or both of two causes: lack of clear thinking, and lack of clear expression.
poultry, bees, and a vegetable garden are mrs. tupper's specialities.
then, as in general you stick to your work as well as most men, said joe, let it be a half-holiday for all.
the slightest provocation, even being asked if there is anything he would prefer for dinner, causes him to express a wish for a separation.
there is no season like the end of february for cleaning out brooks.
he might think my brain was softening, or something of the kind.
agnes saw it too, i think, for she shrank from him.
with the impatient movement of her fingers.
he made no effort to say why not, and said not a word more.
walter l. sears, superintendent of the office in kneeland street, tells this story: an american youngster came in.
there came no answer to it, however, and at last, the day before new year's, jurgis bade good-by to jack duane.
at the front door he paused, and the butler strode close to him.
it depends upon how you dewelop your talents.
for the description of feelings, words with a rich emotional connotation are important.
the humor is often ironic, frequently dry and lurking, but kindly still, for the essayist loves his fellow man.
they are proof-sheets which need no correction.
they came to think of maintaining the general security mediately through the security of social institutions.
the court was all astir and a-buzz, when the black sheep--whom many fell away from in dread--pressed him into an obscure corner among the crowd.
many special feature stories in narrative form have much the same interest that is created by the fictitious tale of adventure.
if we examine the law of property analytically, we may see three grades or stages in the power or capacity which men have of influencing the acts of others with respect to corporeal objects.
i strove to conduct myself as befitted a fellow citizen.
thus a formal contract was a pact with the addition of legal form.
it was of small dimensions, with a peaked cottage roof, and not much else to be seen, the dirt being raised five feet all around as if it were a compost heap.
let us take first the case when it is not.
he added, in a jesting way, that perhaps george washington might gain almost as great a name in history as george the third.
yet somehow the history is to be written, somehow the effect that he wishes is to be gained.
its a quaint place, and they are quaint company, and its quite a new sensation to mix with them.
hour after hour this had continued--the darkness had fallen and the room was dim from the light of two smoky oil lamps.
but it depended upon steerforth; and he did it with such address, that in a few minutes we were all as easy and as happy as it was possible to be.
as regards the memory-belief, we must, at least provisionally, accept bergson's view that it cannot be brought under the head of habit, at any rate when it first occurs, i.e.
perhaps i saw her glove waved in a carriage window; perhaps i met her, walked with her and miss murdstone a little way, and spoke to her.
for both of these songs mrs. micawber had been famous when she lived at home with her papa and mama.
and how do you get on, and where are you being educated, brooks?
in these pictures he is not formally accurate; he could never or seldom set his truth before us in that moderation and proportion which truths acquire in the stringencies of actuality.
then, the mender of roads having got his tools together and all things ready to go down into the village, roused him.
that no project whatever shall be entertained with regard to our niece, without being first submitted to us-- to you, sister lavinia, miss clarissa interposed.
not that a gentleman like you, so well set up as you, cant win em off of his own game; but money shall back you!
and it is the mark of the very highest order of creative art to be woven exclusively of such.
he was a brute to you, traddles, said i, indignantly; for his good humour made me feel as if i had seen him beaten but yesterday.
you wont think what i am going to say, unreasonable, after what you told me, such a little while ago, of mr. wickfields not being well?
sixth, how much force must each part of the mechanism sustain, and how big must it be when made of suitable material so as not to break.
the feature that would attract the most attention, he believed, was the striking results obtained by the school in a comparatively short time.
we were warm and happy and full of good food and good wine.
naturally, too, i was brought into contact, very often into quite intimate personal contact, with some of the greatest actors of the day.
who knows in how many unremembered nations literatures this has been the castalian fountain?
i felt as if i alone of all my townsmen had paid my tax.
thus self-evidence of this sort is a matter of degree; and it seems plain that the higher degrees are more to be trusted than the lower degrees.
the walls were whitewashed as white as milk, and the patchwork counterpane made my eyes quite ache with its brightness.
now agnes, my dear, let us attend to these affairs.
unfortunately the morning was drizzly, and an angel could not have concealed the fact that barnard was shedding sooty tears outside the window, like some weak giant of a sweep.
but i don't know how to originate, in such a case.
jurgis' arms were shaking so that he could scarcely hold himself up, and lurched forward now and then as he listened.
there were playing cards scattered all over the floor--one of the tables had been upset, and bottles of wine were rolling about, their contents running out upon the carpet.
the other one still gasped, he triedhe tried-tomurder me.
in every line of the narrative he had heard, he had heard his condemnation.
he growled to me; and wiped his hot face with his hand.
the stranger, with a comfortable kind of grunt over his pipe, put his legs up on the settle that he had to himself.
but when he charged me, in return, with many messages of affection and regret for those deaf ears, he moved me more.
as they are wanted for immediate service, will you throw your eye over them?
my entrance, and my saying what i wanted, roused her.
of this no charge of any sort has been entered against the workers or their beneficiaries.
why do i secretly give miss shepherd twelve brazil nuts for a present, i wonder?
hadda come away an' leave kitty--hic--left her cryin', too--whujja think of that, ole sport?
the cavity occupied by the bees was about three feet and a half long and eight or ten inches in diameter.
poison is not poisonous after all, nor are any wounds fatal.
or, in contact with a mastermind, he may take fire, and the glow of the enthusiasm may be the inspiration of his life.
at the same time, my dear, if they should condescend to reply to your communications--which our joint experience renders most improbable--far be it from me to be a barrier to your wishes.
i shall return to what is virtually the same question in connection with true memory, which raises exactly similar problems.
you were, just now; i saw you do it, and i don't wonder at it.
it is not quite so easy as in the former case to reduce this set of facts to a form in which nothing is assumed beyond sensible objects.
i found as prevalent a fashion in the form of the penitence, as i had left outside in the forms of the coats and waistcoats in the windows of the tailors shops.
tellson's had whitewashed the cupid, but he was still to be seen on the ceiling, in the coolest linen, aiming (as he very often does) at money from morning to night.
i have stood aside to see the phantoms of those days go by me.
it is to old age that we look for reimbursement, the most of us.
the first set of facts to be adduced against the common sense view of desire are those studied by psycho-analysis.
may be the man you hoe with is inclined to race; then, by gorry, your mind must be there; you think of weeds.
as poor as they were, and making all the sacrifices that they were, would he dare to refuse any sort of work that was offered to him, be it as horrible as ever it could?
this aspect of the question, besides, has been so often and so triumphantly enforced by preceding writers, that it need not be specially insisted on in this place.
what is wanted further seems to be something in the nature of fulfilment of causal laws.
it was twilight when we reached the cottage.
in the hand-blowing process six men are needed to make one bottle.
he merely lost an extraordinary and supplementary remedy and was left to the ordinary course of the law.
coarse grass and rank weeds straggled over all the marshy land in the vicinity.
as an initial guarantee, therefore, neither self-evidence nor subjective certainty can be accepted as adequate.
once their water pipes froze and burst; and when, in their ignorance, they thawed them out, they had a terrifying flood in their house.
you see i am only just emerging from my lowly station.
his head is wide and flat and his eyes are set well out at the sides, while in front of them he has a pair of cute little horns or feelers.
if the study of philosophy has any value at all for others than students of philosophy, it must be only indirectly, through its effects upon the lives of those who study it.
they watch you, misrepresent you, write letters about you (anonymous sometimes), and you are the torment and the occupation of their lives.
the carbon copy can also be used later for comparison with the printed article.
next morning, consequently, we were on the yarmouth coach, and again travelling over the old ground.
there is no cogent empirical reason for supposing that the laws determining the motions of living bodies are exactly the same as those that apply to dead matter.
rather tall, of a lithe nimble figure, extremely pale, with large faded eyes, and a quantity of streaming hair.
this makes it impossible for a man to live honestly and at the same time comfortably in outward respects.
i said youd think so, mother, said uriah.
cried miss pross, clapping her hands again.
ask me to do anything in my office, putting my head in great extra danger, and i had better trust my life to the chances of a refusal than the chances of consent.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
true, ten-cent donations were not suggested to adult contributors, and the mosquito man did much to induce the well-to-do citizens to subscribe according to their means.
he would then condemn her to pay the sum of ten dollars to the state and let her go.
while mrs. joe sat with her head bending over her needlework, i put my mouth into the forms of saying to joe, whats a convict?
until long after midnight jurgis sat lost in the conversation of his new acquaintance.
we raised our right arm and we said: our greeting to you, our honored brothers of the world council of scholars!
the passing of the derelict fittings aroused some disquiet, but the steady routine of our progress and the constant friendly presence of familiar surroundings has effect in allaying immediate fears.
then our eyes became used to the darkness, but we could not believe what we saw.
if it had not been charles, it would have been another.
but it is useless to discuss the question.
how philosophy is to be rendered scientific, and what is the true subject-matter of philosophy, i shall try to show first by examples of certain achieved results, and then more generally.
i aint got no call to go and tell her so.
i know, but this is another pint, a separate matter.
but what is this which is quite in my way?
i felt that this was a good statement of the case, and told him so.
but do i, said mr. pumblechook, getting up again the moment after he had sat down, see afore me, him as i ever sported with in his times of happy infancy?
for over two thousand years the human intellect was baffled by the problem; its many failures and its ultimate success make this problem peculiarly apt for the illustration of method.
but for our part we have always been a hypocrite and we shall have to continue being a hypocrite for a good many years yet, and we yearn to come out in our true colors at last.
but that sort of thing would not do for ona.
it was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words.
whether it was a son who would never know his father's story; who might even live to weigh the possibility of his father's having disappeared of his own will and act.
this molting process occurs several times within a week or two, but the last time he takes on another form.
youre a devilish amiable-looking fellow, copperfield.
mr. barkis rubbed his cheek with his cuff, and then looked at his cuff as if he expected to find some of the bloom upon it; but made no other acknowledgement of the compliment.
how well i remember, when my smart and passion began to cool, how wicked i began to feel!
some of us did, but eight hundred of the full-bloods went back forty miles into the foothills under the leadership of red bird smith.
it was from the peak of west pinnacle that daniel boone first looked out over the blue grass region of kentucky.
i replied that i should have known her, anywhere.
does he exercise the same influence over mr. wickfield still, agnes?
this all happened three years ago, and now not a child in the twelve miles but can tell you all about mosquitoes and how a community can avoid having them.
everything was very good; we did not spare the wine; and he exerted himself so brilliantly to make the thing pass off well, that there was no pause in our festivity.
id lay down my life for her--masr davy--oh!
she was a wrinkled-up and wizened personage--she must have been eighty--and as she mumbled the grim story through her toothless gums, she seemed a very old witch to them.
i had a brief moment of some vague apprehension, as though something could not be quite right.
all change is a miracle to contemplate; but it is a miracle which is taking place every instant.
it is this fact that enables us to apprehend such things as movements, or the order of the words in a spoken sentence.
the tree hardly reached to the top of the precipice.
i began to think i would put it off till tomorrow.
that there was no hope of escape from it, unless the escape was my own act, i knew quite well.
nevertheless there are some reasons for thinking that we are acquainted with the 'i', though the acquaintance is hard to disentangle from other things.
but after each of these interruptions, the desolate procession would begin again--the procession of dreary little buildings.
blackstone resorted to the first of these.
to show how they help give employment in the large cities.
if you cant get to be oncommon through going straight, youll never get to do it through going crooked.
for other crimes as tyrants and oppressors, i have this race a long time on my register, doomed to destruction and extermination.
i knew from the first, that, if i could not do my work as well as any of the rest, i could not hold myself above slight and contempt.
you did that, and that would be enough, without more.
the doctrines in their integrity are serviceable to pelt adversaries with; and it is understood that they are to be put forward (when possible) as the reasons for whatever people do that they think laudable.
all the above characteristics of instinct can be established by purely external observation, except the fact that instinct does not require prevision.
his manner was so fervent and inspiring, that mr. lorry caught the flame, and was as quick as youth.
the reason i know this is that the relation of husband and wife relates one man to one woman and one woman to one man.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
you will, of course, have more or less correspondence with your customers.
when this appeared improbable for that night, i undressed, and went to bed; and, there, i began to wonder fearfully what would be done to me.
its some time since i was articled, but the payment of that hundred pounds was a great pull.
the engine pushes the fore-part of the train slowly forward until the end of the last rail laid is approached.
i told dem dot ven they send for de priest.
he came of an excellent old intellectual quaker family down in the philadelphia region.
i was not angry with them; i was more afraid of them, as if i were cast away among creatures with whom i had no community of nature.
having said which, he drew back, to observe the effect which this description of her made upon me.
i wonder you condescend to come back to such poor society as this, i am sure i do!
he was again alone in his room of the previous night, considering what to do next, when he heard a foot upon the stair.
it was the clothing in legally recognized vestments of an intention to do what reason and good faith demand in a given situation.
as they turn to the sheer descent, the white and blue and slate color, in the heart of the canadian falls at least, blend and deepen to a rich, wonderful, luminous green.
the fee, said steerforth, is-- five bob, replied miss mowcher, and dirt cheap, my chicken.
there will also be things remembered or imagined, for with such things also we have immediate acquaintance at the moment of remembering or imagining.
but i was relieved of them in an unexpected manner.
it is yourself that is hunted down; these are your own faults that are dragged into the day and numbered, with lingering relish, with cruel cunning and precision.
no longer can we privately assure ourselves that some day we, too, shall do something, and that it is only the becoming modesty of youth which prevents our doing it at once.
as we already know, the keel of a vessel is laid upon a row of blocks, and from the keel it grows upwards plate by plate.
i dont know how the household furniture came to be sold for the family benefit, or who sold it, except that i did not.
the salary in any business under heaven is not the only, nor indeed the first, question.
where, in the name of wonder, should his sister, betsey trotwood, have run from, or to?
but he did not conceal from me that, although there might be many cases in which the forfeiture would not be exacted, there were no circumstances in this case to make it one of them.
then he determined to be a doctor, and uncle contarine helped him to a couple of years at edinburgh.
but on miss mills observing, with despondency, that it were well indeed for some hearts if this were so, i explained that i begged leave to restrict the observation to mortals of the masculine gender.
consider a certain star, and suppose for the moment that its size is negligible.
you did not tell me where you had been.
im awful dull, but i hope ive beat out something nigh the rights of this at last.
for my own part, my occupation in my solitary pilgrimages was to recall every yard of the old road as i went along it, and to haunt the old spots, of which i never tired.
but mr. peggotty made no such retort, only answering with another entreaty to mrs. gummidge to cheer up.
i had never parted from him before, and what with my feelings and what with soapsuds, i could at first see no stars from the chaise-cart.
law as a securing of natural equality became law as a securing of natural rights.
in how far does the whole selection depend for its validity upon the truth of these general statements?
and then there was the condemned meat industry, with its endless horrors.
* for us, there is no necessity to make any such assumption, which is very difficult to harmonize with obvious facts.
but, a remarkable improvement came upon him as to this.
and there were globes of glass everywhere, in each room, the globes with the metal cobwebs inside, such as we had seen in our tunnel.
but my dear young friend, said mr. pumblechook, you must be hungry, you must be exhausted.
i never chanced to see its kind in any market; it would be the cynosure of all eyes there.
clean-cut mental images are called up by specific words; vague ones usually result from general, abstract terms.
i sacrificed it to vulcan, for it was past serving the god terminus.
this change had a great influence in bringing camillas chemistry to a sudden end.
whatever betides, whatever new ties you may form, whatever changes may come between us, i shall always look to you, and love you, as i do now, and have always done.
this is true also of the historical jurists and of the positivists.
i devote you, said this person, stopping at the last door on his way, and turning in the direction of the sanctuary, to the devil!
gentlemen, said mr. wopsle, i am proud to see you.
sometimes this fault occurs through the endeavor to make the criticism attractive, one of the strong demands of the appreciative kind.
i should say he must have pocketed a good deal, in one way or other.
thus one might stand and see appear, miraculously born from the machine, a wriggling snake of sausage of incredible length.
every morning, when it came time to start for the yards, he would begin to cry and protest.
said mr. peggotty, with a clap of his hands.
the material was sand of every degree of fineness and of various rich colors, commonly mixed with a little clay.
but isnt it, though?--i want to be put right, if i am wrong--isnt it, really?
cases calling for genuine interpretation are relatively few and simple.
better to be a rational creature, he added then, after ringing a small bell on the table, and accept your natural destiny.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
pound being produced by d. takes cook to little house, where j. alone tied up to leg of table.
we can now see that in certain cases, at least, it does do so.
as we were going along, she asked me what he had said; and i told her he had said it was all right.
i dont remember to have seen one like it.
after sipping his cognac to the end, he added: yes, miss manette is going to be married.
awakened by a timid local functionary and three armed patriots in rough red caps and with pipes in their mouths, who sat down on the bed.
not very, said the other, tired, are you, though?
can the lower classes ever hope to obtain that complete view of the fifth avenue set which the sunday columns offer them?
mrs. crupp appeared to be a long way off.
in him, as in many idealists, the irish theme had become legendary, it was part of his religion and his dream-life, and he treated it with real affection and humor.
one prisoner there was, he said, who had been discharged into the street free, but at whom a mistaken savage had thrust a pike as he passed out.
we had turned back to follow her, having encountered her coming towards us; and westminster abbey was the point at which she passed from the lights and noise of the leading streets.
after many attempts, i wrote, my dear agnes.
so i went out on the landing and roared that name as i had done on the previous occasion.
it is in these circumstances most especially, that exceptional individuals, instead of being deterred, should be encouraged in acting differently from the mass.
advertising is rather expensive, i remarked, dubiously.
monsieur defarge sold a very thin wine at the best of times, but it would seem to have been an unusually thin wine that he sold at this time.
it was a very cold day, with cutting blasts of wind.
he turned his head as they entered, and showed the surprise with which he saw a stranger.
no one has told me so, said defarge, shaking his head.
now you are a scholar, trotwood, said mr. dick.
more than that, he seems to me (i may misjudge him) to be a man of a desperate and fierce character.
i didnt exactly say so; i softened it down as much as i could; but i implied it, and i was resolute upon it.
we thus effect a mutual rapprochement of mind and matter, and reduce the ultimate data of introspection (in our second sense) to images alone.
i am getting twenty-five cents a dozen for eggs in thirty-dozen eases and twenty-nine cents a dozen in two-dozen boxes.
the book exists for us perchance which will explain our miracles and reveal new ones.
a highly popular murder had been committed, and mr. wopsle was imbrued in blood to the eyebrows.
it is illustrated in the experience of almost all ethical doctrines and religious creeds.
the most thoroughgoing attempt to apply the equivalent theory to be found in the books is langdell's working out of a system of the so-called conditions implied in law or dependent promises on that basis.
the only thing constant (so long as the name is rightly used) is the object to which the name applies.
in the second place, include everything that does properly belong in the definition.
we both knew that i had but to propose anything, and he would consent.
she had hold of him, and was trying to raise herself to look at him; he could feel the palsied shaking of her hands and the heaving of the bosom she pressed against him.
here, the poor fool has been begging and praying about handing over some of her money--because she has got too much of it.
but the sea, having upon it the additional agitation of the whole night, was infinitely more terrific than when i had seen it last.
these good and faithful servants performed their duties with exemplary zeal and astuteness.
the three-dimensional world seen by one mind therefore contains no place in common with that seen by another, for places can only be constituted by the things in or around them.
the council of scholars has said that we all know the things which exist and therefore the things which are not known by all do not exist.
the black face of the porter wrinkled into smiles.
i could see in the action of estellas fingers as they worked that she attended to what i said; but she did not look up.
in consequence, an ill-natured story got about, that emly wanted to be a lady.
it was he who conceived the idea, about a year ago, of increasing the efficiency of his women employees by giving them an education free of cost, during working hours.
now, molly, molly, molly, molly, how slow you are to-day!
----, early law and custom (american ed.
they, too, stopped at the corner kitchen.
they had opened their hearts, like flowers to the springtime, and the merciless winter had fallen upon them.
these are carried up to the roof and poured into the first mixing tank through a hopper fixed for the purpose.
there is but little virtue in the action of masses of men.
then they ate, and afterward sat and smoked and talked more about america, and how they found it.
no more persuasive rabbi exists, and few better.
he tried to explain to me how that quarrel had arisen, and he said that, so far as he could judge, it was a wrong and foolish one on england's part.
she said in court that shed have took him single-handed (on account of what she knew concerning him), if he had been samson.
half of the kitchen was given up to a workbench, which was piled with clothing, and ostrinski explained that he was a pants finisher.
i fear that we are such gods or demigods only as fauns and satyrs, the divine allied to beasts, the creatures of appetite, and that, to some extent, our very life is our disgrace.
my little dora being in good spirits, and very desirous that i should go--as i found on talking it over with her--i readily pledged myself to accompany him in accordance with his wish.
my ultimate ambition is, i suppose, the masterly playing of the game.
youll have opportunity enough to say about it, and hear about it, before its done with, you know.
most of all, i love my gentle horsemen.
you may also tell him, from me, that after abandoning his worldly goods and position to this butcherly mob, i wonder he is not at the head of them.
when i lost the rest, i thought it wise to say nothing about that sum, but to keep it secretly for a rainy day.
this strongly marked way of doing business made a strongly marked impression on me, and that not of an agreeable kind.
in a tight sky-blue suit that made his arms and legs like german sausages, or roly-poly puddings, he was the merriest and most miserable of all the boys.
i took it from his hand, but laid it on the table.
the short sentence, because it is easily apprehended, is more emphatic than a longer one.
yet, for my part, i was never unusually squeamish; i could sometimes eat a fried rat with a good relish, if it were necessary.
this, however, is a circular definition: it assumes that we already know what is meant by 'known premisses'.
looking at the jury and the turbulent audience, he might have thought that the usual order of things was reversed, and that the felons were trying the honest men.
the very simplicity and nakedness of mans life in the primitive ages imply this advantage at least, that they left him still but a sojourner in nature.
the school disputations of the middle ages had a somewhat similar object.
the boss had meant for him to enter, but had not said this, and so it was only when on his way out to hire another man that he came upon jurgis.
what julia calls society, i see; among it mr. jack maldon, from his patent place, sneering at the hand that gave it him, and speaking to me of the doctor as so charmingly antique.
before i sit down, i wish to make an observation.
to deter persons from committing similar crimes and follies should be the only purpose in writing on such topics.
the flute becomes inaudible, the wheels of the coach are heard instead, and i am on my journey.
or, if you choose to go farther, it will not be unwise, for i have found the increase of fair bait to be very nearly as the squares of the distances.
as there seemed to be a tacit understanding that the aged was not in a presentable state, and was therefore to be considered invisible, i made a pretence of being in complete ignorance of these proceedings.
i would fain claim for myself the faculty of so much insight as can be expressed in a voice of sympathy and compassion.
a mighty pleasure for the poor baby to fix her simple faith upon any dog of a fellow, certain to ill-use her in some way or other.
there was that sort of thing done to me somehow.
stranger things than that will happen when it does come, answered madame.
oh, my dear agnes, of all people in the world, what a pleasure to see you!
go on, peggotty, said i, more frightened than before.
maam, returned mr. chillip, i apprehended you had known.
biddy, said i, i made a remark respecting my coming down here often, to see joe, which you received with a marked silence.
if you violently believe in woman-suffrage--as you well may--so that you can be only dead-serious about it, do not write an informal essay.
articles the primary purpose of which is to give directions for doing something in a particular way, are always in demand.
the girls' first move was to go before the central labor body and ask them to indorse their objections to e.j.
thus it soon became a period of strict law.
she stared, and said in a low voice, is it real?
considering that you are young, and striving for a place in life, i think it would be well to say that you would readily abide by any conditions they might impose upon you.
the child may not genuinely remember the incident, but only have the habit of the appropriate words, as in the case of a poem which we know by heart, though we cannot remember learning it.
he should have taken her away, even if it were to lie down and die of starvation in the gutters of chicago's streets!
carton, still drinking the punch, rejoined, why should i be astonished?
moreover--though this statement must be noticed and subsequently examined--the perspectives in which the penny looks big will be said to be nearer to the penny than those in which it looks small.
and in these fires the evil ones and all the things made by the evil ones were burned.
in effect, sir, pursued the nephew, i believe it to be at once your bad fortune, and my good fortune, that has kept me out of a prison in france here.
during most of this short dialogue, when he had not been speaking in a wild vivacious manner, he had sat idly beating on the lump of coal with the poker.
and he was so very free of the wine that he even called for the other bottle, and handed that about with the same liberality, when the first was gone.
dont be so proud, estella, and so inflexible.
manager peet worked out arrangements for the care of these boys in forty-two camps strategically located.
when joe went home at five minutes before ten, he found her struck down on the floor, and promptly called in assistance.
he and his books were in frequent requisition as to property confiscated and made national.
there is a guard of sundry horsemen riding abreast of the tumbrils, and faces are often turned up to some of them, and they are asked some question.
i will teach it you with pleasure, as i learn it.
there is an essential truth in this which no man attempting to play the part of leader in a democracy can forget except at his peril.
those was solemn words, masr davy, fur to hear!
even after the era of luther, wherever persecution was persisted in, it was successful.
yes, pip, dear boy, ive made a gentleman on you!
--i must be permitted to observe that it cannot be requisite to enter into these details.
it will be found that much of what zeno says as regards the series of points on a line can be equally well applied to the series of fractions.
we proceeded by appointment straight to mr. micawbers house; where, and at mr. wickfields, my friend had been labouring ever since our explosive meeting.
a faint murmur arose about the house from the few people who were left there, and there was a saddling of a horse and riding away.
the present mental occurrence in remembering.
they had hair of gold and eyes blue as morning.
in the whole mechanism of modern transportation there is nothing so paradoxical, nothing so daring in conception as these same bubbles of air which we call tires.
in the meantime, said traddles, coming back to his chair; and this is the end of my prosing about myself, i get on as well as i can.
in view of the fact that the text suggests avoidance of a beginning list of parts of a machine, what is your opinion of the list in this selection?
he watched me as i laid my purse upon the table and opened it, and he watched me as i separated two one-pound notes from its contents.
people who once irritated now interested him.
for it cannot be successfully maintained that our understanding of a word, for example, is an actual existent content of the mind at times when we are not thinking of the word.
mr. copperfield, said mr. micawber, gravely, i hope i see you well?
this boy and weather-cock have the opposite defect to that of the previous pair: they give different responses to stimuli which do not differ in any relevant way.
do not be troubled, she said, giving me her hand, by our misfortunes and anxieties.
there is no life for men, save in useful toil for the good of all their brothers.
through this achievement, by the suggestion of fruitful hypotheses, it may be indirectly useful in other sciences, notably mathematics, physics, and psychology.
if you can but poke fun at yourself, we will listen.
it seemed that i had not been expected so soon, the carrier being much before his usual time.
this is the simple principle of amortization, and it is recognized in europe as the safest, easiest, and best method of reducing land-mortgage indebtedness hitherto conceived and put into practice.
sometimes, if the magistrate was young or new to the business, she would be given a chance against officer smith.
when the door was locked, he showed me where to hang my hat, and how he managed matters there.
i have already dwelt upon the importance of mnemic phenomena for psychology, and shall not enlarge upon them now, beyond observing that they are what transforms a biography (in our technical sense) into a life.
all the great metaphysical systems--notably those of plato, spinoza, and hegel--are the outcome of this fundamental idea.
in mrs. brandleys house and out of mrs. brandleys house, i suffered every kind and degree of torture that estella could cause me.
he would only show the deficiency of the others.
he dined in town yesterday, and drove down in the phaeton by himself, said tiffey, having sent his own groom home by the coach, as he sometimes did, you know-- well?
you was a saying how are you to be guarded from the danger you have incurred?
she had employed herself in both ways, at his side under the tree, many and many a time; but, this time was not quite like any other, and nothing could make it so.
for that which they died to save can never perish.
there he floundered for a while, trying to develop sales arguments along the old lines.
in logic, on the contrary, where we are concerned not merely with what does exist, but with whatever might or could exist or be, no reference to actual particulars is involved.
in my confidence in my own resources, i would willingly have taken herberts expenses on myself; but herbert was proud, and i could make no such proposal to him.
i was going to retort with an inquiry, and had got as far as why when joe stopped me.
said defarge, with a half complaining and half apologetic shrug.
but neither of these resources was approved of in the parlour.
one made straight for the watergate, a second for the bailey-guard, a third for the porter-house, and the last (led by the saintly smeathe) for the tube station.
he must be able to hear them from persons who actually believe them; who defend them in earnest, and do their very utmost for them.
yes, he would say, all that is true--but what do you suppose is the reason for it?
i was obliged to hire a team and a man for the ploughing, though i held the plough myself.
then at once you have a standard by which you can judge all houses, to which you can relate questions of position, arrangement, convenience, lighting, heating, etc.
they had persuaded her that i was a wicked fellow, and she was more sorry for that than for my going away.
it was done simply because her heart was filled with the need of the thousands of helpless, unorganized girls for protection from the greed of organized capital.
after two days and nights, i felt as if i had lived there for a year, and yet i was not an hour older, but was quite as much tormented by my own youthfulness as ever.
he made shoes, he made shoes, he made shoes.
it is no distance--comparatively speaking; and though consideration is due to the kindness of your proposal, i assure you that is a mere matter of form.
we were very happy; and that evening, as the last of its race, and destined evermore to close that volume of my life, will never pass out of my memory.
oh, what a reward it is, said uriah, drawing up one leg, at the risk of bringing down upon himself another visitation from my aunt, to be so trusted in!
on the contrary, he is a smiling industrious elf, monstrous attentive to the canons of polite society.
was ever any poor girl so ill-used by her servants as i am!
and here, in this uncharted wilderness, i and they, my chosen friends, my fellow-builders, shall write the first chapter in the new history of man.
and yet this life--to which i cling tenaciously--comes to no more.
in one or two instances there was a difficulty respecting the raising of fees, and then mr. wemmick, backing as far as possible from the insufficient money produced, said, its no use, my boy.
but marija did not understand this, and made a disturbance.
oh, take me to your heart, my husband, for my love was founded on a rock, and it endures!
my natural grief for my childs mother turned to disease; my natural love for my child turned to disease.
--has nothing, pursued traddles, to do with that.
i have dined with him at his private house.
perhaps these have creased it, for you find some of their cases in the furrows, though they are deep and broad for them to make.
so he took off his coat and set to work on the spot.
he urged, with a moisture that was not of business shining on his cheek.
i would fain keep sober always; and there are infinite degrees of drunkenness.
my dear, returned mr. micawber with sudden seriousness, i have no desire to answer for others.
you wouldnt relapse, if you were going out?
but when the ideas are hazy, when the writer does not know exactly what he wishes to do and what impression he wishes to make--then the process of creation is anything but pleasant.
a secondary desire, derived from a false judgment as to a primary desire, has its own power of influencing action, and is therefore a real desire according to our definition.
give me the poverty that enjoys true wealth.
as a salesman, probably he gave much attention to the approach and argument with which he gained his customer's attention and confidence.
but ill tell you what you can do, miss trotwood.
the scales will fall from his eyes, the shackles will be torn from his limbs--he will leap up with a cry of thankfulness, he will stride forth a free man at last!
by an ingenious device the same trough is made to feed three or four machines at one time.
so now, as an infallible way of making little ease great ease, i began to contract a quantity of debt.
there was no reason for alarm; it was only a sprain, caused by her mistress' catching the animal by the leg when she was giving her a bath.
so, in the brewery itself,by which i mean the large paved lofty place in which they used to make the beer, and where the brewing utensils still were.
mr. jaggers had looked on at this, as one who recognized in joe the village idiot, and in me his keeper.
when they were all gone, and when trabb and his menbut not his boy; i looked for himhad crammed their mummery into bags, and were gone too, the house felt wholesomer.
one day a little later, when mrs. knefler's campaign was beginning to take form, a representative of e.j.
you may even tread on them, or have your eyes on them for a minute, without discovering them.
v. the wine-shop a large cask of wine had been dropped and broken, in the street.
the distinction is one of degree, not of kind.
this spot and these beautiful works upon it ought to be kept together by the nation, after my sons time, for the peoples enjoyment.
i exist, and my room exists; but does 'in' exist?
in the roaring and raging of the conflagration, a red-hot wind, driving straight from the infernal regions, seemed to be blowing the edifice away.
theers the very locker that you used to sit on, long with emly!
as soon as we pass beyond the simple case of question and answer, the definition of knowledge by means of behaviour demands the consideration of purpose.
and this method, like the other two, fights against superficiality.
gentlemen, and madam, said mr. micawber, good morning!
the writer has the chance to stumble, by the way, on something pleasing, something interesting, something encouraging, were it only to a single reader.
i have too good a memory to make that necessary.
this, however, is only true with great limitations.
our little air is swamped and dwarfed among hardly relevant orchestration; our little passionate story drowns in a deep sea of descriptive eloquence or slipshod talk.
i might illustrate it by the relation of uncle and nephew a man becomes an uncle through no effort of his own, merely through an occurrence elsewhere.
men of almost every degree of wit called on me in the migrating season.
in this house, and with this family, i passed my leisure time.
i considered mr. pumblechook wretched company.
to this little passage of arms the rest of the company sat as spectators.
its better for me to be stupid than uncomfortable, isnt it?
now i do not propose at present to enter upon a technical examination of this philosophy.
in proper names, particularly, it is felt to impart a certain distinction to the appellation, lifting it far above the grade of low associations.
and we in cockspur street raised a mighty cheer.
she was quite overcome, i am afraid, said mr. dick, with great commiseration.
better paint your house your own complexion; let it turn pale or blush for you.
doctors commons was approached by a little low archway.
a cloggy sensation of the lukewarm fat of meat is upon me (we dined an hour or two ago), and my head is as heavy as so much lead.
the school colors are the woodsy ones of brown and green, and the working garb is carried out in these colors.
among those people, racked by three years of strain and suffering, there probably was not one who had not lost some one dear to them.
likewise in civil-law countries the enforcing machinery is modern and adequate.
he had not asked the prisoner to take the handy fellow as an act of charity--never thought of such a thing.
they are but improved means to an unimproved end, an end which it was already but too easy to arrive at; as railroads lead to boston or new york.
we are both so young, sir,-- you are right, interrupted mr. spenlow, nodding his head a great many times, and frowning very much, you are both very young.
we may give others a preference over him in optional good offices, except those which tend to his improvement.
i was swallowed up in an abyss of love in an instant.
i had in vain tried everything producible that began with a t, from tar to toast and tub.
by all means use your own letterheads, but do not let your printer embellish them with cuts of roosters, chickens, pigs, or the like.
the strict law sought to leave nothing to the judge beyond seeing whether the letter had been complied with.
the idea occurred to him when he had gone over to a distant island and was watching the building of houses.
as he had scarcely seen my three companions until now,for he and i had walked together,he stood on the hearth-rug, after ringing the bell, and took a searching look at them.
its former pleasant air of occupation was gone, and the shutters were half closed.
he had now no home to go to; he had no affection left in his life--only the pitiful mockery of it in the camaraderie of vice.
i casually mentioned to miss trotwood, when i had the pleasure of an interview with her the other day,--with another inclination of his body--punch again--that there was a vacancy here.
to justify that, the conduct from which it is desired to deter him must be calculated to produce evil to some one else.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
you are good enough to say so, as a fashion of speech; but, i don't mean any fashion of speech.
adams had been a cotton operative in fall river, and the continued depression in the industry had worn him and his family out, and he had emigrated to south carolina.
said mr. micawber, after the first salutations, you are friends in need, and friends indeed.
you do not, however, need to have a sheet of paper littered up with pictures of imaginary animals in order to convince your customer that you are selling the meats of that animal.
it died upon my lips, and from that hour till now has never passed them.
i put my light out, and crept into bed; and it was an uneasy bed now, and i never slept the old sound sleep in it any more.
ona might have married and left them, but she would not, for she loved teta elzbieta.
this is our sitting-room,just such chairs and tables and carpet and so forth, you see, as they could spare from home.
as she looked at it, and drew in her head again, murmuring, wretches!
i mentioned to mr. pumblechook that i wished to have my new clothes sent to his house, and he was ecstatic on my so distinguishing him.
i shall get a horse, and ride over tomorrow morning, aunt, unless you will go with me?
she came to know all sorts and conditions of men; charley o'brien, the traffic cop, was one of her best friends.
how will the remaining portion of the community like to have the amusements that shall be permitted to them regulated by the religious and moral sentiments of the stricter calvinists and methodists?
nol, in the interests of hegel, maintains that the first two arguments refute infinite divisibility, while the next two refute indivisibles.
for this purpose, let us again consider the penny which appears in many perspectives.
physiological changes also alter the appearances of things.
it never did run out, however, but was brought to a premature end, as i proceed to relate.
there's a button here, ole sport, said master freddie.
if it was morally obligatory that one adhere to a pact, then it must be treated as a contract.
jurgis listened in silence, with his great black eyebrows knitted.
suppose you have been jilted in a way which wounds your vanity.
if he had the least idea how i adored his mistress, well he might!
the echoes rarely answered to the actual tread of sydney carton.
when i come nigh and looked in through the glass, i see the faithful creetur missis gummidge sittin by the fire, as we had fixed upon, alone.
that mean, fawning fellow, worm himself into such promotion!
the light in the passage was obscured for a moment, and my aunt came out.
farmers are looking to the farm bureau for help in the cleaning and repairing of some sixty drainage ditches constructed in the past under the county-commissioner plan.
besides, said mr. pumblechook, turning sharp on me, think what youve got to be grateful for.
we shook hands, and he looked hard at me as long as he could see me.
he had taken it up, and was stooping to work again, when his eyes caught the skirt of her dress.
that is to say, supposing i had had no expectations, and yet had had estella to think of, i could not make out to my satisfaction that i should have done much better.
and we stood still, our eyes upon the wire.
besides, there was a still more terrible standing invitation to call at every one of these houses, and company expected about these times.
what did that fellow orlick say to me, pip?
i worked early and late, patiently and hard.
boswell does not record that there was any further conversation before the announcement of dinner.
but he had repressions--(an excellent thing to have, brothers.
the night was so very sultry, that although they sat with doors and windows open, they were overpowered by heat.
in certain respects, the views which i shall be setting forth approximate to materialism; in certain others, they approximate to its opposite.
the silver powder has fallen on the ice, just enough to cover earlier tracings and leave me a fresh plate to etch with grapevines and arabesques.
look to the right, and youll see a flat country, with a good deal of marsh in it; look to the left, and youll see the same.
yet a single glass of its water held up to the light is as colorless as an equal quantity of air.
that i will, and readily, said mr. lorry, if it is not dangerous.
it is a tone of fervent admiration, true homage, and deep love, doctor manette!
even mahomet, though many may scream at his name, had a good deal more to live for, aye, and to die for, than they have commonly.
our visit astonished him, evidently; not the less, i dare say, because it astonished ourselves.
when this horrible din had lasted a certain time, it mechanically awoke mr. wopsles great-aunt, who staggered at a boy fortuitously, and pulled his ears.
the officer wrote until he had finished, read over to himself what he had written, sanded it, and handed it to defarge, with the words in secret.
the sense-datum, as the mark of some physical object.
they suppose that when wishes are repressed they are repressed into the 'unconscious,' and that this mysterious censor stands at the trapdoor lying between the conscious and the unconscious.
i was disconcerted, for i had broken away without quite seeing where i was going to.
she wears a white shirtwaist, which represents, perhaps, half a week's labor painting cans.
my cousin annie did say, when we talked of it, that she liked to have her friends within reach rather than to have them banished, and the old doctor-- doctor strong, was that?
among the objects, as we saw in considering 'othello believes that desdemona loves cassio', one must be a relation--in this instance, the relation 'loving'.
the character inherent in the american people has done all that has been accomplished; and it would have done somewhat more, if the government had not sometimes got in its way.
i want, i replied, to speak to her, if you please.
danl, id better go into the house, and die and be a riddance!
to a musket that broke in a crisis he always attributed the death of his only brother, and upon worthless blankets he blamed all the agonies of his own old age.
i consented, and he was fervent, and then sat down again.
you will please consider me your guardian.
when i seemed to have been dozing a long while, the master at salem house unscrewed his flute into the three pieces, put them up as before, and took me away.
the mowld o the churchyard dont hold any that the folk shrink away from, more.
but he knowed orlick, and orlicks in the county jail.
if you're a religious woman, give me a irreligious one!
the life of man is a long march through the night, surrounded by invisible foes, tortured by weariness and pain, towards a goal that few can hope to reach, and where none may tarry long.
but when they came to the town of beauvais--which they did at eventide, when the streets were filled with people--he could not conceal from himself that the aspect of affairs was very alarming.
a great event in my life, the turning point of my life, now opens on my view.
on an average night sixty thousand persons--a community equal in size to johnstown, pennsylvania, or south bend, indiana--sleep within its cars.
and they were all filled--so many cattle no one had ever dreamed existed in the world.
someone, trotwood, said agnes, laughing, and holding up her finger.
if i once shook the foundations of the sacred confidence and usage, in virtue of which it was given to me, it was lost, and could never be recovered.
she planned a campaign that no other st. louis woman in her class would have had the courage to tackle.
how often has it happened that years of precious time have been given to a problem already solved or shown to be insoluble, because of the ignorance of what had been done elsewhere.
i hastened to put myself between them, and to assure her that we would all take care that he should make the utmost restitution of everything he had wrongly got.
then why, my love, said my aunt, looking earnestly at me, why do you think i prefer to sit upon this property of mine tonight?
i look back, once more--for the last time--before i close these leaves.
is probably the best thing joyce kilmer ever wrote, and shows the vein of real tenderness and insight that lay beneath his lively and versatile career on grub street.
my dear steerforth, cried i, i began to think i should never see you again!
this book often sounds oddly like a translation from vigorous greek--e.g., herodotus.
moreover it is excellent, i am told, for the complexion.
these best teachers climb beyond teaching to the plane of art; it is themselves, and what is best in themselves, that they communicate.
i willingly obey the orders of my chief, said the vengeance with alacrity, and kissing her cheek.
mr. lorry saw that they understood one another, and proceeded.
it is the writing that both convinces and moves us that is lasting, that is really powerful.
the religion and civilization which are barbaric and heathenish build splendid temples; but what you might call christianity does not.
on the features which distinguish knowledge from accuracy of response in general, not much can be said from a behaviourist point of view without referring to purpose.
then there is jadvyga marcinkus, who is also beautiful, but humble.
that was at the rate of ten and one-half dollars a week, or forty-five a month.
then, of course, it was impossible for any one to get to work with dry feet; and this was bad for men that were poorly clad and shod, and still worse for women and children.
it must be recognized that lawmaking and adjudication are not in fact determined precisely by a weighing of interests.
they were beaten; they had lost the game, they were swept aside.
there was a great steam power plant and an electricity plant.
yesterday the salesman of technical apparatus sought the customer with a catalogue and a smile--and a large ignorance of the technical problems.
marquis is a true philosopher and wit, his humor adorns a rich and mellow gravity.
said the doctor,--which he had always made a very grave appeal to the honour of us boys.
it is obvious that if we are asked why we believe that the sun will rise to-morrow, we shall naturally answer 'because it always has risen every day'.
i went all round it; round by the corner where herbert and i had fought our battle; round by the paths where estella and i had walked.
the castle which conservatism is set to defend is the actual state of things, good and bad.
they are grouped about an almost overpowering mass of blooms.
the position appeared by no means to please him, however, with an increasing rabble surrounding the coach, deriding him, making grimaces at him, and incessantly groaning and calling out: yah!
in sane moments we regard only the facts, the case that is.
with paper and presses brought to such simplification, newspapers have sprouted in every town, almost every village, and the total number of american periodicals is counted by tens of thousands.
my aunt was a tall, hard-featured lady, but by no means ill-looking.
there are, however, precisely the same kinds of reasons for regarding it as probable that they all have causes as there are in the case of physical events.
there is, of course, a difference between knowing the temporal relation of a remembered event to the present, and knowing the time-order of two remembered events.
these measures, advisable to be taken in any case, mr. lorry took in the hope of his coming to himself.
but we held our own without any appearance of molestation.
she was then just abreast of the rotted bride-cake.
who knows what sort of seventeen-year locust will next come out of the ground?
i know i have not the thankful heart, sometimes, i ought to have!
but i must say this, for the good creetur, he resumed, wiping his face, when we were quite exhausted; she has been all she said shed be to us, and more.
bad taste, said herbert, laughing, but a fact.
and never believe me on mine, if pip shant make a gentleman on you!
i saw him through the window, seizing his horses mane, and mounting in his blundering brutal manner, and sidling and backing away.
the bees do not know they are found out and that the game is in our hands, and are as oblivious of our presence as if we were ants or crickets.
we must get on by degrees, but we have begun.
would you be so good as look arter her, mawther, for a minute?
if an irishman comes to london to make his fortune, he has a half-dozen of irish dependants who take a percentage of his earnings.
it was too much for one of the women.
gradually i slipped from the chair and lay on the floor.
the compulsion of the thing, or the appeal of the phrase--which?
i can put my hand out, to do any little helpful work for her that my hand can find to do, without that.
jurgis was half-crazed with bewilderment and fright.
such address and intelligence as i chance to possess, said mr. micawber, boastfully disparaging himself, with the old genteel air, will be devoted to my friend heeps service.
this struggle for existence by the congenital neuropath or the educationally unfit forces many to the use, and then to the abuse, of stimulants and excitants, and herein we have another important exciting cause.
if youll have the goodness to keep my secret, master copperfield, he pursued, and not, in general, to go against me, i shall take it as a particular favour.
the doctor grasped his hand, and murmured, that was very kind.
then jurgis started back, rushing at the man again in the middle of the room.
but most subjects are not thus aloof; even the report about shingles becomes of vast significance to the owner of extensive timber lands which are suddenly found to be of high value.
we silently observed him as he sat, still looking at the fire.
he enclosed it in a case, through which its axles projected, and at each side of the car he built stout brackets reaching forth a few inches below each end of the axle.
as he passed out, the jury, who had turned back and paused a moment, spoke, through their foreman.
whatever my fortunes might have been, i could scarcely have recalled my sister with much tenderness.
because he has lived so long, locked up, that he would be frightened--rave--tear himself to pieces--die--come to i know not what harm--if his door was left open.
none of these sequences are theoretically invariable, since something may intervene to disturb them.
what name would it be as i should write up now, if there was a tilt here?
do normal school and university graduates continue teaching long enough to make adequate return for the money invested in their training?
that didnt answer very well; and then i began to state cases for them, and make abstracts, and that sort of work.
contrary to what one would have expected, all this radicalism did not hurt the hotel business; the radicals flocked to it, and the commercial travelers all found it diverting.
i bade good night to mr. omer, and to mr. and mrs. joram; and directed my steps thither, with a solemn feeling, which made mr. barkis quite a new and different creature.
to leave this metropolis, said mr. micawber, and my friend mr. thomas traddles, without acquitting myself of the pecuniary part of this obligation, would weigh upon my mind to an insupportable extent.
if not, what other standards would you suggest?
but there are plenty of people anywhere, wholl do that for you.
try how wicked you can be: it is precisely the same experiment as trying how good you can be.
who shall treat of our vast irrigation projects, which turn the deserts into fair gardens and give food to millions of people, without firing the imagination?
i tell it, fur you to know as that there hunted dunghill dog wot you kep life in, got his head so high that he could make a gentleman,and, pip, youre him!
one could not acquire them so as to maintain a private action for them.
well, old chap, said joe, it do appear that she had settled the most of it, which i meantersay tied it up, on miss estella.
of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.
to my thinking, there was something in him that made it hopeless to attempt to disguise him.
i particularly noticed that she had a very quick, bright eye.
jurgis was told that they also fixed the price they would pay for beef on the hoof and the price of all dressed meat in the country; but that was something he did not understand or care about.
such as it is, it is obtained through acquaintance with the sense-data that make up the appearance of the table.
was the cry most taken up by the sea that rushed in, as if there were an eternity of people, as well as of time and space.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
railroad men from all parts of the world have seen his model; but he has not been ardent in the hunt for customers.
uriah, with his long hands slowly twining over one another, made a ghastly writhe from the waist upwards, to express his concurrence in this estimation of me.
i was not made the less so by my sense of being daily more and more shut out and alienated from my mother.
he cannot be kept in his present state of suspense.
i shall divide the discussion into four parts: i.
at the end there were three days that they were alone, before it was found out that the father was dead.
and again, for anything i knew, the proffered information might have some important bearing on the flight itself.
mr. lorry, look once more upon the prisoner.
physics started from the common-sense belief in fairly permanent and fairly rigid bodies--tables and chairs, stones, mountains, the earth and moon and sun.
but the business of a college is not to fit a boy for the world, but to fit him to mould the world to his ideal.
i cant be buyer and seller too, said mr. dolloby.
shes so much attached to her father, master copperfield (oh, what a lovely thing it is in a daughter!
she responded, first by much talk, much consultation with solange, and finally by going to one of the shelves that held the pans and taking down some paper-covered books.
i explained that i was waiting to meet somebody who was coming up by coach, and i inquired after the castle and the aged.
i shall be reminded what a tragedy of misconception and misconduct man at large presents: of organized injustice, cowardly violence, and treacherous crime; and of the damning imperfections of the best.
although a little shy at first, she soon forgot herself in her eagerness to relate miss antin's experiences.
yes--come 'long--we're home--it ever so--hic--humble!
we have seen that it is possible, without absurdity, to doubt whether there is a table at all, whereas it is not possible to doubt the sense-data.
there is an antipathy between us-- an old one, i believe?
his corn is no longer in the milk; it has grown hard, and we that read have grown hard too.
we have here two interrelated elements, namely the content and the expectation.
but disinterested benevolence can find other instruments to persuade people to their good, than whips and scourges, either of the literal or the metaphorical sort.
im a-going to carry it away with me, last of all.
although it was a warm day, she seemed to think of nothing but the fire.
this was one dollar a week, and for four more he got his food in a boardinghouse near his work.
the time came, without bringing with it any relief to my feelings, and the company came.
the power of compelling others into it, is not only inconsistent with the freedom and development of all the rest, but corrupting to the strong man himself.
the last wrist was much disfigured,deeply scarred and scarred across and across.
before going further, it will be well to give illustrations of different classes of mnemic phenomena.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
he had had it conveyed to him, in an accidental touch of his wife's elbow as she knitted and warbled, that he would do best to answer, but always with brevity.
before that unjust tribunal, there was little or no order of procedure, ensuring to any accused person any reasonable hearing.
the first is the prevailing theory among civilians.
moths, and all sorts of ugly creatures, replied estella, with a glance towards him, hover about a lighted candle.
there was something awful in his unconsciousness of the figure that could have put out its hand and touched him as he stooped over his labour.
and sarahs here--the one i mentioned to you as having something the matter with her spine, you know.
he had stood over the distressed b while he was making an inventory of his resources.
in the preceding lecture i dealt in outline with the physical side of this problem.
this course i decided on while i was yet groping about in the darkness for the means of getting a light.
now it chanced that this car line was owned by gentlemen who were trying to make money.
and to think that there isn't a single streak of lightning in any play on the boards this year!
there is always plenty, herbert, said i, to say something encouraging.
the social problem is to reconcile conflicting free wills of conscious individuals independently asserting their wills in the varying activities of life.
sometimes this movement consists in uttering words.
if i am acquainted with a thing which exists, my acquaintance gives me the knowledge that it exists.
it was a study in colors now, this smoke; in the sunset light it was black and brown and gray and purple.
all of us welcome practical suggestions, tactfully given, that can be applied to our own activities.
the meaning of one of these words differs very fundamentally from the meaning of one of any of our previous classes, being more abstract and logically simpler than any of them.
it is precise even if it is false, provided some very definite occurrence would have been required to make it true.
my sister looked at pumblechook: who smoothed the elbows of his wooden arm-chair, and nodded at her and at the fire, as if he had known all about it beforehand.
it seems that i am not sufficiently literary.
the children waited outside in the reception room, standing in a line, grinning self-consciously, while the women followed daisy into the examination room.
i could answer this inquiry with a better heart than i had been able to find for the other question, and i said i was quite willing.
we have already gone far on a course that leads to the coming of a toothless age in future generations.
it was, to conceal what had occurred, from those who were going away; and to dismiss them on their voyage in happy ignorance.
however, i now wrote a comforting letter to mrs. micawber, in our joint names, and we both signed it.
mr. dick shook his head, as utterly renouncing the suggestion; and having replied a great many times, and with great confidence, no beggar, no beggar, no beggar, sir!
i knew where to look for her, now; and sure enough i found her stopping her ears again, behind the same dull old door.
we are sparing of condiments, but such as we use are the best that man has invented.
all that experience makes certain is the several spaces of the several senses, correlated by empirically discovered laws.
speaking of thunderstorms, i am afraid of them.
and then they both stared at me, and i, with an obtrusive show of artlessness on my countenance, stared at them, and plaited the right leg of my trousers with my right hand.
hence the former called for freedom of contract and should have called for wide general enforcement of promises.
she had an affectionate and gentle heart, he said; and it was broken.
she came on a visit of a fortnight to the doctors.
unless, on the other hand, the introduction is an organic part of the article, it fails of its purpose.
i believe you, my pet, replied miss mowcher.
not a word was spoken when we first went in; and the dutch clock by the dresser seemed, in the silence, to tick twice as loud as usual.
and when i lost her, agnes, what should i have been without you, still!
a recent memory has, usually, more context than a more distant one.
it is evening; and i sit in the same chair, by the same bed, with the same face turned towards me.
gradually the service improved until now i have no trouble at all.
he asked me if i felt sure that i was as well as in the morning?
his inacquaintance with english poetry, however, did not embarrass him, when, two years after bringing out his sicilian authoress, he cleared up the mysteries of shakespeare's sonnets.
if a ships cook that was turning settler, masr davy, didnt make offers fur to marry missis gummidge, im gormed--and i cant say no fairer than that!
if a second plunging is necessary, allow the first coating to become thoroughly crystalized before dipping them again.
his mind was so full of the others, that he never once thought of him.
how the interests fought to keep them pliable; how st. louis and missouri became a world scandal in this steady growth to riches, we all know.
i shall still be waiting--there is nothing else that i can do.
at the beginning of a stimulus we have a sensation; then a gradual transition; and at the end an image.
it would surpass the powers of a well man nowadays to take up his bed and walk, and i should certainly advise a sick one to lay down his bed and run.
for our purposes, therefore, it will be convenient to ignore the bare possibility that there may be non-inductive non-reflexive numbers, since all known numbers are either inductive or reflexive.
nowadays no one sees a flash when a tyre bursts.
perhaps the reservoir of your vital forces is full to the overflow of a little waste; or perhaps, more subtly, the great mother insists thus that you enter the temple of her larger mysteries.
it will soon be forgotten, in these days of stoves, that we used to roast potatoes in the ashes, after the indian fashion.
i was not long in recollecting mrs. steerforths little parlour-maid, who had formerly worn blue ribbons in her cap.
i came to see if maybe you could get me a place during the strike, the other replied.
i have done such a thing since in later life, or i am mistaken.
said my aunt, smoothing her dress, how soon it might come between us, or how unhappy i might make our little blossom, if i meddled in anything, a prophet couldnt say.
you are not so old, jip, are you, that youll leave your mistress yet?
they make a plaything of me, use me for their amusement, throw me away when they are tired, and wonder that i feel more than a toy horse or a wooden soldier!
i like to believe that this was the poet's last work, that he wrote it in his home in stratford, walking day by day in the fields which had taught his boyhood to love rural england.
i should have tried to find out what nature and accident really had made me, and to be that, and nothing else.
my heart failed me when i saw him squaring at me with every demonstration of mechanical nicety, and eyeing my anatomy as if he were minutely choosing his bone.
publications edited in this way buy few if any articles from outsiders.
they live only two blocks away, and jurgis does not care about the carriage.
this was the time for wemmick to produce a little kettle, a tray of glasses, and a black bottle with a porcelain-topped cork, representing some clerical dignitary of a rubicund and social aspect.
in this country there is a growing demand for supervisors of home and school gardens, for work on plantations and model farms, and for landscape gardeners.
the beings we are imagining would easily come to know the causal connections of volitions, and therefore their volitions would be better calculated to satisfy their desires than ours are.
so she stays, and the longer she stays, the more in debt she gets.
our spontaneous, unsophisticated beliefs, whether as to ourselves or as to the outer world, are always extremely rash and very liable to error.
mr. peggotty stopping for us to join him: we did so, and said no more.
sermuchser, that when emly went that way, she always giv emly flowers.
we hung two pictures securely upon the uprights of the skeleton.
we went on, without thought, without care, with nothing to feel save the song of our body.
we are thus driven back, by the logical necessities of the case, to the conception of instants without duration, or at any rate without any duration which even the most delicate instruments can reveal.
the victorian lies very close below the surface in every man.
the logical analysis we have been considering provides the apparatus for dealing with the various hypotheses, and the empirical decision between them is a problem for the psychologist.
but at an expense of threepence i soon refreshed myself completely; and, being in better spirits then, limped seven miles upon my road.
and thus, in the gloom and death of the night, we stared at one another.
i told you--you thought i was at the factory.
i had arranged the visit, beforehand, with miss lavinia; and agnes was expected to tea.
a horseman who should dismount to pick up a bauble would be childish; o. henry picks it up without dismounting.
he was so deadly pale--which had not been the case when they went in together--that no vestige of colour was to be seen in his face.
ive been fur, and weve heerd little; but ill tell you!
unless the significance of statistics can be quickly grasped, they are almost valueless as a means of explanation.
one really cannot sing during the speeches; so as a rule i draw.
with an exclamation of impatience, but with his unchangeable face, monseigneur looked out.
then be so kind, urged miss manette, as to leave us here.
as a matter of fact the production of bottles in bulk is one of the most important features of the glass industry of this country today.
this makes it a cause for congratulation that by modern methods a very few men can do the painfully necessary work of head-cracking for the whole of the cultured world.
now let us be lashed for it, if we must.
you cant think how it elevates him in my opinion, to know for certain that hes really conscientious!
he was looking her fairly in the face, and he could read the sudden fear and wild uncertainty that leaped into her eyes.
the trimmings around the windows had been red, and now they were green!
informal analysis is not only less complete, but also less strict in adherence to pure analysis alone.
creeds and laws come to be regarded as applications to human conduct of eternal and immutable principles of good and evil; and breakers of the law are abhorred as sacrilegious scoundrels to whom nothing is sacred.
enough love might have been wrung out of me, metaphorically speaking, to drown anybody in; and yet there would have remained enough within me, and all over me, to pervade my entire existence.
said the man with the wooden leg, repeating the gesture.
they had only sundays, and then they were too tired to walk.
in the first place, be sure of your attitude, that it is fair and sincere, that it is honest and as unprejudiced as possible.
i says to myself, if i aint a gentleman, nor yet aint got no learning, im the owner of such.
as the comparison in a metaphor is implied rather than expressed, the points of likeness may not immediately be evident to the reader and thus the figurative statement piques his curiosity.
a disappointment mr. attorney-general had to inform the jury, that the prisoner before them, though young in years, was old in the treasonable practices which claimed the forfeit of his life.
he stopped and shook his head, and went on with a sigh.
it is necessary, therefore, to link the events of his life to the current of his times, to fit him into the background against which his life was played.
a sudden and horrible spasm of fear had come over him.
said mr. dick, taking snuff from a round box on the table, and laughing heartily.
it was the most startling literary discovery since delia bacon burst into the silent sea on which colonel fabyan of the biliteral cypher is the latest navigator.
my sobs kept waking me, for a long time; and when one very strong sob quite hoisted me up in bed, i found my mother sitting on the coverlet, and leaning over me.
even the calm and patient face of doctor strong expressed some little sense of pain, i thought, under the infliction of these compliments.
in good time they too started up strong and well, and we admitted the sharp morning air at the windows, and looked at the tide that was still flowing towards us.
but if ever they return, if ever any one of them returns, while i am alive, i am more likely than another, going about as i do, to find it out soon.
the principle will be explained in our fourth lecture, but its use may be briefly indicated in advance.
our friends were not poetical, and the sight suggested to them no metaphors of human destiny; they thought only of the wonderful efficiency of it all.
it appeared to me, on looking over the tradesmens books, as if we might have kept the basement storey paved with butter, such was the extensive scale of our consumption of that article.
our poor brother franciss death has cancelled that.
i feel thankful that i have been ill, joe, i said.
after scott we beheld the starveling storyonce, in the hands of voltaire, as abstract as a parablebegin to be pampered upon facts.
the words of the unmentionable times... what are the words which we have lost?
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
they followed him outside, to where, in the midst of a dense throng, they saw several two-horse trucks waiting, and three patrol-wagon loads of police.
because pumblechook done everything for him.
my dear manette, it is the case of an old and a prolonged shock, of great acuteness and severity to the affections, the feelings, the--the--as you express it--the mind.
she said, without being startled or surprised: the days have worn away, have they?
--that face, so full of pity, and of grief, that rain of tears, that awful mute appeal to me, that solemn hand upraised towards heaven!
it is seen in the ordinary spinning top, which stands erect in its capacity of a gyroscope revolving horizontally.
if you had waited another moment, biddy, you would have heard me say that i shall bring my clothes here in a bundle one evening,most likely on the evening before i go away.
there are terrible difficulties in the notion of probability, but we may ignore them at present.
it remains to inquire whether all the data of psychology are also data of physical science, and especially of physiology.
my poor dear handel, he replied, holding his head, i am too stunned to think.
though he knows that he has travelled it a thousand times, he cannot recognize a feature in it, but it is as strange to him as if it were a road in siberia.
but a truth about a thing is not part of the thing itself, although it must, according to the above usage, be part of the 'nature' of the thing.
so they went home, with a deadly terror gnawing at their souls; and that evening jurgis came home and heard their story, and that was the end.
with him, i came on, now riding and now walking, through the rest of yesterday and through last night.
even in regard to immediate data, this is no reason for denying that there is a difference.
and the sacrifice of certainty in so doing is more apparent than actual.
it was not for long, however; for a month or two later a dreadful calamity fell upon marija.
i said the housekeeping was not comfortable!
it is true, said defarge, who was kneeling to look on and hear.
the woods ring again, and yet no fox bursts forth on to the open level of the pond, nor following pack pursuing their acton.
if, for example, i read a certain poem many times, my experience on each occasion is modified by the previous readings, and my emotions are never repeated exactly.
previously jurgis had scouted this idea, but now knit his brows and nodded his head slowly--yes, perhaps it would be best; they would all have to make some sacrifices now.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
i had done so, and was looking along the desolate garden walk, when i beheld a solitary figure in it.
of the mother who sews by candlelight in her tenement garret, weary and weeping, smitten with the mortal hunger of her babes!
it was in the latter part of july, when jurgis was in missouri, that he came upon the harvest work.
i saw a double meaning, then, in mr. wickfields scrutiny of me.
her eyes did not reach to the level of the magistrate's desk.
but try, try--not for my sake, but for uncles goodness, try to let your heart soften to me, only for a little little time!
you will wait and see papa, said agnes, cheerfully, and pass the day with us?
thus the infinite divisibility of space gives no ground for denying that space is composed of points.
philosophic contemplation, when it is unalloyed, does not aim at proving that the rest of the universe is akin to man.
and he followed into a large dark room, at a distance.
i found that mrs. heep gradually got nearer to me, and that uriah gradually got opposite to me, and that they respectfully plied me with the choicest of the eatables on the table.
and least of all can you condemn an artist pursuing, however humbly and imperfectly, a creative aim.
economy is a subject which admits of being treated with levity, but it cannot so be disposed of.
i informed wemmick that i was anxious in behalf of herbert pocket, and i told him how we had first met, and how we had fought.
and he stood by and saw another man put into his place, and then picked up his coat, and walked off, doing all that he could to keep from breaking down and crying like a baby.
but so fixed were my eyes on the goal of success, i scarcely realized the mystery of motherhood.
so i turned my back on him and wondered why such a large and brilliant dinner was given for such a dull and uninteresting philistine!
perhaps the summertime suggests to you thoughts of the country, visions of green fields and mountains and sparkling lakes.
mr. carton's manner was so careless as to be almost insolent.
as you certainly would be, in any contract you should make for yourself.
and thus the mass of the people were always in a life-and-death struggle with poverty.
thus trabbs boy became their guide, and with him they went out to the sluice-house, though by the town way to the marshes, which i had avoided.
it might be that from their nature they could only be used, not owned, and from their nature they were adapted to general use.
it's forty years since i heard a hymn sung in a kitchen, and it was my mother, god rest her, that sang them.
i think he knows it, though he pretends he dont.
are the general statements that serve as background true?
white pond and walden are great crystals on the surface of the earth, lakes of light.
in vacuo, the parts are regular, and can be derived from the (imaginary) root according to the laws of grammar, i.e.
so the school and the rule book do not hesitate at details.
my wonder is, that you are not in earnest yourself, by this time, agnes.
i discovered many a site for a house not likely to be soon improved, which some might have thought too far from the village, but to my eyes the village was too far from it.
the work in this subject has been done by mathematicians, and its results can be expressed in mathematical symbolism.
it is my will which chooses, and the choice of my will is the only edict i must respect.
a bar of iron a foot long can be cut right down the center in fifty seconds.
he was there to represent spectatordom, and help make this seemingly insignificant event one with the removal of the gods of troy.
so, at six oclock that evening, which was one of the early office evenings, i announced myself as ready, to uriah.
it was saturday morning, and i went straight to the commons.
when it consists of a relation between two things, it has three constituents, the things and the relation.
when macbeth realizes that he is doomed to defeat, he does not shrink from the fight; he exclaims:-- lay on, macduff, and damned be he that first cries, hold, enough!
his vocation, however, is to bury himself in the minor and immediate task; and from his intent manner, he gets confounded, promptly and permanently, with the victims of commercial ambition.
it creates desires that only the article can satisfy.
whether i had come there with any lingering fancy that i was still to love little emly, i dont know.
unless we can so enlarge our interests as to include the whole outer world, we remain like a garrison in a beleagured fortress, knowing that the enemy prevents escape and that ultimate surrender is inevitable.
and i told him what i had not mentioned in my narrative, of that encounter with the other convict.
but there cant be a quarrel without two parties, and i wont be one.
chinese rugs--floral and geometric linear designs, silk colors.
finally, with a deep long sigh, he took the shoe up, and resumed his work.
the hands of the clock verging upon the hour of closing the bank, there was a general set of the current of talkers past mr. lorry's desk.
i have already said, that for my prospering there, i am sensible i may be indebted to you, sir.
a photographic plate exposed on a clear night reproduces the appearance of the portion of the sky concerned, with more or fewer stars according to the power of the telescope that is being used.
but in all cases of knowledge by description, we need some connexion of universals, enabling us, from such and such a datum, to infer an object of a certain sort as implied by our datum.
i replied at my own chambers, with herbert.
inquired that lady then--sharply, and yet as if to express that she bore him no malice.
and i walked all day to get here--and i only had a piece of bread for breakfast, jurgis.
but what exquisite memories does my mind preserve!
jurgis lost his temper very little, however, all things considered.
the first morning i reported for work at seven o'clock.
he readily consenting, i wrote to dora, saying i would bring him home.
lucas waited until the company had stopped laughing over this; then he began again: but look at it from the point of view of practical politics, comrade.
they shook hands again, and as we walked away wemmick said to me, a coiner, a very good workman.
my dear sir, to mr. dick, who shook hands with him violently, you are extremely good.
i said to pip, i knowed as i had been low.
he was a young medical student in paris twenty-two years old when david was born in england.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
it was evident to me that this was the duty assigned to her.
i remember that i thought it, in form, more like a riding-habit with the superfluous skirt cut off, than anything else.
the table trembled in the silence that followed.
he got into the shelter of a doorway and took stock of himself.
* * * * * the night court is no longer a center of general interest.
after several times falling short of my destination and as often overshooting it, i came unexpectedly round a corner, upon mill pond bank.
he was working among the theater crowds, flitting here and there, taking large chances with the police, in his desperation half hoping to be arrested.
but just as soon as labor is set free, then the price of such work will begin to rise.
i was quite heart-broken myself, and am afraid that in the first transports of wounded tenderness i called peggotty a beast.
comparatively, tattooing is not the hideous custom which it is called.
exclaimed miss mills, succouring her friend.
i took the tablets from her hand, and it trembled again, and it trembled more as she took off the chain to which the pencil was attached, and put it in mine.
***** when i returned to the bedside of the young woman, i found her raving in precisely the same order of continuity.
i walked about the streets where the best shops for ladies were, i haunted the bazaar like an unquiet spirit, i fagged through the park again and again, long after i was quite knocked up.
suppose that instead of beginning with the individual free will we begin with the wants or claims involved in civilized society--as it has been put, with the jural postulates of civilized society.
until she was sixty, or any age that could be mentioned.
closer in my arms, nearer to my heart, her trembling hand upon my shoulder, her sweet eyes shining through her tears, on mine!
none of the brute creation requires more than food and shelter.
as soon, however, as you analyze, and make definite, so soon he will receive real enlightenment.
we will not, said miss lavinia, enter on the past history of this matter.
the representative laughed, so the mosquito man spent several days explaining to him why property is more valuable when it is not infested with pests.
pray, sir, said i, may i ask you a question?
i can be happier in nothing than in your happiness.
it was more money than jurgis had ever seen in his life before, and he stared at it with startled eyes.
when it simply assigns a quality to a thing, it has only two constituents, the thing and the quality.
the phantom that my mind pursued, was another and more real child.
no, sir, he said, shaking his head, all thats past and over with me, sir.
which pa, having been in the purser line of life, lies a-bed in a bow-window where he can see the ships sail up and down the river.
when a point or an instant is defined as a class of sensible qualities, the first impression produced is likely to be one of wild and wilful paradox.
in the hallway--at night--after every one had gone.
the reaction produced by repeated pricking contains both these elements; for it evokes that sensory quality known as pain, accompanied by a disagreeable feeling-tone, which we have called discomfort.
jacques, said defarge; judiciously show a cat milk, if you wish her to thirst for it.
and then the chat is thoroughly personal, we feel no grim duty, but only the quiet pleasure of uttering whatever we may think or feel, about things in which we find our personal interests aroused.
i have loved you ever since i first saw you in this house.
i had not seen mr. wemmick for some weeks, when i thought i would write him a note and propose to go home with him on a certain evening.
at present, you may buy your food, and nothing more.
when i told the clerk that i would take a turn in the air while i waited, he advised me to go round the corner and i should come into smithfield.
by the painful gropings of the untutored mind, by the feeble stammerings of the uncultured voice!
for the most part, the industries that employed children were seasonal; and many boys and girls were forced into long periods of inactivity between positions.
and now, with this last hideous injustice, its time had come, and it had turned them out bag and baggage, and taken their house and sold it again!
is that confidence to be imparted to me soon?
but for very shame, and the fear that it might displease him, i could have held him round the neck and cried.
* this phrase is in need of interpretation, as appears from the analysis of desire.
the fact is, my dear, i began, there is contagion in us.
men say that a stitch in time saves nine, and so they take a thousand stitches to-day to save nine to-morrow.
n--no, said the farmer; i couldn't keep ye after november--i ain't got a big enough place for that.
sometimes i draw two men facing each other, but the one facing east is always a dud.
i had been afraid until then to say a word about the play.
of course i was in love with little emly.
mr. micawber is a man of great talent, master copperfield.
and i assure you, sir, he said, i am extremely nervous on such occasions.
i couldnt have any other dog but jip, said dora.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
but the only things which taught us joy were the power we created in our wires, and the golden one.
that is about miss wickfields time, is it not?
at six in the morning, i was in covent garden market, buying a bouquet for dora.
he persists, too, in keeping all the provisions upstairs in his room, and serving them out.
no bureaucracy can hope to make such a people as this do or undergo anything that they do not like.
he wore a silk hat and a rich soft overcoat with a fur collar; and he smiled at jurgis with benignant sympathy.
it is worth while, however, to consider how kant came to make such an elementary blunder.
replied orlick, sending his glance all round him with an air of injury.
other lots were marked off on other parts of the structure, and the ivy had been torn down to make room for the inscriptions, and much of it trailed low in the dust and was withered already.
carl, by the way, happened to be the secretary of his class, and his popularity with dear old classmates became a nuisance in our tiny home.
he was smoother and more polite to me than the elder; but i saw this.
for what is it to imagine a winged horse but to affirm that the horse [that horse, namely] has wings?
it will be seen that among the objects with which we are acquainted are not included physical objects (as opposed to sense-data), nor other people's minds.
he lets us see his show from the coulisses.
she curtseyed to him (young ladies made curtseys in those days), with a pretty desire to convey to him that she felt how much older and wiser he was than she.
a good opportunity for consideration, surrounded by the advantages of solitude, might influence your destiny to far greater advantage than you influence it for yourself.
if, at that time, i had been much with her, i should, in the weakness of my desolation, have betrayed this.
when a mans alone on these flats, with a light head and a light stomach, perishing of cold and want, he hears nothin all night, but guns firing, and voices calling.
these attitudes are not all equally ultimate.
certainly a writer cannot tell what is the truth for himself unless he expresses his ideas in the light of his own personality.
furnishings end of the room make it possible for the girls to enjoy dancing during the noon hours on three days of the week, and to have musicals on other occasions.
the pact was the substance of the transaction.
in half an hour marija was back, teta elzbieta with her, both of them breathless with running and sick with fear.
mama has been dead ever since i was born, she said, in her quiet way.
it is for this reason that i never ask a customer to return a box to me.
often they are necessary for the writer himself.
more than our settlement houses, more than our subsidized dancing-schools for shopgirls, they encourage the get-together process through which one-half the world learns how the other half lives.
it is only when for some reason specific relief is impracticable or inequitable, as in contracts of personal service, that money relief is resorted to.
now that hes got a brother, i mean, said peggotty.
i took the opportunity of her being from home, to beg to speak to you.
thus we learned their name, and we stood watching them go, till their white tunic was lost in the blue mist.
and exactly the same happens in the case of infinite collections: they may be known by their characteristics although their terms cannot be enumerated.
it would have been next to impossible to suspect him of anything wrong, he was so thoroughly respectable.
it is perhaps the play that i love best, and, because i seem to myself to know it so well, i commonly pass it over in opening the book.
i was put in irons, brought to trial again, and sent for life.
as for the shrubbery on the bank, you will soon learn these hawthorns, if only to avoid barging into them.
but we cannot hope to be acquainted directly with the quality in the physical object which makes it look blue or red.
but i certainly have been no whit offended by cider, either in divers english shires, including very specially those which burton does not include, devon, dorset, and somerset, or in normandy.
i am the agent and friend of mr. wickfield, sir, said traddles, in a composed and business-like way.
how narration with descriptive touches and conversation may be effectively used to explain a new institution like the community kitchen, or the methods of recruiting employed in the army, is shown in the two articles below.
my eyes were full, and i felt as if i were going to tumble down.
the controlling factor was that they could not stay where they were--they had to go somewhere.
he was in his working-dress, and looked rugged enough, but manly withal, and a very fit protector for the blooming little creature at his side.
once, i kiss miss shepherd in the cloak-room.
mr. micawber sat in his elbow-chair, with his eyebrows raised; half receiving and half repudiating mrs. micawbers views as they were stated, but very sensible of their foresight.
my aunt (who was busy nearly all this while with peggotty, in the inner room) would not accompany us to the place where they were staying, but insisted on my going; and i went.
i dont know all i have done, in my fatuity, said mr. wickfield, putting out his hands, as if to deprecate my condemnation.
pockets arm, exhibited a pair of knitted shoes and dimpled ankles to the company in lieu of its soft face, and was carried out in the highest state of mutiny.
two places--brown's killing beds and durham's fertilizer mill.
but among the propositions which one man finds indubitable there will be some that another man finds it quite possible to doubt.
but when the content of the applicable legal precept is discovered in these ways, the method of applying it in no way differs from that which obtains under the analytical theory.
i set out one afternoon to go a-fishing to fair-haven, through the woods, to eke out my scanty fare of vegetables.
his bright buttons, too, were of the largest size.
you are rather excited, but you are quite yourself.
my wife did, at the very moment when you came in.
that is my name.there is nothing the matter?
then, however, he realized that there was no need of haste, that he had no idea where to go.
this american government,what is it but a tradition, though a recent one, endeavoring to transmit itself unimpaired to posterity, but each instant losing some of its integrity?
as if he were absolutely out of his mind with the wonder awakened in him by her strange figure and the strange room, joe, even at this pass, persisted in addressing me.
the existence and persistence of causal laws, it is true, must be regarded as a fortunate accident, and how long it will continue we cannot tell.
now chill winds and shortening days began to warn them that the winter was coming again.
perhaps this was an agreeable excitement to the donkey-boys; or perhaps the more sagacious of the donkeys, understanding how the case stood, delighted with constitutional obstinacy in coming that way.
a farmer, a hunter, a soldier, a reporter, even a philosopher, may be daunted; but nothing can deter a poet, for he is actuated by pure love.
digressions are allowable, so long as safe return is made.
it was so great a change: so great a loss, i felt it, at first, said annie, still preserving the same look and tone, that i was agitated and distressed.
when two stimuli occur together, one of them, occurring afterwards, may call out the reaction for the other also.
you made mention of the young lady as a golden-haired doll.
he did not make so much, however, as he had the previous summer, for the packers took on more hands.
you must be, mr. carton, if the tale of fifty-two is to be right.
electricity (curiosity; fearsome thing; utility).
it was one of those march days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
after a single combat of some duration they returned, and i saw, to my joy, both in mrs. crupps countenance and in my aunts, that the deed was done.
then, what submission, what cringing and fawning, what servility, what abject humiliation!
he was far more learned than any other english author in the psychology of impiety.
i am naturally no hermit, but might possibly sit out the sturdiest frequenter of the bar-room, if my business called me thither.
put an original document before him, and it might as well be arabic.
he said, looking down at her with some curiosity.
dont say any more, if you please, biddy.
avoiding forbidden ground, as you did just now, i may still say that on the constancy of one person (naming no person) all my expectations depend.
he had faced difficulties before, but they had been child's play; now there was a death struggle, and all the furies were unchained within him.
he had a badly bruised face, said i, recalling what i hardly knew i knew.
i had not an opportunity of speaking to agnes, for ten minutes.
on the morrow, before daybreak, there were three thousand at durham's, and the police reserves had to be sent for to quell the riot.
i asked her if that were not our destination?
it is possible, said the uncle, with great calmness.
she pressed a button, and a colored woman came to the door and took her order.
it was not to be stirred, however, and when the woman shouted up to unhook it, he answered: it's already unhooked.
there was no higher praise for her; no higher reproach for me.
except for times when there were guests for dinner she was through her work by eight.
the position of the ship is over-menacing to any approach.
thus you will consider both the reader's ease and his prejudices.
dissatisfied with my fortune, of course i could not be; but it is possible that i may have been, without quite knowing it, dissatisfied with myself.
to argue that the tree itself must be in our minds is like arguing that a person whom we bear in mind is himself in our minds.
i wonder, for it is hard for me to conceive how men who knew the word i could give it up and not know what they lost.
the principle of freedom cannot require that he should be free not to be free.
here, he dodged backwards and forwards, and did all sorts of things while i looked helplessly at him.
find out some respectable woman with a little property--somebody in the landlady way, or lodging-letting way--and marry her, against a rainy day.
we are in our private and personal capacities, and we have been engaged in a confidential transaction before to-day.
mused miss betsey, with her frown still bent upon the fire.
the murdered person was a woman,a woman a good ten years older, very much larger, and very much stronger.
lastly, came my lord himself, turning the suit of clothes, now inside out, now outside in, but on the whole decidedly trimming and shaping them into grave-clothes for the prisoner.
mr. micawber with more shirt-collar than usual, and a new ribbon to his eye-glass; mrs. micawber with her cap in a whitey-brown paper parcel; traddles carrying the parcel, and supporting mrs. micawber on his arm.
at first we thought of curtains, but the high winds which visit us made curtains impracticable.
judgment is given to men that they may use it.
i told my aunt that indeed she was mistaken.
missis, returned the gallant sergeant, speaking for myself, i should reply, the honor and pleasure of his fine wifes acquaintance; speaking for the king, i answer, a little job done.
when miss dartle spoke again, it was through her set teeth, and with a stamp upon the ground.
is there any particular and special reason for your being unable to do either?
we travelled very slowly all night, and did not get into yarmouth before nine or ten oclock in the morning.
now sometimes the task of discovering to what class your subject belongs is difficult.
and yet, wretched cripple as i made myself by this act of homage to dora, i walked miles upon miles daily in the hope of seeing her.
pledge me to the pretty witness, said stryver, holding up his glass.
i'd catch hold of your throat and choke you for half a guinea.
grammar favours this form, but philosophically it is so far from universal that it is not even very common.
as stanza after stanza of it thundered forth, he sat with his hands clasped, trembling in every nerve.
she often carried it in her hand, often refreshed herself with its fragrance.
no doubt every time the story of the grouse in the gun-room is told, there will be slight differences due to increasing habitualness, but they do not invalidate the prediction that the story will be told.
some such principle as this is required if the method of simple enumeration is to be valid.
all of which is a preface to the statement that the pullman company, like any other large user of labor, regulates its wage scale by supply and demand.
the man was in no hurry, and struck again with the flint and steel.
i was witness to events of a less peaceful character.
said miss pross, rising to break up the conference; and now we shall have hundreds of people pretty soon!
i seemed to have been dozing a whole night when the clocks struck six.
is it impossible to combine the hardiness of these savages with the intellectualness of the civilized man?
it would be too painful to her, perhaps, said i. i have thowt of that, he replied.
he likes to think of the nice part of the century's runs--the passengers who are quiet, and kind, and thoughtful, and remembering.
i know you would not mind, said agnes, coming to me, and speaking in a low voice, so full of sweet and hopeful consideration that i hear it now, the duties of a secretary.
what is claimed for it is that, when it is understood, certain characteristics of space and time, previously very hard to analyse, are found not to present any logical difficulty.
the list was read, in the vaulted chamber where darnay had seen the associated prisoners on the night of his arrival.
his eyes were set very deep in his head, and were disagreeably sharp and suspicious.
he must, that is, suppress much and omit more.
you complicate the mechanism and make that many more places for dirt and grit to clog the action.
the track-layer at work is the most fascinating piece of machinery in the building of a large railway.
again, for a space, there was no sound but his panting.
so it is here at last--the much talked of, long hoped for, community kitchen.
it should touch many a deep thing in a way to quicken the sense of the charm, wonder, and terror of the earth.
my heart goes out to the poor dear clergyman exclusively.
i aint a-going, if i know it, to run the risk of being plotted against.
well, really, said traddles, cheerfully, i must, once more, give mr. micawber high praise.
camilla presently went on (i knew they had all been looking at me in the mean time), he is so very strange!
but perhaps the worst of the consequences of this long siege was that they lost another member of their family; brother jonas disappeared.
but it makes no difference to you, you know, said biddy, calmly.
perhaps the buyers would be holding off for better prices--if they could scare the shippers into thinking that they meant to buy nothing that day, they could get their own terms.
there can be no disparity in marriage like unsuitability of mind and purpose.
going to your doctor is having such a row with your cells that you refer them to your solicitor.
he lowered the window, and looked out at the rising sun.
the light for such a book must accord with it.
it would be worth a journey (not to mention the pleasure of a journey with you, daisy), to see that sort of people together, and to make one of em.
you take it smoothly now, said i, but you were very serious last night, when you swore it was death.
first, said mr. jaggers, you should have some new clothes to come in, and they should not be working-clothes.
theres nothing like it in old paintings, nothing like it in foreign lands,unless when we were off the coast of spain.
but it is swiftly lost again in the multitudinous tossing merriment.
so that the first duty of any man who is to write is intellectual.
but this knowledge would be a fresh datum, by no means proving that the probability relatively to our previous data had been wrongly estimated.
pass from here with an air of cheerfulness and courage, for his sake.
he told her, good-naturedly, that she was young and ought to be amused and entertained, and must not allow herself to be made dull by a dull old fellow.
i asked him how long he had left gargerys forge?
anniversaries of various events, such as important discoveries and inventions, the death or birth of a personage, and significant historical occasions, may also be anticipated.
when he opened his eyes again it was to the clanging of the bell of an ambulance.
we speak of bearing a person in mind, not meaning that the person is in our minds, but that a thought of him is in our minds.
others might, if they had something in them, stand out slightly.
master freddie perceived that the attendants embarrassed him, and he remarked with a nod to them, you may go.
the bureau's books show that last year it spent five dollars in serving each member.
once, i had been taken to see some ghastly waxwork at the fair, representing i know not what impossible personage lying in state.
but, before she could repeat the question, he murmured an answer as if she had repeated it.
in pure logic, no atomic fact is ever mentioned: we confine ourselves wholly to forms, without asking ourselves what objects can fill the forms.
i asked him what he thought hams state of mind was, in reference to the cause of their misfortunes?
she looked at her watch, and it was twenty minutes past two.
but they fight at an overwhelming disadvantage,living, john field, alas!
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
for the odors of these ghastly charnel houses there may be words in lithuanian, but there are none in english.
if he had never been so happy as when the doctor read that marvellous performance, the dictionary, to him; he was now quite miserable unless the doctor pulled it out of his pocket, and began.
with a dreadful shiver, take me out of these streets, where the whole town knows me from a child!
cleverness, anyhow, is the level of mediocrity to-day; we are all too infernally clever.
i knew that every drop it held was a drop of my life.
but since the question is capable of experimental decision, it would be gratuitous rashness to offer an opinion while that decision is lacking.
it was not for himself that he suffered--what did a man who worked in durham's fertilizer mill care about anything that the world might do to him!
mowing is a thing of ample gestures, like drawing a cartoon.
we went on again, picking up shells and pebbles.
when he, too, had been of the elect, through whom the country is governed--when he had had a bung in the campaign barrel for his own!
a treaty was made solemnly between the indians and the united states that oklahoma should be theirs 'as long as the grass should grow and the waters run.'
it is not attracted by the pleasantness of the valley, as a sheep or cow might be, but propelled by the steepness of the hill at the place where it is.
and when we cleaned the yard of the home of the scholars, we gathered the glass vials, the pieces of metal, the dried bones which they had discarded.
whereas, the portable property certainly could have been saved.
experienced writers often submit an outline of an article to a magazine editor for his approval before preparing the material for publication.
we are singing because we are happy, we answered the one of the home council who reprimanded us.
looks as if it hadn't been slept in last night.
raw, naked terror possessed him, a maddening passion that would never leave him, and that wore him down more quickly than the actual want of food.
dear boy, he said, as i sat down by his bed: i thought you was late.
they would have liked to follow it up, but, alas, they had no time for adventures just then.
cried the woman, and there was another rush of the mob, women and men cursing and screaming and fighting to be first.
miss dartle placed herself in a chair, within view of the door, and looked downward, as if emily were crouching on the floor before her.
but i did mind you, pip, he returned with tender simplicity.
in cold weather we eat more, in warm less.
some facts of memory--especially of recent memory--seem to have the highest degree of certainty.
he said he should like it very much, and we went home arm in arm in great good humour and delight.
it was his only room, i saw; for there was a sofa-bedstead in it, and his blacking-brushes and blacking were among his books--on the top shelf, behind a dictionary.
the lead, by telling the reader the nature of the event, the persons and things concerned, the time, the place, the cause, and the result, answers his questions, what?
the first element which the intellect rejects in forming its ideas of things is the emotion which accompanies the perception; and this emotion is the first thing the poet restores.
are you going back those many thousand miles, so soon?
it was not only that i could have summed up years and years and years while he said a dozen words, but that what he did say presented pictures to me, and not mere words.
the really diligent student in one of the crowded hives of cambridge college is as solitary as a dervish in the desert.
no instinct of delicacy veiled the voluptuous temper which had broken out in the romps of her girlhood and showed itself almost ostentatiously throughout her later life.
i am not clear whether it was six or seven.
he has had dreadful strokes of the sun, no doubt, and jungle fevers and agues, and every kind of thing you can mention.
thus, so far as the use of points and instants is concerned, the mathematical account of motion can be freed from the charge of employing fictions.
he put them, one by one, in the breast of his inner coat, counted out the money for them, and deliberately left the shop.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
this liking for mr. burns is as characteristic of the king as his liking for france.
at the request of traddles, most affectionate and devoted of friends in my trouble, we returned to canterbury: i mean my aunt, agnes, and i.
in the room he sank into a chair, trembling like a leaf, marija still holding him, and the women staring at him in dumb, helpless fright.
what were they expecting to get out of it anyhow--what had they to do with elections, with governing the country?
i know that lady, said herbert, across the table, when the toast had been honored.
for a week after he became a convert jurgis continued to wander about all day, looking for work; until at last he met with a strange fortune.
he cried; and gave himself a jerk, like a convulsive fish.
the knowledge came upon me, not quickly, but little by little, and grain by grain.
i was prevented from disclaiming the compliment (if i should have done so, in any case), by the entrance of agnes, now ushered in by mr. micawber.
but i dont know how long the rafters may hold.
mr. chillip shook his head, stirred his negus, and sipped it.
i shouldnt mind anything that you propose, i answered, but i dont understand you.
strange and fearful is his discovery, amid the bric-a-brac of the world, that this knowledge, or this material benefit, is for him alone.
it was an unhappy life that i lived; and its one dominant anxiety, towering over all its other anxieties, like a high mountain above a range of mountains, never disappeared from my view.
we are not speaking of children, or of young persons below the age which the law may fix as that of manhood or womanhood.
it was only now that i began to tremble.
day after day he roamed about in the arctic cold, his soul filled full of bitterness and despair.
my hair had been caught by the fire, but not my head or face.
i leaned down, and her calm face was like a statues.
when i advertised for a maid at forty dollars a month with board and lodging provided, not a soul answered.
the ceremony begins again--but there are few now left to dance with, and so very soon the collection is over and promiscuous dances once more begin.
so afflicted to find that his friend has drawn a prize in the lottery of sainte guillotine?
law did not concern itself at first with agreements or breaches of agreements.
the difficulty which beset the pythagoreans in their attempts to apply numbers arose through their discovery of incommensurables, and this, in turn, arose as follows.
in the village, taxers and taxed were fast asleep.
i shall return to them at the end of this lecture.
is the analysis so incomplete as to be of slight value?
i should have loved her under any circumstances.
the sewer would cost them about twenty-two dollars, and the sidewalk fifteen if it were wood, twenty-five if it were cement.
but since our powers of discrimination among very similar sensible objects are not infinitely precise, it is quite impossible to decide between different theories which only differ in regard to what is below the margin of discrimination.
the man who does these things, who thinks these things, has true college spirit.
there must be great excitement here, sir, said mr. chillip, tapping himself on the forehead with his forefinger.
i will take care of them, under the authority i mentioned.
this is the fifth year, now, that jadvyga has been engaged to mikolas, and her heart is sick.
on the occasion of this domestic little party, i did not repeat my former extensive preparations.
there is the strength, the marrow, of nature.
doubtless he heard such pronunciations from some men.
despite these differences, however, there are a few general principles that apply to all kinds of titles and headlines for special feature articles.
do they not talk and think faster in the depot than they did in the stage-office?
alert and confident, the naval men accept the great risks of their position.
if, however, it is not a good eye, a useful tip is to give the man spectacles; this generally makes him a clergyman, but it helps the eye (fig.
have you considered my daughters station in life, the projects i may contemplate for her advancement, the testamentary intentions i may have with reference to her?
catos half-obliterated cellar hole still remains, though known to few, being concealed from the traveller by a fringe of pines.
i smoke on srub and water, myself, said mr. omer, taking up his glass, because its considered softening to the passages, by which this troublesome breath of mine gets into action.
he said, when he had sung it, he would give us woman!
men, and governments, must act to the best of their ability.
causes of the return-to-the-soil movement, origins of our dairy cattle, benefits of intensive agriculture, imported plant diseases, legumes.
he stayed there with me to dinner--if i were to say willingly, i should not half express how readily and gaily.
mr. pocket and i had for some time parted company as to our original relations, though we continued on the best terms.
i did intend to ask you to use any little opportunities you might have after i was gone, of improving dear joe.
but was i allowed to stay under the table?
among these, accordingly, much discoursing with spirits went on--and it did a world of good which never became manifest.
in the light of this criticism, write an estimate, on the standard of high moral international relations, of mr. wilson's policy toward mexico.
getting evidence together, said mr. wemmick, as we came out, for the bailey.
i perceive your tongue is, returned madame; and what the tongue is, i suppose the man is.
thus space and time appear to be infinite in extent.
while he spoke the magistrate would look at the ceiling.
we pass orders to lower away in any condition, however overcrowded.
and besides, i don't need you--there'd be nothing for you to do.
it struck me as a singular implication that you couldnt be out of a counting-house, you know, and look about you; but i silently deferred to his experience.
it does not involve a definite memory of a definite past event, but only the knowledge that something happening now is similar to something that happened before.
since bees like water, it is well to hunt along brooks and near springs.
first of all do not forget that all the charms of style of which you are capable should be summoned to your aid.
courts of equity require a common-law consideration, at least on the face of their general rule, before they will enforce a sealed contract.
his wife might be dying, his baby might be starving, his whole family might be perishing in the cold--and all the while they were ringing their christmas chimes!
jurgis went, according to directions, and gave the name of michael o'flaherty, and received an envelope, which he took around the corner and delivered to halloran, who was waiting for him in a saloon.
advice, instruction, persuasion, and avoidance by other people if thought necessary by them for their own good, are the only measures by which society can justifiably express its dislike or disapprobation of his conduct.
the children have not been home for three days, the weather has been so bad.
he passes to-day in building an air-castle for to-morrow, or in writing yesterday's elegy; and he would fly away this hour, but that a cage and necessity keep him.
i thought he would have missed its usual flavour, if it had been put there for him by any other hands.
as we have said before, he was not mistaken in this.
i am ill here, i am very ill. to think that it should come to this, when i might have known it and perhaps prevented it, if i hadnt been a thoughtless fool!
he was the only passenger who came on board in the dead of the night?
he considered it the principle of a gentleman to take things as he found them; and he had no doubt the prerogative office would last our time.
now, mr. dick, said my aunt, with her grave look, and her forefinger up as before, i am going to ask you another question.
you are dissatisfied on account of my rise in fortune, and you cant help showing it.
a physical thing consists, at each instant, of the whole set of its aspects at that instant, in all the different worlds; thus a momentary state of a thing is a whole set of aspects.
some money was enclosed in this letter also.
how the differences between different chemical elements can be accounted for by differences of physical structure, the constituents of the structure being electrons which are exactly alike in all kinds of matter.
when it is admitted that classes are not things, the question arises: what do we mean by statements which are nominally about classes?
the proofs came, they were corrected, but i heard nothing of the map.
a time of peril on the killing beds was when a steer broke loose.
thats the message, i readily undertook its transmission.
for example, magnetized steel looks just like steel which has not been magnetized, but its behaviour is in some ways different.
i bore the weight of all our little cares, and all my projects; dora held the pens; and we both felt that our shares were adjusted as the case required.
only by keeping the mind plastic and receptive does the student escape perdition.
im not afraid in this way, said little emly.
new york is the national hotbed of farm-bureau enthusiasm and propaganda.
it was to the effect that one brennan, an englishman, had conducted experiments with gyroscopes ten years ago, but the matter had gone no further.
i ask none to live for me, nor do i live for any others.
it seems that in this day and land a man who goes from new york to chicago or st. louis is generally so well paid as to make it worth dollars to him to save hours in the journey.
it was an uncomfortable consideration on a twenty-first birthday, that coming of age at all seemed hardly worth while in such a guarded and suspicious world as he made of it.
it is best, therefore, to understate conclusions or to omit them entirely.
dont get up, said steerforth (which she had already done) my dear rosa, dont!
i dont know how he should have had, for it was new enough to me.
jurgis' brain was so confused that he could not grasp the situation.
here we stand on safe and sure ground, for the qualities that make excellence in performance are all well known, and it is necessary only that the ear shall be able to detect them.
but, no hundreds of people came to see the sights, and mr. lorry looked in vain for the fulfilment of miss pross's prediction.
they have not shown how to build but have sought to satisfy men with what they had built already.
i break down before the knowledge of what i want to say to you.
i seek rather, i may say, even an excuse for conforming to the laws of the land.
one is a claim to the control of certain corporeal things, the natural media on which human existence depends.
he replied that it would give him much pleasure, and that he would expect me at the office at six oclock.
when we say that two people see the same thing, we always find that, owing to difference of point of view, there are differences, however slight, between their immediate sensible objects.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
on the other hand, since dull tools will not cut, don't slight them.
and besides, the companies were thieves, people said--had stolen all their franchises with the help of scoundrelly politicians!
but i had forgotten nothing in them, and found nothing changed, until i came to mr. omers shop.
he was afraid of this tremendous vote, which his party had not expected, and which it had not earned.
i was greatly overcome, and could only thank her, again and again, and send my love to mr. dick.
any one of these partners would have disinherited his son on the question of rebuilding tellson's.
then, i began to go out as for training and practice: sometimes alone, sometimes with herbert.
such women should breed a terrible race.
he threw out a gold coin for the valet to pick up, and all the heads craned forward that all the eyes might look down at it as it fell.
a puritan may go to his brown-bread crust with as gross an appetite as ever an alderman to his turtle.
thus when one appropriates a thing, fundamentally he manifests the majesty of his will by demonstrating that external objects that have no wills are not self-sufficient and are not ends in themselves.
while men believe in the infinite some ponds will be thought to be bottomless.
she paid these girls forty dollars apiece and provided them with room and board.
let us therefore imagine a set of beings who know the whole future with absolute certainty, and let us ask ourselves whether they could have anything that we should call free will.
in february the milky way is revealed divinely lucent to lonely peoples--herdsmen, mountaineers, fishermen, trappers--who are abroad in the starlight hours of this grave and silent time of year.
to my astonishment it was all backward, and i found myself wondering if it were a chinese feature story.
the door was unlocked and jurgis rushed in.
what yoke is so galling as the necessity of being like him?
in arranging his clothes, while travelling, he had seen similar lists to these in the prisoner's pockets, over and over again.
the spy, well used to his business, did not change his unconscious attitude, but drained his little glass of cognac, took a sip of fresh water, and asked for another glass of cognac.
few in number are the persons who will not gladly escape from humdrum routine by losing themselves in an exciting tale of adventure.
early in the morning i was out, and looking in, unseen, at one of the wooden windows of the forge.
and joram and minnie are like valentines.
the blood was pounding in his brain like an engine's throbbing; there was a frightful pain in the top of his skull, and he could hardly control his hands.
he had time to finish these letters before the lights were put out.
it is not an avocation of a remunerative description--in other words, it does not pay--and some temporary embarrassments of a pecuniary nature have been the consequence.
i felt as if, having been burnt before, it were now being boiled.
while you remember your subject, remember also your reader; then you will be unlikely to make a dull definition.
startop could make out, after a few minutes, which steamer was first, and gave me the word hamburg, in a low voice, as we sat face to face.
it follows that, if atomic facts are to be known at all, some at least must be known without inference.
outside there would be the evening breeze from the gulf, the moonlight, the breath of the roses, all the romance of the southern night--but not for us!
but it has lasted a long time, and it is possible--you know well, my wife, it is possible--that it may not come, during our lives.
the transition to the sport of window-breaking, and thence to the plundering of public-houses, was easy and natural.
the tidings of my high fortunes having had a heavy fall had got down to my native place and its neighborhood before i got there.
jacques three, with his usual craving on him, and evidently disappointed by the dialogue taking a turn that did not seem to promise bloodshed, held by defarge's arm as he held by the turnkey's.
this thing, they said, must be destroyed.
he had a delight in cutting at the boys, which was like the satisfaction of a craving appetite.
the wood-sawyer said he would be proud and flattered to attend the citizeness.
through such an atmosphere, by a steep dark shaft of dirt and poison, the way lay.
the fingers of two hands suffice to mark our estimate.
opening this piece of paper in the next pause, the counsel looked with great attention and curiosity at the prisoner.
but we know that there is an object b, called bismarck, and that b was an astute diplomatist.
i had struck him hard enough to give him the toothache, i suppose.
already elzbieta had choked down her tears, grief being crowded out of her soul by fear.
it should also be said that our images even of quite particular occurrences have always a greater or a less degree of vagueness.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
we can't get along; we thought you might be able to help us.
again, it is a proper office of public authority to guard against accidents.
how much of the article was based on his personal experience?
the attitude of the typical city man toward the farm and country life is very different from that of the countryman.
william, said mr. pumblechook to the waiter, put a muffin on table.
they got him down upon the floor, clinging to him by his arms and legs, and still they could hardly hold him.
man flows at once to god when the channel of purity is open.
the visible box now becomes a stimulus capable of releasing either the bodily habits or the word-habit, i.e.
miss dartle, leaning back upon the seat, with a light of exultation in her face, seemed almost to caress the sounds this fellow had uttered.
i have seen them on the irish hills and i have seen them on the hills of france.
neither of them for a single moment released the other's eyes.
they let you off easily enough, sneered drummle.
this is the way to learn how long it takes for different seeds to germinate, and thus we watch the development of the fruits and flowers and vegetables.
besides them three gentlemen that i have named, i dont call to mind another since about eleven oclock, when a stranger asked for you.
one farmer said that it was good for nothing but to raise cheeping squirrels on.
now, sir, about that brain of yours, if youll excuse my returning to it.
they felt that all was lost; they sat like prisoners summoned to hear the reading of their death warrant.
to those whose logic is not malicious, such a wholesale condemnation appears impossible.
i felt i was in england again, and really was quite cast down on traddless account.
what is the value of having the heart of the definition stated before the theme is begun?
he certainly did look uncommonly like the carved face on the beam outside my window, as he sat, in his humility, eyeing me sideways, with his mouth widened, and the creases in his cheeks.
we can but be content to note that all goes forward, toward something....
the direction that i took was not that in which my old home lay, nor that in which we had pursued the convicts.
i was about to observe that i again behold the serene spot where some of the happiest hours of my existence fleeted by.
that the former will be paid for their work is almost certain; it is extremely uncertain whether the farmer will be paid for his.
and each day thereafter we knew the illness of waiting for our hour on the northern road.
i didnt know how i had done it, but i had no doubt i had murdered him somehow.
after that occasion he appeared every evening at exactly the same hour, and always with a little bundle, to which he never alluded, and which he regularly put behind the door and left there.
if i had wanted to use anything save narcotic medicines that were poisons in themselves, i would not have administered any of those.
and i admire and love you for it, steerforth, twenty times the more!
probably, it took about a dozen drowned men to fit him out completely; and that may have been the reason why the different articles of his dress were in various stages of decay.
if they are not in that room, they are gone, and can be pursued and brought back, said madame defarge to herself.
the saloon-keeper coughed once or twice, and then remarked, say, jack, i'm afraid you'll have to quit.
i felt my face fire up as i looked at joe.
we know, for we have found a secret unknown to all our brothers.
her idea was that the bed-book is soporific, and for that reason she even advocated the reading of political speeches.
this pain of the mind was much harder to strive against than any bodily pain i suffered; and herbert, seeing that, did his utmost to hold my attention engaged.
begging your pardon, maam, returned the housemaid, i should wish to speak at once, and to speak to master.
finally, toward the middle of the afternoon, he set out for home once more.
i reasoned as i had reasoned already without knowing it,if that be reasoning,in case any harm should befall him through my not going, how could i ever forgive myself!
i informed her that he sent his compliments, and was getting on very well indeed.
and they are glad when the candles are blown for the night.
the objections to government interference, when it is not such as to involve infringement of liberty, may be of three kinds.
if we are completely certain of a proposition, we do not seek a ground to support our belief.
it does not, and finally he will wait no longer, but comes up to ona, who turns white and trembles.
sometimes, it seemed to stop altogether, and then the soldiers stopped.
some of em writes my letters when i wants em wrote,do you mind?writes my letters, wolf!
as i fixed my eyes hopelessly on joe, joe contemplated me in dismay.
so i at once began to sharpen my scythe.
i fancied that i could detect in his manner a consciousness of this, and a purpose of always holding her in suspense.
yes, sir, said the butler, but, master frederick, your father left orders-- and master frederick drew himself up to a stately height.
said my aunt, shaking her head, and smiling gravely; blind, blind, blind!
mr. holliday has the genuine gift of the personal essay, mellow, fluent, and pleasantly eccentric.
and the magdalen chestnut, which spreads its shade so beautifully above the water just beyond, becomes quite familiar when its low-reaching branches have once caught the top of your pole and torn it from your hands.
i believe i had at this time some lurking distrust of steerforth.
is it the source of the nile, or the niger, or the mississippi, or a north-west passage around this continent, that we would find?
nevertheless, of all the characters i have known, perhaps walden wears best, and best preserves its purity.
but i have no other reason to complain of her.
somehow or other they got rid of their guest, and then they passed a night of lamentation.
everything, indeed, is good which is conceived with honesty and executed with communicative ardour.
fundamentally the purpose of a magazine article is the same as the purpose of a newspaper story--to tell a tale, to tell it directly, convincingly, and interestingly.
in the end, however, ona discovered that it was even worse than that.
no, said steerforth, before i could reply.
one piece of good sense would be more memorable than a monument as high as the moon.
is he going to make it manslaughter, or whats he going to make of it?
but she had lost her place-- jurgis reeled, and gave a gasp.
and it made me, partially at least, alter one of the ideas of my early criticism--that time spent on a poet's local habitations was rather wasted.
which appeared to me to be an inquiry of unnecessary strength.
said mr. micawber, and all the circle at canterbury?
his breakfast-table was drawn before the fire, and as he sat, with its light shining on him, waiting for the meal, he sat so still, that he might have been sitting for his portrait.
but the new state of equilibrium is different from the old, as may be seen by the changed capacity for reaction.
it should not be by their architecture, but why not even by their power of abstract thought, that nations should seek to commemorate themselves?
if now considered in the light of a liberty, excuse it for the love of poor old days.
a practical bulletin, prepared by the home economics department of a state university, on the best arrangement of a kitchen to save needless steps, was used for articles in a number of farm journals.
your sister, betsey trotwood, said my aunt, would have been as natural and rational a girl as ever breathed.
now, logic presents many kinds of space as possible apart from experience, and experience only partially decides between them.
his home was the ugliest of the homes of all the three.
after a manuscript has been accepted, a writer usually has no further responsibility concerning it.
the second step in the logical process of definition is to show how the subject for definition differs from other members of its class.
yes; or hate, laughed steerforth; no matter which.
the vitality of fiction is always increased by dramatic presentation.
to speak only of religious opinions: the reformation broke out at least twenty times before luther, and was put down.
exclaimed madame, and she and all the children began to talk at the top of their voices.
thus the certainty of our knowledge of our own experiences does not have to be limited in any way to allow for exceptional cases.
we went arm-in-arm to the public-house where the carrier put up, and i promised, on the road, to write to her.
those who are unaccustomed to philosophical speculation may be inclined to dismiss such a doctrine as obviously absurd.
the pair used two wands, so that their production was the same as tho two men were gathering and blowing.
the freshness of her beauty was indeed gone, but its indescribable majesty and its indescribable charm remained.
thus, if we see a coloured surface whose colour changes gradually, its sensible appearance if the change is continuous will be indistinguishable from what it would be if the change were by small finite jumps.
and having determined this point, be sure to make your reader see it.
it was a little past midday when the four-horse stage-coach by which i was a passenger, got into the ravel of traffic frayed out about the cross keys, wood street, cheapside, london.
but they twinkled out one by one, without throwing any light on the questions why on earth i was going to play at miss havishams, and what on earth i was expected to play at.
she had knowd of her bitter knowledge wheer to watch and what to do.
after a few moments of painful hesitation, i broke the silence.
the attractiveness of a title is measured by its power to arrest attention and to lead to a reading of the article.
hence, old bee-hunters look for bee-trees along creeks and near spring runs in the woods.
great britain was one state before it was one nation; on the other hand, germany was one nation before it was one state.
mrs. knefler's mind was working like a trip-hammer that month; seeking ways and means for rousing the busy, unthinking, conglomerate mass of people to the real issue.
comparatively, he is always strong, original, and, above all, practical.
perhaps i might have told joe about the pale young gentleman, if i had not previously been betrayed into those enormous inventions to which i had confessed.
she aint in that line, mum, said mr. pumblechook.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. van nostrand company, new york city.
did you remain long at yarmouth, that time?
and by the way, i said aloud, i suppose you never draw any skeletons now?
i was seriously affected, without knowing how much, by late events; and my long exposure to the fierce wind had confused me.
it is difficult not to suppose that what is foreseen is fated, and must happen however much it may be dreaded.
would you classify the following selection as formal or informal classification or partition?
that will be his place,there, striking the table with her stick, at my head!
he keeps his grog ready mixed in a little tub on the table.
the value of writing criticism should by this time be apparent.
and ill tell you what, my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber, your friend heep is a young fellow who might be attorney-general.
there is little, if indeed anything, personal about the analysis of problems or situations, slight revelation of the author in a treatise on dietetics or party politics or bridge building.
madame's resolute right hand was occupied with an axe, in place of the usual softer implements, and in her girdle were a pistol and a cruel knife.
we shall be happy, said miss clarissa, to see mr. copperfield to dinner, every sunday, if it should suit his convenience.
it fell out as wemmick had told me it would, that i had an early opportunity of comparing my guardians establishment with that of his cashier and clerk.
then he came into the business part of the city, where the streets were sewers of inky blackness, with horses sleeping and plunging, and women and children flying across in panic-stricken droves.
there is danger of exaggeration, however, in making predictions.
my meaning, answered the man of business, is, of course, friendly and appreciative, and that it does you the greatest credit, and--in short, my meaning is everything you could desire.
i said, what would be the expense of this young female?
then what you have to do, is, to remain there until he wants you.
but, the language of that country was quite gone from her, and she was forced to make signs.
he still kept his eyes fixed ahead, and did not stir; but his heart gave a great leap.
bribery and corruption were its everyday methods.
having each some shingles of thought well dried, we sat and whittled them, trying our knives, and admiring the clear yellowish grain of the pumpkin pine.
it would grow up to be a man, a human soul, with a personality all its own, a will of its own!
she managed to catch one of his hands and gripped it convulsively, drawing it to her face, and bathing it in her tears.
then i sat down in my shady corner, looking up at the sunlight on the opposite chimney-pots, and thinking about dora; until mr. spenlow came in, crisp and curly.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
of course he knew about my father from his connection with miss havisham.
all this i observed, sitting at the table in the corner with my head leaning on my hand, and my thoughts running on very different things.
this was done; and whom should traddles and i then behold, to our amazement, in this converted number twenty seven, but uriah heep!
some things, however, were not destined to be controlled by individuals.
i have frequently seen a poet withdraw, having enjoyed the most valuable part of a farm, while the crusty farmer supposed that he had got a few wild apples only.
no one paid any attention to him, and he pushed in, and in a corner he saw the man he sought.
it might seem natural to regard a sensation as itself a cognition, and until lately i did so regard it.
the newcomer went to the bunks and inspected the blankets; he lifted up the mattress, and then dropped it with an exclamation.
the coach, with mr. jaggers inside, came up in due time, and i took my box-seat again, and arrived in london safe,but not sound, for my heart was gone.
on the other hand, as he also points out (pp.
it would be an easy enough matter for carpenters and plasterers to put a room in the attic, but we lacked the money necessary for such a venture.
it was hard by the fountain, and the peasants suspended their operations to look at him.
the man thought for a moment, and then turned to his friend.
the warrior of 'sixty-one rivals miss marie corelli.
he was not improved in habits, or in looks, or in manner; but there was a certain rugged air of fidelity about him, which was new to the observation of charles darnay.
these are the occasions that make bergson laugh.
saying which he went out in disdain; and the landlord, having no one to reply upon, found it impracticable to pursue the subject.
before the advent of shaw he poured poison on the roots of that imaginative love in which all normal men and maidens walk at least once in a lifetime as in a rosy cloud shot through with golden lights.
in effect, the sun was so low that it dipped at the moment.
careful observers of the art of writing will see how much shrewd skill there is in the apparently unstudied manner.
my low tap at the door was answered by mr. peggotty.
but to reject the beliefs which do not appear open to any objections, however closely we examine them, is not reasonable, and is not what philosophy advocates.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
my money was all gone, i had nothing left to dispose of; i was hungry, thirsty, and worn out; and seemed as distant from my end as if i had remained in london.
curiously enough, by all reports, they suggest always peaceful scenes--a harvest-field, a street fair, a sunday morning in a cathedral town, careless travelers--never the turmoils and struggles.
they occupy the place of years in my remembrance.
nevertheless, i am in a dream, a flustered, happy, hurried dream.
for the word we must never be spoken, save by ones choice and as a second thought.
household science (drudgery; occupation).
as just stated, the principle applies only to the verification of our expectation in a single fresh instance.
unsupported bodies in air fall, unless they are balloons or aeroplanes; but the principles of mechanics give uniformities which apply to balloons and aeroplanes just as accurately as to bodies that fall.
we used to have them at our house when we could spare an evening--often when we could not.
said her father, stopping in his story, and laying his hand on hers, command yourself.
when you told me your own story, you told me plainly that you began adoring her the first time you saw her, when you were very young indeed.
suppose, now, instead of taking one event a, we take two events a and b, and suppose a and b partly overlap, but b ends before a ends.
it was such a responsibility--they must not have the baby grow up to suffer as they had.
i shuddered at the thought that for anything i knew, his hand might be stained with blood.
you must know, said estella, condescending to me as a brilliant and beautiful woman might, that i have no heart,if that has anything to do with my memory.
oh, my heart on fire, show the jacket to us!
said the sergeant, theyll find themselves trapped in a circle, i expect, sooner than they count on.
and here i may remark that when mr. wopsle referred to me, he considered it a necessary part of such reference to rumple my hair and poke it into my eyes.
what do you want to conwey to your own father, you young rip?
i have none, none, no comfort upon earth, for all of them were always fond of me!
as we were going with our candle along the dark passage, estella stopped all of a sudden, and, facing round, said in her taunting manner, with her face quite close to mine, well?
it was like the murmuring of the bees in the spring, the whisperings of the forest; it suggested endless activity, the rumblings of a world in motion.
mrs. gummidges was rather a fretful disposition, and she whimpered more sometimes than was comfortable for other parties in so small an establishment.
the constraint that had been put upon me, was quite abandoned.
finally, we may take as basis for the classification the manner of disposing of the excavated materials, in which case we shall find several groups.
and blew his nose with an air of satisfaction.
i was lost in the mazes of my future fortunes, and could not retrace the by-paths we had trodden together.
(b) many of the movements of animals do not exhibit the characteristics of the cycles which seem to embody desire.
but then they won't lemme sleep there--guv'ner's orders, by harry--home every night, sir!
when the gaoler was gone, he thought in the same wandering way, now am i left, as if i were dead.
how such publications may be utilized is illustrated by the articles given below.
it's no use, he exclaimed--but suddenly he heard the woman's voice behind him again-- i vill make it five dollars for you.
the time went very slowly on, and mr. lorry's hope darkened, and his heart grew heavier again, and grew yet heavier and heavier every day.
he feared us so much--and with reason--that he caused himself to be represented as dead, and had a grand mock-funeral.
we have considered in an earlier lecture the sense in which a motion may be a datum, and need not now recur to this topic.
poor little antanas, for instance--who had never failed to win him with a smile--little antanas was not smiling just now, being a mass of fiery red pimples.
influence; he says something touching influence?
we saw the boat go alongside, and we saw him taken up the side and disappear.
in the desert, pure air and solitude compensate for want of moisture and fertility.
nothing is permanent; even the things that we think are fairly permanent, such as mountains, only become data when we see them, and are not immediately given as existing at other moments.
i should have thought-- mr. lorry began.
next, through water street, one comes in search of the last word on salt fish.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
so wonderfully far apart have races wandered in spirit, and so hard it is to understand the literature next door!
this suggests a way by which a completely accurate date can be defined.
and, indeed, all this maternal anxiety is not entirely misplaced.
but, the comfort was, that all the company at the grand hotel of monseigneur were perfectly dressed.
that sound commonly reminds us that we are growing rusty and antique in our employments and habits of thoughts.
i was shown into a room upstairs, where miss mills and dora were.
how else can men be when they live for their brothers?
all this time, the figure was unchanged, and looked unchangeable.
but most actual images do not have this degree of definiteness.
after a few years the unpleasant effect of this would pass away, it was said; but meantime, in hot weather--and especially when it rained--the flies were apt to be annoying.
in fact, the purely formal question, which has occupied us in this last section, offers no very formidable difficulties.
you are the mr. murdstone who married the widow of my late nephew, david copperfield, of blunderstone rookery!--though why rookery, i dont know!
she urged, clinging nearer to him, laying her head upon his breast, and raising her eyes to his, remember how strong we are in our happiness, and how weak he is in his misery!
american independence, however, once established, pointed a way to democratic freedom which england hastened to follow.
when dinner was done, mr. wickfield taking no wine, and i desiring none, we went up-stairs; where agnes and her little charges sang and played, and worked.
you have found in him an influential and kind friend, who will be kinder yet, i venture to predict, if you deserve it.
i have frequently endeavoured to find decisive corroboration of those suspicions, but without effect.
such lands make positive and clear demands, if ever they are to be exploited for their full value to humanity.
if we are really dying, let us hear the rattle in our throats and feel cold in the extremities; if we are alive, let us go about our business.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
), i shall away betimes tomorrow morning.
at any rate you know me as a dissolute dog, who has never done any good, and never will.
psychology is concerned, inter alia, with our sensations when we see a piece of matter, as opposed to the matter which we see.
the civilized nationsgreece, rome, englandhave been sustained by the primitive forests which anciently rotted where they stand.
he would be climbing over the prostrate stems of primitive forest trees.
try to take the point of view of a person who does not know that the career is to fail, and then see how you will modify the whole account in the second life.
i would repeat, perhaps, if i were very inflexible.
i tell you i have only a dollar and a quarter.
now, quite apart from any assumption as to causality, it is obvious that complete knowledge would embrace the future as well as the past.
what do you mean by alarming the citadel at this time of night consecrated to me?
while i was surveying, the ice, which was sixteen inches thick, undulated under a slight wind like water.
we knew that men would not follow us, for they never enter the uncharted forest.
doctor manette received him kindly, and so did lucie.
sensations are what is common to the mental and physical worlds; they may be defined as the intersection of mind and matter.
each of these modes of thinking derives its utility from the deficiencies of the other; but it is in a great measure the opposition of the other that keeps each within the limits of reason and sanity.
so we rode back to her little cottage at highgate, where we found the following short note, which had arrived by that mornings post from mr. micawber: canterbury, friday.
but then their money was going again, and little antanas was hungry, and crying with the bitter cold of the garret.
and so she presently said joe again, and once pardon, and once pip.
there was never any ceremony about the visits of such old friends and neighbours as we were.
and we heard suddenly that we were laughing, laughing aloud, laughing as if there were no power left in us save laughter.
i did not perceive that they were weaving or spinning.
the little tailor sat tilted back in his stiff kitchen chair, with his feet stretched out upon the empty stove, and speaking in low whispers, so as not to waken those in the next room.
in the meantime manager peet and the inspector had worked out a code system for spraying instructions and put this into the hands of the growers in the six zones.
galsworthy is one of the best, if you except his concern for delicacy of style.
my business habits had one other bright feature, which i called leaving a margin.
the captain never lost dignity, from having his ears boxed with the latin grammar.
working conditions were frequently unhealthful.
caught up by the rollers, the ties are whirled along to the front of the train, and tumble to the ground in a steady, continuous stream.
they were both very gay and lively fellows; grainger, something older than steerforth; markham, youthful-looking, and i should say not more than twenty.
jurgis and his gang joined in the sport, every man singling out his victim, and striving to bring him to bay and punch him.
shes flighty, you know,very flighty,quite flighty enough to pass her days in a sedan-chair.
the grand necessity, then, for our bodies, is to keep warm, to keep the vital heat in us.
the only pork product on which i do not make an excellent profit is lard.
we thought that it was a fire and stopped.
mr. murdstone seemed afraid of a renewal of hostilities, and interposing began: miss trotwood!
for a century cooper has been in command of the british literary marine.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
perhaps you may even be lucky enough to come on the two workers themselves, digging with their pick and spade--for all summer long the mosquito man is working eight hours a day at his self-appointed task.
but somebody is always being murdered, and i didnt read it.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
commission to the extent of two and ninepence in a fortnight cannot, however limited our ideas, be considered remunerative.
the image is associated with the belief-feeling which we found to be distinctive of memory, since it can neither be abolished nor harmonized with perception.
then, said traddles, you must prepare to disgorge all that your rapacity has become possessed of, and to make restoration to the last farthing.
mine is the prerogative no longer to dissemble, for hypocrisy is abhorrent to the members of the favored class to which i now belong.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
for this they were not liked in the home of the students, as it is not proper to smile without reason.
so, too, exaggerated, misleading headlines on news and advertisements are matched by exaggerated, misleading titles on special articles.
the aldermen declared that they had had no idea of it all, in spite of the fact that the main entrance to the work had been in the rear of the saloon of one of them.
the power represented by all the water of a stream, and its entire fall from the source to the sea, is likewise only partly available.
she uttered the word with an eager look, and with strong emphasis, and with a weird smile that had a kind of boast in it.
here she was, in the tiled kitchen, cooking dinner!
so i came into smithfield; and the shameful place, being all asmear with filth and fat and blood and foam, seemed to stick to me.
in cases of this sort, habit (or association) explains why the present feature of the environment brings up the memory-image, but it does not explain the memory-belief.
you here see perchance how blood vessels are formed.
and dear me, its a long time ago, now, aint it?
they're far slower on their feet and less aggressive, i'm told.
for it was quite delightful to me, to find him so pleasant.
i have said that it is important to give the freest scope possible to uncustomary things, in order that it may in time appear which of these are fit to be converted into customs.
its opposed to my orders to hold the gate open.
you must taste, said my sister, addressing the guests with her best graceyou must taste, to finish with, such a delightful and delicious present of uncle pumblechooks!
not an emigrant, he hoped, within the sense and spirit of the law.
the few who were passing passed on their several ways, and the street was empty when i turned back into the temple.
in actual fact, whatever we may try to think as philosophers, we cannot help believing in the minds of other people, so that the question whether our belief is justified has a merely speculative interest.
there was a man who was known in the party as the little giant.
if the likeness of that face dont turn to burning fire, at the thought of offering money to me for my childs blight and ruin, its as bad.
from that there hut and that there hiring-out, i got money left me by my master (which died, and had been the same as me), and got my liberty and went for myself.
he thinks, said the landlord, a weakly meditative man with a pale eye, who seemed to rely greatly on his jack,he thinks they was, what they wasnt.
a-a-matter of business--don't be distressed.
right or wrong, if this were to be done again, i think i should do just the same.
then we saw the scholars who sat around a long table; they were as shapeless clouds huddled at the rise of the great sky.
it was an elemental odor, raw and crude; it was rich, almost rancid, sensual, and strong.
he was cast for a part in the piece of life from his cradle, and he plays it industriously and thoroughly; but he has never lost the point of view of the plain man.
my experience has taught me another thing: that direct advertising does not pay.
it is necessary to consider separately these two hypotheses, each of which has a distinct branch of the argument corresponding to it.
enclosed in the letter was a receipt for the debt and costs on which i had been arrested.
for example, dreams, as freud has shown, are just as much subject to laws as are the motions of the planets.
i thank you even more for the tone of the question.
you go, now, she said, and try and get somebody yourself.
he would rather face a machine gun than a reporter.
the patients are housed in cottages, men and women in separate buildings some distance apart, about thirty to each cottage.
sometimes, she would coldly tolerate me; sometimes, she would condescend to me; sometimes, she would be quite familiar with me; sometimes, she would tell me energetically that she hated me.
it will be seen that i succeeded amply; and i am bound to say i think the passage exceptional in shakespeareexceptional, indeed, in literature; but it was not i who chose it.
other people have dozens, scores, hundreds.
at the time office, which he found already open, the clerk told him that ona's check had been turned in the night before, showing that she had left her work.
she was there, sitting beside her father.
philoponus, a sixth-century commentator (r.p.
so jurgis stood watching, while five or ten minutes passed.
however, i got dressed, darkly wiping my sanguinary face at intervals, and i said, can i help you?
for four years niagara county farmers had not made expenses in growing tomatoes for the canneries.
suppose we first perceive the sun shining, which is a complex fact, and thence proceed to make the judgement 'the sun is shining'.
the camps were to accommodate thirty boys each.
what we have here is not any necessary distinction.
and so they would have to loaf around, in a place where the thermometer might be twenty degrees below zero!
she will not tell me what has happened to distress her.
for a reason that i had, i felt as if my eyes would start out of my head.
possibly at home, but of a certainty impossible for handmaid to anticipate intentions of miss pross, as to admission or denial of the fact.
i expressed my pleasure in the contemplation of it, and little emly was emboldened to say, shyly, dont you think you are afraid of the sea, now?
the only thought which is genuine is that which springs out of the intellectual impulse of curiosity, leading to the desire to know and understand.
approached from this side, the best poetry is tame.
when i was four years old, as i well remember, i was brought from boston to this my native town, through these very woods and this field, to the pond.
as if in a flash of lightning they saw themselves--victims of a relentless fate, cornered, trapped, in the grip of destruction.
a man had come in--jurgis could not see his features for the bandages that swathed him, but he knew the burly figure.
i can't help it--i-- madame haupt had put back her pork and onions on the stove.
this was bringing me (i felt) towards dangerous ground.
compeyson says to me, separate defences, no communication, and that was all.
it is seldom that the first draft of an article cannot be improved by a careful revision.
yes, she answered--but we thought you were in jail.
i look upon the history of men, which i have learned from the books, and i wonder.
for who shall say exactly what a lyric poem shall do?
or, to ask a more modest question, have we any reason to believe that a particular causal law, such as the law of gravitation, will continue to hold in the future?
yet truth to the conditions of mans nature and the conditions of mans life, the truth of literary art, is free of the ages.
among the many wild changes observable on familiar things which made this wild ride unreal, not the least was the seeming rarity of sleep.
he had put her there to keep her quiet, it seemed--and that not altogether with success, for once or twice they had been heard quarreling.
there is nowhere recorded a simple and irrepressible satisfaction with the gift of life, any memorable praise of god.
the rails are laid on them, and they are covered with sand, and the cars run smoothly over them.
then there was all the economy and impetus gained from consolidation.
few children were to be seen, and no dogs.
she leaned against the great family bedstead and looked at us.
the difficulty here lies in the tendency toward such dispersion of details as to destroy unity even though to gain this is the chief intention.
i needed but the sound of his voice to be so madly enraged as i never was before, and never have been since.
if the garden hose, the rubber tube of your bath spray, or your hot water bag shows a crack or a small break, mend it with adhesive.
as soon as the breath of evening does not suffice longer to preserve them, then the nature of man does not differ much from that of the brute.
he had nothing to do with creative activity.
i did not see why the schoolmaster should be taxed to support the priest, and not the priest the schoolmaster; for i was not the states schoolmaster, but i supported myself by voluntary subscription.
to enjoy a thing exclusively is commonly to exclude yourself from the true enjoyment of it.
let us take again the illustration of a memory-image of a familiar room, and let us suppose that in the image the window is to the left of the door.
blankets, shelter-halves, slickers and overcoats insured warm sleep.
and although it may be that a majority will pass the test, we may be pretty sure that some will not, and that a serious readjustment of our outlook ought to result.
nor were we the only ones who had each other--and therefore poverty.
the bar had no more tenderness or poetry in it, than the bar of a public-house.
everybody was dressed for a fancy ball that was never to leave off.
there was no sergeant reilly to be found.
stryver was rich; had married a florid widow with property and three boys, who had nothing particularly shining about them but the straight hair of their dumpling heads.
in order to state this law in a form which observation can confirm, we will confine it to the solar system.
i am talking of betsey as if she was a man-of-war.
amid such a world, if anywhere, our ideals henceforward must find a home.
legislation might be needed on occasion in order to get rid of archaisms which had survived the purgation of the two prior centuries.
she began as most children do by scribbling in her school books, funny pictures.
dora put his nose to mine, and said boh!
mr. solicitor-general then, following his leader's lead, examined the patriot: john barsad, gentleman, by name.
the sawyer himself did not participate in the conference, but abided at a little distance, like an outer satellite who was not to speak until required, or to offer an opinion until invited.
i am glad mine is not there, and i hope it may not go there, yet awhile.
whereas, to this wretched hour i am ignorant of both.
but i am very happy; though my dear boy is so lonely by himself, before his child-wifes empty chair!
is gissing fair or sensible in his attitude?
you may think that such a consideration is beneath your dignity.
until then, there is nothing for them but implicit obedience to an akbar or a charlemagne, if they are so fortunate as to find one.
gawaine raised the battle-ax and suddenly lowered it again.
to some extent this is required by the increasing complexity of the social order and the minute division of labor which it involves.
a few years ago a paper in his home state--utah--published a little story about his success as an inventor, and the story was copied by the hartford courant.
there was another interesting set of statistics that a person might have gathered in packingtown--those of the various afflictions of the workers.
it was high noontide, when two dusty men passed through his streets and under his swinging lamps: of whom, one was monsieur defarge: the other a mender of roads in a blue cap.
when he had heard all this explanation to the end, jurgis demanded: but how can i get a job in packingtown?
jurgis, without a word, lifts ona in his arms, and strides out with her, and she sinks her head upon his shoulder with a moan.
a truly good book is something as natural, and as unexpectedly and unaccountably fair and perfect, as a wild flower discovered on the prairies of the west or in the jungles of the east.
the answer in other highly specialized fruit sections seems to have been central packing houses.
mr. lorry grasped his hand in return, and neither of the two spoke for a little while.
my love, observed mr. micawber, it is impossible for me not to be touched by your affection.
it will be part of the causal law to state a relation of succession or coexistence between the thing given and the thing inferred.
home, in its best sense, was for me no more.
is it some ill-fed village hound yielding to the instinct of the chase?
what whip lashed them to their knees in shame and submission?
more than that; im going to take a walk.
it is only the serious eye peering from and the sincere life passed within it, which restrain laughter and consecrate the costume of any people.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
that appealed to me as printable, but where to put it in the paper?
one of them took shelter behind the bar, where a policeman cornered him and proceeded to whack him over the back and shoulders, until he lay down and gave a chance at his head.
i must say that i had my doubts about the strict justice of this, and was not even frightened out of them by the bushel of wheat which reconciles all anomalies.
eight oclock had struck before i got into the air, that was scented, not disagreeably, by the chips and shavings of the long-shore boat-builders, and mast, oar, and block makers.
in addition to all their physical hardships, there was thus a constant strain upon their minds; they were harried all day and nearly all night by worry and fear.
i am extremely sorry to see this in you, biddy, i repeated.
we made merry about doras wanting to be liked, and dora said i was a goose, and she didnt like me at any rate, and the short evening flew away on gossamer-wings.
he being of the same mind, and equally reliant on her, we suffered her to take her own road, and took ours, which was towards highgate.
these useful writers had fulfilled the poets saying: departing, they had left behind them footprints on the sands of time, footprints which perhaps anotherand i was the other!
then we try another and another, and the third bee, much to our satisfaction, goes straight toward the woods.
his removal, to make way for other accused persons who were to be tried, rescued him from these caresses for the moment.
oh, how strange it seems that jip should be old!
so i came in, and shut the door, and passed my first spring night in the woods.
thus the neglect of prepositions and verbs led to the belief that every proposition can be regarded as attributing a property to a single thing, rather than as expressing a relation between two or more things.
newspapers and magazines have made extensive use of both these processes.
the truth of an opinion is part of its utility.
and id have swum off, towing him by the hair, if it had come to that, and id a got him aboard without the soldiers.
little blossom has been rather out of spirits, and i have been keeping her company.
mr. spenlow seemed quite cowed by the gentlemanly sternness of miss murdstones manner, and deprecated her severity with a conciliatory little wave of his hand.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
on seeing the master enter, the old woman stopped with the bellows on her knee, and said something that i thought sounded like my charley!
typewriting on blanks intended for reproduction should be done with a fresh record black ribbon.
i had never done more than glance at the house, as i went by with a quickened step.
they admired and sympathized; they exclaimed appropriately at the beauty of every girl's face, the tenderness of every pictured mother.
there is no confusion or failure in my memory; it can recall, and could detail, every word that was ever spoken between me and those brothers.
such was the beginning of his life as a tramp.
he smiled his sweetest smile at jurgis, and then he closed his eyes, sleepily.
according to the immemorial usage of waiters in all ages.
letters of credit afford a striking illustration of the ill-adaptation of our american common law of contract to the needs of modern business in an urban society of highly complex economic organization.
when the thought expressed in the first sentence of an article is sufficiently unusual, or is presented in a sufficiently striking form, it at once commands attention.
physicists, ignorant and contemptuous of philosophy, have been content to assume their particles, points, and instants in practice, while conceding, with ironical politeness, that their concepts laid no claim to metaphysical validity.
no gleam of fire, no glittering shower of sparks, no roar of bellows; all shut up, and still.
out of the corners of the room swarmed the released shadows.
not in the wine-shop did madame defarge confer with these ministers, but in the shed of the wood-sawyer, erst a mender of roads.
i was better after i had cried than before,more sorry, more aware of my own ingratitude, more gentle.
are shallows and quicksands, and rope broken withal, and bucket irrecoverable.
sometimes, after that, i fancied that she tried to speak even to me, in intervals when we were left alone.
i had more cheering visitors than the last.
no, said joe, its a kind of family name what he gave himself when a infant, and is called by.
i apprehend that man, and call upon him to surrender, and you to assist.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
she heeded no more what they said, than if she had had no ears.
we may re-state it in different language.
how can you expect the birds to sing when their groves are cut down?
thass my guv'ner--'nice as nails, by harry!
it might have come from the center of the world, this smoke, where the fires of the ages still smolder.
i am well, and your father has influence around me.
but where the questions are not of interests of substance but of the weighing of human conduct and passing upon its moral aspects, legislation has accomplished little.
i came, one evening before sunset, down into a valley, where i was to rest.
wouldnt you like to step in, said mr. omer, and speak to her?
even if he took to begging, he would be at a disadvantage, for reasons which he was to discover in good time.
roman law and english law begin with a set of what might be called nominate delicts or nominate torts.
in truth, he said this with so much delicacy, that i felt the subject done with, even though i should be under his fathers roof for years and years to come.
in this way i become acquainted with the universal relation.
i thought traddles might be surprised to hear it, but he was not so at all.
why then should tolerance, as far as the public sentiment is concerned, extend only to tastes and modes of life which extort acquiescence by the multitude of their adherents?
not the chairman, or lord pommery quint, or any member of the committee, but just a man.
we went down on the next day but one, and we found her in the room where i had first beheld her, and it is needless to add that there was no change in satis house.
in the brain we have an overworked area which, irritated, gives rise to an apprehension or imperative idea.
lo, miss pross, in harness of string, awakening the echoes, as an unruly charger, whip-corrected, snorting and pawing the earth under the plane-tree in the garden!
therefore, with twenty-five hundred, we could not only exist but work efficiently.
annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery.
changeless and hopeless, the tumbrils roll along.
yet, human fellowship infused some nourishment into the flinty viands, and struck some sparks of cheerfulness out of them.
the number of pleasing things, for example, is so endless, and the things are so diverse in character that your listener is almost as ignorant after such a quality has been attributed as he was before.
i looked at him attentively then, and recoiled a little from him; but i did not know him.
suppose, for example, that i am sitting in my room, in which there is an empty arm-chair.
but best of all books for midnight are travel books.
said mr. omer, how do you find yourself?
how much justification would you feel in using the remarks as basis for biographical estimate?
reform is affirmative, conservatism negative; conservatism goes for comfort, reform for truth.
and now it was all gone--it would never be!
we need not wonder, then, if perfect sentences are rare, and perfect pages rarer.
the visitor watched her fingers for a few moments, and took the opportunity of observing the place in general.
the latter case is hitherto the most frequent, as, in the human mind, one-sidedness has always been the rule, and many-sidedness the exception.
the student who secures his coveted leisure and retirement by systematically shirking any labor necessary to man obtains but an ignoble and unprofitable leisure, defrauding himself of the experience which alone can make leisure fruitful.
it would be troublesome, and might be dangerous, to explain in the street.
the woods do not yield another such a gem.
the grasp of ideas within whatever field the hero may choose is also important.
it is funny enough to me, looking back; but it was bitter business then.
moreover, he said, he wanted to hear her sing all the new singers songs to him; and how could she do that well, unless she went?
i bore up against the separation from mr. peggotty and mrs. gummidge, but my agony of mind at leaving little emly was piercing.
that complete, praiseworthy sincerity which, while it delivers one into the hands of one's enemies, is as likely as not to embroil one with one's friends.
thus miss pross, who had never struck a blow in her life.
articles designed to give practical guidance, to show readers how to do something, are particularly effective when written in the first person.
oh, my lungs and liver, cried the old man, no!
these reflex cameras are equipped with the fastest types of lens and shutter, and thus are particularly well adapted to poorly lighted and rapidly moving objects.
memory-images and imagination-images do not differ in their intrinsic qualities, so far as we can discover.
mr. garrison shared the first editorial room with me.
the nose for news, the ability to select and play up leads, the feel of what is of immediate public interest is just as important in magazine work as in newspaper work.
i was very sorry, but there was a higher consideration than sense.
the specious present includes elements at all stages on the journey from sensation to image.
he shook the snow from his hat and clothes, and brushed it away from his face, while i was inwardly making these remarks.
the stranger did not recognize me, but i recognized him as the gentleman i had met on the stairs, on the occasion of my second visit to miss havisham.
when othello believes that desdemona loves cassio, the corresponding fact, if his belief were true, would be 'desdemona's love for cassio'.
i had then barely time to get my great-coat, lock up the chambers, and make for the coach-office by the short by-ways.
he would call at barnards hotel tuesday morning at nine oclock, when if not agreeable please leave word.
but i perceive that some parts of the page are to the left of other parts, and some parts are above other parts.
having purchased a few small articles of grocery, and a measure of oil for the lamp, miss pross bethought herself of the wine they wanted.
at most, they give only a cheap vote, and a feeble countenance and godspeed, to the right, as it goes by them.
the impossibility of change follows from this principle; for what is past can be spoken of, and therefore, by the principle, still is.
no longer afraid of leaving her, i noiselessly turned back again; and alarmed the house as i went out.
i thought you seemed as if you didnt like them?
in exposition, as well as in argument, we must ask the witness,--that is, the writer,--whether he is prejudiced or not.
he had my head as in a vice, but i twined round him somehow, and stopped him for a moment, entreating him not to beat me.
thus the evening wore away with the cruncher family, until young jerry was ordered to bed, and his mother, laid under similar injunctions, obeyed them.
i believe it is something of that sort, said mr. cruncher.
i am ignorant what may become of me very soon, how poor i may be, or where i may go.
i tried flour also; but have at last found a mixture of rye and indian meal most convenient and agreeable.
i dont suffer those who were here just now, or any one to speak of it.
i was not always the wreck you at present behold.
your first principle, then, should be to set down neatly what will be of real service, and let the rest go.
ho, ho--less be chums, ole boy--jess like me!
my objection to his opera-bouffe republics is, not that they are inadequate as republics (for that we were entirely prepared), but that they are inadequate as opera.
what is before you, is a fight with the world; and the sooner you begin it, the better.
let me look up from it--as at last i did, thank heaven!--and from its long, sad, wretched dream, to dawn.
we can only answer by appealing to our principle.
in short, boy, said mr. dick, dropping his voice to a whisper, i am simple.
all impulse is essentially blind, in the sense that it does not spring from any prevision of consequences.
after a moment of suspense, i went and kissed my mother: she kissed me, patted me gently on the shoulder, and sat down again to her work.
close coherence between the beginning and the body of the article is essential.
she fainted when she saw me return, and made a little jug of egg-hot afterwards to console us while we talked it over.
there's a place next door that's full of japanese women, but i wouldn't live in the same house with one of them.
do you hear me when i tell you that, my darling?
say but one affectionate word to me, and tell me there is nothing angry or estranged between us, and i will detain you no longer.
we had hiked seventeen miles that stormy december day--the third of a four days' journey.
with one fundamental difficulty many of you will have to contend from the outset--a lack of proper preparation for really hard study.
it was the same with the groves of deserted bedsteads i peeped at, on my way to, and when i was in, my own bed.
asked biddy, with a steady sort of glance.
the problem we have to discuss is whether there is any reason for believing in what is called 'the uniformity of nature'.
none the less for that, was it abominable nonsense, and the mere raving of those blindest of the blind who will not see.
for our gift is greater than our transgression.
i must look in at tellson's; so i will go there at once and come back presently.
according to this second hypothesis, there may be two images of the same prototype, such that one of them means the other, instead of meaning the prototype.
also one night a strange man caught little kotrina by the arm and tried to persuade her into a dark cellar-way, an experience which filled her with such terror that she was hardly to be kept at work.
you will in the mean while have earned your fare, and arrive there some time to-morrow, or possibly this evening, if you are lucky enough to get a job in season.
it will be soon enough to forget them when we have the learning and the genius which will enable us to attend to and appreciate them.
no one was really sorry about this except poor elzbieta, who was inconsolable.
it was all so painfully obvious to jurgis!
[d] only steadfastness of purpose and humility enable the student to shift his position to meet the new conditions in which new truths are born, or old ones modified beyond recognition.
broadly speaking, a very familiar sign tends to operate directly in this manner, and the intervention of consciousness marks an imperfectly established habit.
there never was such another drunken madman in that line of business, i hope.
his body was cremated and the ashes were buried in a garden by his biographer and his man-servant, with nothing to mark the spot.
his constant height is of a piece with his immense abilities.
his mind, quick to don the guise of modernity, was impervious to its spirit.
i went on with my breakfast, and mr. pumblechook continued to stand over me, staring fishily and breathing noisily, as he always did.
chinese and turkish rugs pair off almost as logically as the other rug families, although they are totally unlike in appearance.
nothing human could have held life in the boy but his determination to tell all his wrong.
they had already got the length of opening the hearse to take the coffin out, when some brighter genius proposed instead, its being escorted to its destination amidst general rejoicing.
estella told me we were both to go in, so i took joe by the coat-cuff and conducted him into miss havishams presence.
as such a paragraph contains not more than four or five sentences, the general reading public has little difficulty in comprehending it.
she ran along the sea beach, believing the old boat was theer; and calling out to us to turn away our faces, for she was a-coming by.
i am surprised, i began, to see you so distressed and serious--when she interrupted me.
the resolution i had made did not desert me, for, without uttering one vain word of appeal to him, i shouted out with all my might, and struggled with all my might.
he shook his head when i asked him where he would seek her, and inquired if i were going to london tomorrow?
it were well, he said, to be there early, and anticipate certain indistinct but wholly unjust claims on the score of ground rent and fuel.
janet, said my aunt, turning round with a quiet triumph, which i did not then understand, mr. dick sets us all right.
there is terror in the carriage, there is weeping, there is the heavy breathing of the insensible traveller.
when you have kneaded it well, mould it, and bake it under a cover, that is, in a baking-kettle.
not as she is, but as she was when she first came here?
and now he began to realize again that he was a hobo, that he was ragged and dirty, and smelled bad, and had no place to sleep that night!
when we, at last, reached our own door, agnes discovered that she had left her little reticule behind.
crumbling it in his fingers, he decided that its material was wood-pulp.
i looked, and i admitted, with a blush of shame for ever doubting, that i certainly could not beat it.
all sensuality is one, though it takes many forms; all purity is one.
he interrupted, shaking his great head very slowly.
i am in the lovingest of tempers, my dear, she would assure me with a nod, but i am fidgeted and sorry!
but i don't say he don't refer to it within himself.
this of course involves something (or somebody) which (or who) sees the brown colour; but it does not of itself involve that more or less permanent person whom we call 'i'.
his untrained but thoroughly honest mind worked slowly.
you can shake hands with me, mr. omer, if you please, said i, putting out my own.
reaching over the side of the wagon he placed his rough hand tenderly on a black lump.
for being in one of the back rows of the kings bench the other day, with a pen in my hand, the fancy came into my head to try how i had preserved that accomplishment.
the result of these various considerations is that the differences between animals and dead matter, when we confine ourselves to external unscientific observation of integral behaviour, are a matter of degree and not very precise.
he has no hand free, to wave to me; i dare not call to him; he regards me like a dead man.
similarly, if in imagination we travel backwards or forwards in time, it is difficult to believe that we shall reach a first or last time, with not even empty time beyond it.
i keep no money here; but if you would rather mr. jaggers knew nothing of the matter, i will send it to you.
yes, sir, if the weather holds and the wind sets tolerable fair.
i only saw in him a much better man than i had been to joe.
no doubt, also, there are plenty of gossips about a hive that note and tell everything.
they had put him behind bars, as if he had been a wild beast, a thing without sense or reason, without rights, without affections, without feelings.
it was as if the tranquil sanctuary of my boyhood had been sacked before my face, and its peace and honour given to the winds.
my dinner went away almost untasted, and i tried to refresh myself with a glass or two of wine.
jurgis's friend worked upstairs in the casting rooms, and his task was to make the molds of a certain part.
if you mean to take a present that i have it in charge to make you, speak out, and you shall have it.
we had really been expecting what finally happened for two years.
they have, as i believe, an older acquaintance with the english air than any other of all the strains that make up england.
it certainly is fair to look at that class by whose labor the works which distinguish this generation are accomplished.
i merely provided a pair of soles, a small leg of mutton, and a pigeon-pie.
if it was all your money twenty times told, to the last brass farden!
if i had had ample time for consideration, i believe i should still have gone.
how irrevocable would have been his knowledge of it, if he had remained with me but another hour!
rejoined miss pross; you were a bachelor in your cradle.
you have no mother?--in a softened voice.
in towns of from one thousand to two thousand inhabitants, the news that mrs. x. is going to give a party spreads rapidly by that system of wireless telegraphy that excels the marconi--neighborhood gossip.
pursuing the narrow intricacies of the streets which at that time tended westward near the middlesex shore of the river, my readiest access to the temple was close by the river-side, through whitefriars.
there is nothing to take a mans freedom away from him, save other men.
the coming of the destroyers alters the outlook.
now it is just before, or during, or at the very end of that rain--but not later--that grass should be cut for hay.
an opinion worn out by anxious watching, mr. lorry fell asleep at his post.
i saw the rooms that i was never to see again; here, a door half open; there, a door closed; all the articles of furniture around.
and heers your old little bedroom, see, masr davy!
would he believe that i was both imp and hound in treacherous earnest, and had betrayed him?
this was never for very long, however, for when ona began to cry, jurgis could not stay angry.
that, they were all in excellent spirits on the road home, and sang, o lady fair!
it is because they do not obey the hint which god gives them, nor accept the pardon which he freely offers to all.
every new englander might easily raise all his own breadstuffs in this land of rye and indian corn, and not depend on distant and fluctuating markets for them.
this made a hole in the six or seven shillings, i know well; and i was out at the warehouse all day, and had to support myself on that money all the week.
only what is thought, said, or done at a certain rare coincidence is good.
if you would avoid uncleanness, and all the sins, work earnestly, though it be at cleaning a stable.
this friend, i pursued, is trying to get on in commercial life, but has no money, and finds it difficult and disheartening to make a beginning.
we find that as we walk round the table, we perceive a series of gradually changing visible objects.
i know too well, as his grave figure passes onward, what he seeks, and what he dreads.
shall colonists have their horses (and blood uns, if you please, good lord!)
after warning her several times, he pulled the bell and the car went on--at which ona burst into tears.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
we have built strange things with this discovery of ours.
it was settled that i should stay there all the rest of the day, and return to the hotel at night, and to london to-morrow.
going to be, i believe--in so many weeks, or months, or something or other.
the very years she spoke of, were realities now, for my correction; and would have been, one day, a little later perhaps, though we had parted in our earliest folly.
i can recommend it for your purpose, sir, because it really is extra super.
miss havisham beckoned her to come close, and took up a jewel from the table, and tried its effect upon her fair young bosom and against her pretty brown hair.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
already, the mender of roads had penetrated into the midst of a group of fifty particular friends, and was smiting himself in the breast with his blue cap.
but she gave us her blessing, and the assurance of her lasting friendship, and spoke to us, generally, as became a voice from the cloister.
mrs. joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself.
on the short track at gillingham there are no gradients to show what the car can do in the way of climbing, but here again the inventor is positive.
this, however, is not the point which i wish to elicit.
mr. pumblechook was in favor of a handsome premium for binding me apprentice to some genteel trade,say, the corn and seed trade, for instance.
he complied as to the chair, but appeared to find the speaking on less easy.
it would be much more easy to be born a jackson, or something of that sort, one would think.
liability, without regard to fault, for the acts of servants and employees was reconciled with this theory by the fiction of representation, exposed long ago by mr. justice holmes and later by dr. baty.
he sidled into the parlour as soon as he was at liberty, and said to my aunt in his meekest manner: well, maam, i am happy to congratulate you.
in difficult reasoning, this connexion has often only a very small degree of self-evidence; hence errors of reasoning are not improbable where the difficulty is great.
it meant, when it was given, that whoever had this house could want nothing else.
im a-going to seek her at the post-mark.
she is a cockney and displays surprise when she is told those things are bananas.
it all tended to a good end, my friend; it was not mere waste and ruin.
jurgis developed a fondness for having ona on his arm whenever he went out on the street, and he would hold her tightly, and walk fast.
to know that one kind of thing is causally independent of another, we must know that it actually occurs without the other.
i was obliged to announce myself, somehow, i replied.
this essentially plan practical training i organized under several subjects, each of which was broadly inclusive.
when the story is familiar and colloquial in style, the title should reflect that informality.
the atmosphere in these places is a little more cheerful than that of the cafs--if you can imagine a russian ever rising to cheerfulness.
to make this plain by an example, suppose a geometrician is demonstrating the method of cutting a line in two equal parts.
others might have failed at it, but he was not the failing kind--he would show them how to do it.
and i think that, if we could regard as ultimately valid the difference between physical and mnemic causation, we could distinguish images from sensations as having mnemic causes, though they may also have physical causes.
all our previous readings of the poem must be included in the cause.
identity of mr. pip and friend confessed.
it was no more than the scurf of his skin, which was constantly shuffled off.
dont add new injuries to the long, long list of injuries you have done me!
up one minute and down the next; now in spirits and now in despondency!
they were drovers and stock raisers, who had come from far states, and brokers and commission merchants, and buyers for all the big packing houses.
i describe everything exactly as it took place, constraining my mind not to wander from the task.
we then decided that there must be, in some sense, consciousness of images.
we should have been at her mercy, if she had had any; but she was a remorseless woman, and had none.
no one can have loved him better, no one can hold him in dearer remembrance than i, i replied.
therefore it is that these rhine castles thrill me with a sense of poetry: they belong to the grand historic life of humanity, and raise up for me the vision of an epoch.
the eyes of our brothers are dull, and never do they look one another in the eyes.
on gala days the town fires its great guns, which echo like popguns to these woods, and some waifs of martial music occasionally penetrate thus far.
and voted himself into the charge of the wine-cellar, which he constructed, being an ingenious beast, in the hollow trunk of a tree.
in an explanation of the panama canal certainly there would be roused the reader's admiration and wonder at the magnitude of the operation.
the old lion, startled, just struck out blindly.
i salute you, citizens.--and the first danger passed!
the child also, observed jacques three, with a meditative enjoyment of his words, has golden hair and blue eyes.
and he stood for a moment, hesitating, helpless with dismay.
his hair could not have been more violently on end, if it had been that moment dressed by the cow with the crumpled horn in the house that jack built.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
juozas is driving one of durham's wagons, and is making big wages.
herbert said, certainly, but looked as if there were no specific consolation in this, and remained perplexed and dismayed.
he received that piece of information with a yell of laughter, and dropped back, but came slouching after us at a little distance.
we always derived profound satisfaction from making an appointment for this purpose.
and here, over the portals of my fort, i shall cut in the stone the word which is to be my beacon and my banner.
his face had become frozen, as it were, in a very curious look at darnay: an intent look, deepening into a frown of dislike and distrust, not even unmixed with fear.
and ona would surely not go to work again, broken and crushed as she was.
thus the essence of memory is not constituted by the image, but by having immediately before the mind an object which is recognized as past.
give me the ocean, the desert, or the wilderness!
again in making a promise one might call the people or the neighborhood to witness and might affront them by calling them to witness in vain.
all night long, said mr. peggotty, we have been together, emly and me.
even the best nerves have their limit of endurance.
she was so much interested in the teacher's own it that i asked her to tell the others words about it.
the best instance of it, according to him, is our acquaintance with ourselves; yet self-knowledge is proverbially rare and difficult.
this is the language of common sense, but this language already assumes that there is a real table of which we see the appearances.
when he got out of the house, the air was cold and sad, the dull sky overcast, the river dark and dim, the whole scene like a lifeless desert.
youll take a high degree at college, steerforth, said i, if you have not done so already; and they will have good reason to be proud of you.
and i said added mr. wickfield gravely, abroad.
and the rest of the time you must sharpen up your weapons--you must think out new replies to his objections, and provide yourself with new facts to prove to him the folly of his ways.
yet french prose is distinctly better than english; and french verse, above all while hugo lives, it will not do to place upon one side.
the milkman, after shaking his head at her darkly, released her chin, and with anything rather than good-will opened his can, and deposited the usual quantity in the family jug.
but harper explained that he had been downtown, and had not got the message.
shes the willingest, the trewest, the honestest-helping woman, masr davy, as ever drawd the breath of life.
we could have gone on--just the same--you need never have known about it.
i could feel the muscles of the thin arm round my neck swell with the vehemence that possessed her.
i will not have my eyes put out and my ears spoiled by its smoke and steam and hissing.
i thought of living there before i went to walden.
she has been an angel, mother, returned steerforth, for a little while; and has run into the opposite extreme, since, by way of compensation.
in the evening i started, by that conveyance, down the road i had traversed under so many vicissitudes.
then suddenly came master freddie's voice, hamilton!
the sharp female newly-born, and called la guillotine, was hardly known to him, or to the generality of people, by name.
miss betsey trotwood, the best of her sex!
this has to do with understanding words, which will be the topic of the next lecture; but something must be said about it now.
sarah pocket and georgiana contended who should remain last; but sarah was too knowing to be outdone, and ambled round georgiana with that artful slipperiness that the latter was obliged to take precedence.
he was a floorsman at jones's, and a wounded steer had broken loose and mashed him against a pillar.
the tears came so easily into ona's eyes, and she would look at him so appealingly--it kept jurgis quite busy making resolutions, in addition to all the other things he had on his mind.
he took extra good care of the certain big man--that was his opportunity.
mostly a-foot, he rejoined; sometimes in carts along with people going to market; sometimes in empty coaches.
on the other hand, you cannot fail to see the power of mere words; such words as glory, for instance, or pity.
at last, arrayed for the purpose at a vast expense, i went to miss millss, fraught with a declaration.
the neighbors eagerly collected to view them, bought them all, and carefully transported them to their garrets and dust holes, to lie there till their estates are settled, when they will start again.
i am able to throw something in traddless way, in the course of the year; something--for him--considerable.
but if we are to obtain a description which we know to be applicable, we shall be compelled, at some point, to bring in a reference to a particular with which we are acquainted.
thank god, said joe, im ekerval to most.
alas for the romance of love at first sight!
uriah, traddles, and i, as the junior part of the company, went down last, how we could.
the stately residence of monseigneur was altogether blighted and deserted.
it was at a distance towards the east, but it was long and loud.
he was passing one of chicago's innumerable small hotels, and after some hesitation he concluded to go in.
the ultimate thing for juristic purposes is the individual consciousness.
our future peace, she said, may be in your hands.
no; simply better expression of broader functions.
like myself, in the too high opinion you have of me, agnes, i am afraid, said i.
i had hoped to have no other companion than agnes.
then, as before, the number of numbers in the two rows is the same, yet the second row results from taking away all the odd numbers--an infinite collection--from the top row.
mr. jorkins and old tiffey shook their heads with one accord.
there is nothing in you to like; you know that.
and then again someone nudged him, and he sat up with his old terrified start!
it was illustrated by a half-tone made from a wash drawing of one corner of the burlap room.
this unconscious concealment always follows a certain general plan.
to this objection there are two answers, both of some importance.
this confusion may seem too gross to have been really committed by any competent philosopher, but various attendant circumstances rendered it possible.
suppose, for example, that a man dies of arsenic poisoning, we say that his taking arsenic was the cause of death.
i have brought misery on what i dearly love, i know--you know!
in innumerable ways such as this, the traveler found that somebody had been busied to make smooth his paths through the world, and to let him know what had been done for him.
his business calls him out at all hours, even when doctors sleep.
there were the men in the pickle rooms, for instance, where old antanas had gotten his death; scarce a one of these that had not some spot of horror on his person.
jacques three pacifically remarked, he is so much in your mind, see you, madame.
the necessity of writing rapidly under pressure and of constantly handling similar material, encourages neglect of the niceties of structure and of style.
at any rate, the headmaster decided by the end of june that it was time for the test.
i have had no peace of mind, trot, since i have been here.
presently the honoured parent appeared to be adjusting some instrument like a great corkscrew.
our very conversation is infected: where are now the bold humor, the explicit statement, the grasping dogmatism of former days?
he watched his opportunity of taking darnay aside into a window, and of speaking to him when no one overheard.
after two miles we catch several bees and watch them start for home with our honey.
thus the discovery that the intervening medium affects the appearances of things cannot be made by means of the sense of sight alone.
in the rear there was the dim outline of a garden, which had been planted but had never received its first hoeing, owing to those terrible shaking fits, though it was now harvest time.
the soldiers' swords are sharpened there, said mr. lorry.
the deepest part was found to be within one hundred feet of this, still farther in the direction to which i had inclined, and was only one foot deeper, namely, sixty feet.
croaked jacques three, as he read greedily.
i would not by any means consent to this, for it occurred to me that i really ought to have a little house-warming, and that there never could be a better opportunity.
it was as though upon the anvil of the new world all the troubles of the old, after being passed through a white-hot furnace, had been forged into something clear and splendid.
he very seldom said anything; but would sit by the fire in much the same attitude as he sat in his cart, and stare heavily at peggotty, who was opposite.
so manager peet joined hands with the lockport board of commerce and went at the job of righting this condition.
the torches we carried dropped great blotches of fire upon the track, and i could see those, too, lying smoking and flaring.
they are all full of meaning and vitality to those who originate them, and to the direct disciples of the originators.
there is commonly sufficient space about us.
bare assent, memory and expectation are forms of belief; all three are different from what is believed, and each has a constant character which is independent of what is believed.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
i confess that i expected to see my sister denounce him, and that i was disappointed by the different result.
i am afraidsore afraidthat this purpose originated in my sense of the contrast there would be between me and joe, if we went to the coach together.
the senator had been denying that the democratic party was corrupt; it was always the republicans who bought the votes, he said--and here was jurgis shouting furiously, it's a lie!
and he had mine off my neck in a moment, and tossed it to the woman.
i turned back, and inquired of my conductor, as we went along, how mrs. steerforth was.
and they were hurrying on to get this accomplished.
the united vastness and distinctness of this view so struck him, that he no longer asked if he might shake hands with me, but said he really must,and did.
i did the same; and if i had turned myself upside down before drinking, the wine could not have gone more direct to my head.
the woman was more tractable, and for a dime jurgis secured two thick sandwiches and a piece of pie and two apples.
perhaps i ought not to be at all surprised to see you as you are now: i know so little of you.
it thrilled him with a great dread of discovery; but the man went on.
to avoid this danger, the writer must decide just what his purpose is to be.
mary antin herself accepted the is this paragraph girls' invitation to attend the graduation out of logical order?
what is the central motive in goldsmith's life as found by thackeray?
and we take no heed of the law which says that men may not think of women, save at the time of mating.
also to tell you, that you had best seek that home of yours, with all speed, and hide your head among those excellent people who are expecting you, and whom your money will console.
my good sir, returned mr. micawber, you recall me, i am obliged to you.
even persons who read new books rely to some extent on special articles for the latest information about current topics.
the romanist thinks of a legal transaction as a willing of some change in a person's sphere of rights to which the law, carrying out his will, gives the intended effect.
common sense and science hold that there are.
next day, when we were returning to london outside the coach, mrs. gummidge and her basket were on the seat behind, and mrs. gummidge was happy.
said i. hes an invalid now, replied herbert.
she was immediately deposed, however, by herbert, who silently led me into the parlor and shut the door.
every path but your own is the path of fate.
i have no hope that i shall ever call you mine, estella.
if there ever was a time when i felt unwilling that you should have a sorrow or anxiety which i could not share, it is now.
you might have been in earnest in striving to get on in the world, without being so very sudden with a timid, loving, inexperienced girl.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
cried miss havisham, passionately striking her stick upon the floor; you are tired of me.
when everything has been done that can be done by method, a stage is reached where only direct philosophic vision can carry matters further.
not lack of subjects, but inability to recognize the possibilities of what lies at hand, is their real difficulty.
which the playacting have likeways brought him to london along with me.
but it really is doubly and trebly hard to have crowds and multitudes of people turning up after him (i could have forgiven him), to take ladybird's affections away from me.
there is some word, one single word which is not in the language of men, but which had been.
massachusetts and pennsylvania, both industrial states, are on opposite sides.
i mentioned my reason for desiring to avoid observation in the village, and he lauded it to the skies.
i cannot call to mind where or when, in my childhood, i had seen a stained glass window in a church.
i was not so savagely independent as to say anything in reply, but that if ever i borrowed money of anyone, i would borrow it of her.
yet it has its law to which it thunders obedience when it should as surely as the buds expand in the spring.
this leads to a discussion of the very prevalent view that number is really something psychological and subjective, a view which frege emphatically rejects.
his whole family, if i may so express it, were cleared for action.
the child says of a sudden, fishermans daughter, heres a shell!
consider how natural and how plain it is, my dear, that it should be so.
the success of great scholars and thinkers is commonly a courtier-like success, not kingly, not manly.
then dora laughed, and held them a little closer to jip, to make him.
though it is now dark, the wind still blows and roars in the wood, the waves still dash, and some creatures lull the rest with their notes.
here we have a relation between two places, and it seems plain that the relation subsists independently of our knowledge of it.
she quickly brought them down and handed them in;--and immediately afterwards leaned against the door-post, knitting, and saw nothing.
this method differs from analysis, perhaps, in that it treats the subject throughout as a unit rather than as a congregation of parts.
i rose with all alacrity, to acquit myself of this commission.
there we sat together under that part of the roof which leaked the least, while it showered and thundered without.
they had postponed their breakfast on my account, and we sat down to table together.
i thought she seemed, upon the whole, relieved by the prospect of having any today.
from me too, a veil seemed to be drawn, and i felt strong and well.
by answering each call on his own motorcycle--about an hour daily--the repairman kept equipment in such good shape that valuable extra service was secured from the fleet each day.
fire, too, was awakened thus early to put the vital heat in him and get him off.
but not to an englishman; to one who, like herself, is french by birth.
the faintest assured objection which one healthy man feels will at length prevail over the arguments and customs of mankind.
he forged wills, this blade did, if he didnt also put the supposed testators to sleep too.
he would have cut off one hand for tommy hinds; and to keep hinds's hotel a thing of beauty was his joy in life.
all the fifteen were condemned, and the trials of the whole occupied an hour and a half.
some half-dozen times a year, at most, he claimed his privilege of coming in uninvited, and would sit among them through the evening, as he had once done often.
she was sick and miserable, and often she would barely have strength enough to drag herself home.
it is neither in space nor in time, neither material nor mental; yet it is something.
he was in his usual morning dress, and his face (which mr. lorry could distinctly see), though still very pale, was calmly studious and attentive.
by courtesy of the publishers, charles scribner's sons, new york city.
it now shone brightly, through the door of communication.
nevertheless, this pond is not very fertile in fish.
of the children that applied at the bureau last year to return to school.
i live ten miles from my county seat, and the postage required to send a five-pound, live-weight chicken, dressed and boxed, from my place to town is eight cents.
thats true, said estella, with a cold careless smile that always chilled me.
he stood in the doorway, looking mournfully on, seeing his friends and companions at work, and feeling like an outcast.
i am not fit to be pitted against you to-night.
it was taken to pieces, like a toy-puzzle for a young devil, and was put together again when the occasion wanted it.
happy to make your acquaintance, mr. copperfield, im sure.
numbers, in fact, must satisfy the formul of arithmetic; any indubitable set of objects fulfilling this requirement may be called numbers.
and since he is frequently expressing a mood, he will, so far as he can, adapt the style to the mood.
he who distinguishes the true savor of his food can never be a glutton; he who does not cannot be otherwise.
the little girl was on his lap and the little boys stood by and envied him.
it is only in the pullman service that he retains his old-time pride and prestige.
when you have got my ornaments ready i will wear them.
the word which will not die, should we all perish in battle.
it was as good when a week old as the day it was dipped, and had no taste of the pump.
our previous arguments concerning the colour did not prove it to be mental; they only proved that its existence depends upon the relation of our sense organs to the physical object--in our case, the table.
oh, my lungs and liver, will you go for threepence?
he said, looking to his bag, having seen you tonight, masr davy (and that doos me good!
there was a timid and suppressed woman in attendance (wife of the man down-stairs), who had retreated into a corner.
it's not my fault, sir-- jurgis usually went on until he was interrupted, but this man did not interrupt, and so at last he came to a breathless stop.
this is a little tool something the shape of a pistol--which a workman can easily hold in one hand.
even in our democratic new england towns the accidental possession of wealth, and its manifestation in dress and equipage alone, obtain for the possessor almost universal respect.
his employer would not allow him to be drunk.
but he followed in silence, and they went up the long flight of steps, arm in arm.
my shortest way home,--and i naturally took the shortest way on such a night--was through st. martins lane.
analyze this controlling purpose as to the subject itself, the author's personal reaction, and the intended readers--largely perhaps, the american people.
mrs. chillip, coming into a little property in that neighbourhood, under her fathers will, i bought a practice down there, in which you will be glad to hear i am doing well.
let us apply some of the other theories which are now current.
for the argument that excludes some things from private ownership may seem to apply more and more to land and even to movables.
said i, rapturously, for i knew by her clinging to me that it was.
he had some of his breath back when the car came to the entrance of the yards, and so he leaped off and started again, racing at full speed.
aint it compeyson as prays the judge to be protected, and gets two turnkeys stood betwixt us?
when i began shipping up there last september it was no uncommon thing for my packages to be so delayed that many chickens would spoil.
i thought afresh of the grave in the churchyard, underneath the tree: and it seemed as if the house were dead too, now, and all connected with my father and mother were faded away.
every fine straight line in the clear whiteness of his face, was cruelly, craftily, and closely compressed, while he stood looking quietly at his nephew, with his snuff-box in his hand.
she gives it me, not displeased; and i put it to my lips, and then into my breast.
i never saw my aunt unbend more systematically to anyone.
to higher motives the task of popularizing science makes a still stronger appeal.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
delighted to be of any service to her, i ran back to fetch it.
in our bodies, a bold projecting brow falls off to and indicates a corresponding depth of thought.
did i say we could depend upon no better man?
echoing footsteps a wonderful corner for echoes, it has been remarked, that corner where the doctor lived.
they would be as proud to see you as i am, if they was at home.
there is an advantage, therefore, in getting away from formal advice and directions and in describing actual processes as they have been carried on successfully.
he had already glanced at his hands more than once.
except as they were to be compelled to respect the rights of others, which the natural man or ideal man would do without compulsion as a matter of reason, men were to be left free.
and he looked at me with a new and wondering respect, which was rather amusing, but very dear.
uriah stopped short, put his hands between his great knobs of knees, and doubled himself up with laughter.
so we hit on the scheme of having each man subscribe to the amount he personally is able to finance.
in most criticism we are likely to find more than one method employed, often all three.
i do not, said mr. micawber, regret my hair, and i may have been deprived of it for a specific purpose.
there are signs that some earnest young writers are discovering the fertility of a soil that has scarcely been scratched.
for an instant, i supposed that the doctor was ill.
(i thought this pretty well in him who had been praising up the pork for being so plump and juicy.)
it is more than curious to sit in these rooms, in the filthiest spot in london, and listen to moszkowsky, tchaikowsky, and sibelius, played by a factory girl.
lighter and lighter, until at last the sun touched the tops of the still trees, and poured its radiance over the hill.
the engines, of course, need to be in the center, for they represent considerable weight, which, if not balanced, will cause one end of the ship to float too high in the water.
i thank you, sir, returned mr. littimer; i see my follies now, sir.
they, of course, are walden all over and all through; are themselves small waldens in the animal kingdom, waldenses.
and those are sure to be the times when some lynx-eyed inspector comes slipping aboard.
the mosquito man is appreciated now, and the community understands what he has done for them and what he is still doing--for the contract merely drained the salt marshes, doing away with the salt-water mosquitoes.
i always have liked a lighthouse play, and never have enjoyed acting so much, have never thrown myself into acting so deeply, as in a play of that sort.
over two hundred typical stories taken from representative american newspapers are here presented in a form convenient for college classes in journalism.
feeling that i could go but a very little way that day, if i were to reserve any strength for getting to my journeys end, i resolved to make the sale of my jacket its principal business.
every single improvement which has taken place either in the human mind or in institutions, may be traced distinctly to one or other of them.
from this kind of biography we draw our own conclusions of the hero; the producer sweeps aside the curtain, displays his people, bows, and leaves us to our comment.
on the drunken occasion in question (one of a large number, as you know), i was insufferable about liking you, and not liking you.
then, i went without my dinner, or bought a roll or a slice of pudding.
magazines that do not follow the staff system depend largely or entirely on contributors.
not more than one in ten had ever really tried it; the other nine had contented themselves with hearsay evidence and a peep through the door.
enough, that i saw my own feelings reflected in herberts face, and not least among them, my repugnance towards the man who had done so much for me.
the doctor was in his best condition, and looked specially young.
she had gladly assumed her new duties as home assistant, and had wept on the first christmas day with the family because it was the only christmas she had spent in years in a home atmosphere.
and that amazes me most in you, steerforth--that you should be contented with such fitful uses of your powers.
one man says, in his despair or indifference to life, take up a handful of the earth at your feet, and paint your house that color.
but he applied that maxim to our marriage, my dear; and that was so far prematurely entered into, in consequence, that i never recovered the expense.
this was bad enough; but, as the philosophic dane observes, with that universal applicability which distinguishes the illustrious ornament of the elizabethan era, worse remains behind!
one might have supposed him a child of the wilderness, long accustomed to live out of the confines of civilization, and about to return to his native wilds.
and he smeared his ragged rough sleeve over his eyes.
what was strangest of all was, that the only real relief which seemed to make its way into the secret region of this domestic unhappiness, made its way there in the person of mr. dick.
you've been at doctor manette's house as much as i have, or more than i have.
if i may umbly make the remark, said uriah heep, with a writhe, i fully agree with miss betsey trotwood, and should be only too appy if miss agnes was a partner.
one says to me, i wonder that you do not lay up money; you love to travel; you might take the cars and go to fitchburg to-day and see the country.
if we knew all the laws of nature, we should need only one fact, or the description of one actual phenomenon, to infer all the particular results at that point.
it is evident, however, that this explanation assumes the will theory, the subjective theory of legal transactions.
herbert would often come to hammersmith when i was there, and i think at those seasons his father would occasionally have some passing perception that the opening he was looking for, had not appeared yet.
her eyes occasionally filled with tears, but those she repressed.
so he tied up his feet, and went on limping about and coughing, until at last he fell to pieces, all at once and in a heap, like the one-horse shay.
croaked jacques three, who had come close up.
she never changed to her foolish peggotty, didnt my sweet girl.
he said it with a hard smile, and went on writing.
we had it in, in a twinkling, and immediately applied ourselves to carrying mr. micawbers idea into effect.
the apparent indeterminateness of the future, upon which some advocates of free will rely, is merely a result of our ignorance.
jane murdstone, said her brother, be silent!
little mowcher would have as much need to live, if she was the bitterest and dullest of pigmies; but she couldnt do it.
these time-relations hold between events which are not strictly instantaneous.
i do not remember that i ever saw a light in all the house.
carton, pressing forward, had already, with the speed of lightning, got him down into it, and stood over him, barefoot.
promptly at seven o'clock this same monday morning they will every one of them have to be in their places at durham's or brown's or jones's, each in his working clothes.
if we went back to hide in our tunnel, we would be found and our light found with us.
in the growing law of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries they were but guides to lead growth into definite channels and insure continuity and permanence in the development of rules and doctrines.
it was a genteel old-fashioned house, very quiet and orderly.
more than any other walk of life, hers was of an exacting nature, calling for intense powers of concentration both as regards the public and the police.
the waiter, who i supposed had lived in his churchwardens pew for forty years, could not pursue such an insignificant subject.
i have learned that the swiftest traveller is he that goes afoot.
miss micawber i found made snug for stormy weather, in the same manner; with nothing superfluous about her.
you have laid a foundation that any edifice may be raised upon; and is it not a pity that you should devote the spring-time of your life to such a poor pursuit as i can offer?
i can't undertake to find third parties in common sense; i can only find it for myself.
returned the young lady, who was very pretty and seemed very proud; come in, pip.
then, as i looked up at it, while it dripped, it seemed to my oppressed conscience like a phantom devoting me to the hulks.
the place where he stood was dimly lighted; but he could see a vast hall, with pillars fading into the darkness above, and a great staircase opening at the far end of it.
it-can't-be, muttered sydney carton, retrospectively, and idling his glass (which fortunately was a small one) again.
whether my aunt supposed, for the moment, that he kept her property in his neck-kerchief, i am sure i dont know; but she certainly pulled at it as if she thought so.
jurgis sat and exchanged thoughts with him about the old country, and the places where they had been and the work they had done.
the religious spirit is indestructible and constant in quantity like the sum of universal energy in which matches and suns are alike but momentary sparkles and phases.
a cycle of actions of this sort has marks by which it is broadly distinguished from the motions of dead matter.
theres others went out alonger me as has done well too, but no man has done nigh as well as me.
by this good day, i know not the phrase; but i will maintain the word with my sword to be a soldier-like word, and a word of exceeding good command, by heaven.
an enterprise to improve the style of cottage architecture!
it is frequently covered up by drifts, and, it is said, sometimes plunges from on wing into the soft snow, where it remains concealed for a day or two.
i told him no, and explained how it was that i had read it, and all those other books of which i have made mention.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
it is true, i might have resisted forcibly with more or less effect, might have run amok against society; but i preferred that society should run amok against me, it being the desperate party.
dr. jonnesco, who had landed in new york only two days before, had come to the united states with a definite scientific purpose.
joe fell into the deepest disgrace with both, for offering the bright suggestion that i might only be presented with one of the dogs who had fought for the veal-cutlets.
yet do this even till you can do better, and you may perhaps find some symmes hole by which to get at the inside at last.
as i rode back in the lonely night, the wind going by me like a restless memory, i thought of this, and feared she was not happy.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
the danger of the idealist is, of course, to become merely null and lose all grip of fact, particularity, or passion.
for myself i prefer black hair, because then the parting shows up better (fig.
in all that sorrow, from the moment, never to be forgotten, when she stood before me with her upraised hand, she was like a sacred presence in my lonely house.
we shall go to this council and we shall lay before them, as our gift, this glass box with the power of the sky.
there can be no very black melancholy to him who lives in the midst of nature and has his senses still.
whenever there is any real possibility of making it thus double the writer should so express it to himself.
perhaps tomorrow we can do better, said ostrinski.
he made some motion with his mouth, and seemed to think he had spoken; but he had only pointed to her with his outstretched hand.
the senior officers of the ship, a muster of seamen, a few stewards, are banded with us at the last.
after some delay and demur, the door grudgingly turned on its hinges a very little way, and allowed mr. jerry cruncher to squeeze himself into court.
i declared that nobody else should touch it; and this gave peggotty such delight that she went away in good spirits.
those frightful bills--how they had haunted her, each item gnawing at her soul all day and spoiling her rest at night.
let us be reasonable, said the spy, and let us be fair.
mr. micawber is going to a distant country expressly in order that he may be fully understood and appreciated for the first time.
then let him join hands with others if he wishes, but only beyond his holy threshold.
his lucid and exquisite prose, with its extraordinary wealth of quotation from the literature of all ages, and his unfailing humor and tenderness, put him in the first rank of didactic essayists.
before anyone could reply, jurgis started up; he went toward her, walking unsteadily.
moreover, i have tried it fairly, and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agree with my constitution.
properly used, this method, though it is sometimes rather formal, should result in great clearness through completeness of definition.
then he gripped the sides of the bed, and shut his teeth together, and turned white with agony, while the doctor pulled and wrenched away at his swollen ankle.
like other tyrannies, the tyranny of the majority was at first, and is still vulgarly, held in dread, chiefly as operating through the acts of the public authorities.
there is no better, the voluble vengeance protested in her shrill notes, in france.
as i stood aside to let that carriage pass, apprehensive that it might otherwise run me down, a head was put out at the window, and a voice called to the driver to stop.
it was so precious to me that i look back on these trifles, now, with an aching heart.
he shoveled black sand into an iron receptacle and pounded it tight and set it aside to harden; then it would be taken out, and molten iron poured into it.
i hope, bursting into tears, i may not repay him by doing him harm to-day.
my aunt evidently liked the offer, though she was delicate of accepting it.
the pay was poor; it averaged two dollars a week.
they are not to be got rid of, for six months at least, unless they could be underlet, and that i dont believe.
when she held her hands out she took her eyes from mr. jaggers, and turned them watchfully on every one of the rest of us in succession.
and when you do lie awake at night, it is always making its unobtrusive appeal.
the process of learning, which consists in the acquisition of habits, has been much studied in various animals.
but, by good fortune the greenhouse was not far off, and these words brought us to it.
i felt so grateful to agnes, and admired her so!
my aunt sitting on a quantity of luggage, with her two birds before her, and her cat on her knee, like a female robinson crusoe, drinking tea.
the legions of these myrmidons covered all the hills and vales in my wood-yard, and the ground was already strewn with the dead and dying, both red and black.
said mr jaggers, waving his hand at them to put them behind him.
if any unavoidable change has come, in the sequence of time, upon our married life, you are not to blame.
copperfield, he said, there must be two parties to a quarrel.
yet the one little fact is more likely to be important for the future than the system with which it is inconsistent.
if this is true, we cannot define belief by the effect on voluntary movements.
why at least had they not left him alone--why, after they had shut him in jail, must they be ringing christmas chimes in his ears!
you need have good cards, sir, said the spy.
a ruddy and lusty old dame, who delights in all weathers and seasons, and is likely to outlive all her children yet.
well, sir, her cousin--you know its a cousin shes going to be married to?
jurgis was required to stay in the bath longer than any one, in the vain hope of getting out of him a few of his phosphates and acids.
how long would you say, wise reader, it takes to make an american?
it was not with me then, as it was in later life, when i fell into the society of the passions, and compared them with collins and wopsle, rather to the disadvantage of both gentlemen.
such were the stockyards during the strike; while the unions watched in sullen despair, and the country clamored like a greedy child for its food, and the packers went grimly on their way.
but you can learn, she returned; and you are a clever, clever man!
free will in any valuable sense must be compatible with the fullest knowledge.
for interest and variety, conversation, interviews and other forms of direct quotation, as well as informal narrative, may be employed.
he was doing it to somebody as hard as he could, you can be sure of that, said his friend.
each day they added new workers, and could be more stern with the old ones--could put them on piecework, and dismiss them if they did not keep up the pace.
but there he was, in church, and he walked home with us afterwards.
here he received a great surprise, for when he was describing the location of the hotel ostrinski interrupted suddenly, not hinds's!
this assimilation, as soon as the true nature of scientific causal laws is realised, is seen to be a sheer mistake.
his own pride is always to have the ready change, to speak the exact and proper word, to give to every occasion the dignity of wise speech.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
you have business before you; useful business.
the logic which thus arises is not quite disinterested or candid, and is inspired by a certain hatred of the daily world to which it is to be applied.
wemmick, having finished his breakfast, here looked at his watch, and began to get his coat on.
i think you may take that liberty, the doctor answered, smiling.
here the author is the logical thinker who draws the conclusions of careful meditation and says: such was the significance of this man, this woman.
you are a self-denying soul, said my aunt, and will have your reward.
pufendorf rests his whole theory upon an original pact.
i dont mean to imply that he wont, said i, but it might make you hold your tongue about us and our money, i should think.
i have only noticed them from over the way, because if the broker saw me, bless you, hed ask any price for them!
it had no such suggestion for the people in the yards.
they could not see that economical management by masters meant simply that they, the people, were worked harder and ground closer and paid less!
i do not hold one natural gift, i dare say, that i have not abused.
the doctors desire that annie should be entertained, was therefore particularly acceptable to this excellent parent; who expressed unqualified approval of his discretion.
to everybody in succession, captain hopkins said: have you read it?--no.---would you like to hear it read?
i cannot leave him even now, without remembering with a pang, at once his modest fortitude and his great sorrow.
you are a good man and a true friend, said carton, in an altered voice.
some ran wildly up and down along the beach, crying for help where no help could be.
its a mort of water, said mr. peggotty, fur to come across, and ony stay a matter of fower weeks.
he brings the outside point of view; and, because modern business runs toward narrow specialization, the outside point of view is pretty nearly always welcome, provided it is honest and sensible.
i repeatedwhen herbert murmured in my ear, probably wopsle.
what i wish is, that parties was brought up stronger-minded.
i have tracked you through it all, and i tell it you all.
i gave him a look, but no other answer; and, going to my good old master, said a few words that i meant to be words of comfort and encouragement.
he came to the door that had been pointed out to him, and there he waited for nearly two hours.
these physical objects are in the space of science, which we may call 'physical' space.
in the former case it can be called a perception; in the latter it cannot be so called.
i call it quite my monomania, it is such a subject of mine.
he was a heavy-jowled banker and had many millions.
chinese rugs can be recognized instantly by their colors, which are determined by their backgrounds, the reverse of the persian method, which is to make the design the principal color medium.
whereupon, monsieur gabelle did heavily bar his door, and retire to hold counsel with himself.
doctor strong, of course, returned the other; i call him the old doctor; its all the same, you know.
i may remind you of the proposition of hippodamus in the fifth century b. c. that there were but three subjects of lawsuits, namely, insult, injury and homicide.
when the reptile is attacked at one mouth of his burrow, he shows himself at another.
in various parts of the country there have now been established schools where young women may learn the ways of trees and shrubs, vegetables and flowers, and may do experimental work among the growing things themselves.
jurgis got himself a place in a boardinghouse with some congenial friends.
a plea when the newly-married pair came home, the first person who appeared, to offer his congratulations, was sydney carton.
without condemning the intrinsic theory, we can define discomfort and pleasure as consisting in causal properties, and say only what will hold on either of the two theories.
i have thought a good deal about it, my dear aunt, and i have talked a good deal about it with steerforth.
daily the beans saw me come to their rescue armed with a hoe, and thin the ranks of their enemies, filling up the trenches with weedy dead.
be kind for once, and sing us an irish song.
marija had only about twenty-five dollars left.
if i should prowl about the streets a long time, don't be uneasy; i shall reappear in the morning.
i have a heart to be stabbed in or shot in, i have no doubt, said estella, and of course if it ceased to beat i should cease to be.
this made possible much greater speed in printing, and led in turn to the development of the great modern newspaper and magazine presses, fed by huge rolls of paper, which they print on both sides simultaneously.
if such a combination of appeals can be made at the very beginning of the article, it is sure to command attention.
this is him untoe the sister of which i was uncle by marriage, as her name was georgiana mria from her own mother, let him deny it if he can!
when should i awaken the heart within her that was mute and sleeping now?
after that, his great delight was to produce it when it was wanted, sticking to the lining of his pocket, in a partially melted state, and pocket it again when it was done with.
when it rained he would find a deserted building, if he could, and if not, he would wait until after dark and then, with his stick ready, begin a stealthy approach upon a barn.
i thought he looked as if he did, said i.
no, copperfield, says he, gravely, thats not a dog.
these were the last, and the company was going out of business, so if any one wished to take advantage of this wonderful no-rent plan, he would have to be very quick.
the civilization of the time did not involve the corollaries of our jural postulate.
there was a low plastered ceiling to a part of it; the rest was open, to the ridge of the tiled roof, and there were beams across.
they had torn out the tongue of the transgressor, so that they could speak no longer.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
o. henry gave these tales neither extension nor prominence; so far as i know, they were received without bravos or salvos.
they were just beginning to adjust themselves to this necessity, when out of the clear sky there fell a thunderbolt upon them--a calamity that scattered all their hopes to the four winds.
for just then two of her friends came out of the court, each with a boy.
at least after the middle of the eighteenth century equity was supposed to follow the law as to what was a contract.
it was not a fit school generally for my son, said she; far from it; but there were particular circumstances to be considered at the time, of more importance even than that selection.
the leaves had edges of silver that trembled and rippled like a river of green and fire flowing high above us.
thus advised, mrs. pocket took it the other way, and got its head upon the table; which was announced to all present by a prodigious concussion.
for what are the classics but the noblest recorded thoughts of man?
such weakness shames the established church.
the first of psychology or an outcome of pscyhical processes as the north sea.... of psychology or an outcome of psychical processes as the north sea.... according to the length and direction of the interval.
dora made him lie down by her, with a good deal of persuasion; and when he was quiet, drew one of his long ears through and through her hand, repeating thoughtfully, even little jip!
these discussed the political situation from every point of view, and all that troubled jurgis was the impossibility of carrying off but a small part of the treasures they offered him.
i knew you wouldn't know where i was, and i didn't know what you might do.
it can have no pure right over my person and property but what i concede to it.
i say nothing to miss shepherd, but we understand each other.
according to this view, physical objects will, for example, really have colours, and we might, by good luck, see an object as of the colour it really is.
a society to forbid learning to play the trombone (or cornet or piano or anything else).
the doctor turned, with his hand upon the fastening of the window, and said, with a cool, bold smile: my dear friend, i have a charmed life in this city.
the great bonnet on miss mowchers head, and the greater bonnet on the wall, began to go backwards and forwards again when she asked this question.
jurgis began again, speaking more slowly and distinctly; before he was half through the other put out his hand and rested it upon his shoulder.
the night should have turned more wet since i came in, for he had a large souwester hat on, slouched over his face.
your duty is to understand and love, not to preach about the character.
shall i ever forget how, in a moment, he was the most sanguine of men, looking on to fortune; or how mrs. micawber presently discoursed about the habits of the kangaroo!
said monsieur defarge to himself; i don't know you.
owing to some confusion in the dark, the door was gone.
near the bottom, somebody fell, and rolled down.
and the mere sight of the torment, with his fishy eyes and mouth open, his sandy hair inquisitively on end, and his waistcoat heaving with windy arithmetic, made me vicious in my reticence.
in the meantime, i learnt lessons at home.
he was happy in the return he had made her, he was recompensed for his suffering, he was proud of his strength.
to show the effect of the general rise in standards of education.
we can now begin to understand one of the fundamental differences between physics and psychology.
if you please, sir, would you have the goodness to walk in, and speak to miss dartle?
then there is least somnolence in us; and for an hour, at least, some part of us awakes which slumbers all the rest of the day and night.
the capitalist had called upon the specialist braced for a possible sentence of death, prepared at the least to be informed that he was suffering from a progressive mental malady.
on wednesday evening at seven o'clock he starts east and is due in new york about dawn on friday morning.
in the midst of them is a tall man with his arms bound--tied to his sides--like this!
but that poor dream, as i once used to call it, has all gone by, biddy,all gone by!
this he assured me was the only encumbrance.
his arm trembled as it raised her, and supported her head.
it was enough that he could and did see her when the chances served, and on that possibility she would have waited out the day, seven days a week.
i walked--i walked all night, i think, and--and i only got home--this morning.
then jurgis went one way and his friend the other, walking briskly.
cleanliness is next to godliness, and some people do the same by their religion.
thats not catching, trot, at any rate, remarked my aunt, turning to me.
for, we always ran into new debt immediately, to the full extent of the margin, and sometimes, in the sense of freedom and solvency it imparted, got pretty far on into another margin.
in company with the dear doctor were two professional people, evidently connected with the law, and they were all three standing at the table: the darling doctor pen in hand.
he went off with a slow and steady progress, as all our peasants do, making their walking a part of the easy but continual labor of their lives.
well, said joe, passing the poker into his left hand, that he might feel his whisker; and i had no hope of him whenever he took to that placid occupation; your sisters a master-mind.
for after all the hard work a man did, he was paid for only part of it.
he was perfectly sober, was the admiral.
if you know neither author nor title, look for the general subject heading.
in the course of the summer i had discovered a raft of pitch-pine logs with the bark on, pinned together by the irish when the railroad was built.
he then perforce accepted a norman king, as he had accepted a danish one, hoping, as always, that the king would not trouble him too much.
natural law was a philosophical theory for a period of growth.
but i find it difficult to remember them.
the capacious lung, the thundering or the tender vocal chords.
may he never leave us but to better himself, and may his success among us be such as to render his bettering himself impossible!
to get the best results from the treatment he ought to leave every business interest behind him, he was told.
there were ups and downs at the business; but there was always a living, inside of a jail, if not out of it.
and ill take as much care of your mama, davy.
you look into his pail with wonder as into a summer pond, as if he kept summer locked up at home, or knew where she had retreated.
hed have their lives, and the lives of scores of em.
now, this emotional quality, when it is uncontrolled, is dangerous.
it may be objected that although it is sufficient for the purposes of contemporary caricature to represent mr. gladstone as a collar or mr. chamberlain as an eye-glass, it is an inadequate record for posterity.
if the above account is correct, all our knowledge of truths depends upon our intuitive knowledge.
it had been almost dark before, but now it seemed quite dark, and soon afterwards very dark.
about a year later, however, this business man sent for the salesman again.
there are some other politicians of whom that may be said.
so, too, the sudden re-association of a derived sense with the central meaning of a word may produce a considerable change in effect.
he smiled inwardly, and resolved that the great drama should be performed.
such a mode of thought was congenial to the lawyers who were active in support of royal authority in the centralizing french monarchy of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries and through them passed into public law.
for forty-one, ten, eleven and a half, and i am happy to recover my moral dignity, and to know that i can once more walk erect before my fellow man!
and she had suffered--so cruelly she had suffered, such agonies, such infamies--ah, god, the memory of them was not to be borne.
why, the plain state of the case, mrs. micawber, said traddles, mildly breaking the truth to her.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
the justices seat themselves; the attorneys at the bar and visitors do likewise.
no one knows the span of your life, and yet the insurance man is willing to bet upon it.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
as the doctor turned his kind face, with its smile of simplicity and gentleness, towards her, she drooped her head more.
the voice was bland, smooth, and very friendly.
we are going round the corner a few blocks up the strand, to covent garden market, to see the arrival of the metropolitan supply of produce.
her fingers stopped for the first time, as she retorted rather angrily, what have i told you?
he is a /sophomore an oblique line drawn from right to left through a capital letter indicates that it is to be set in lower case; thus, he is a sophomore.
each is only observable by one observer.
though the view from my door was still more contracted, i did not feel crowded or confined in the least.
any amount of however interesting comment that fails to accomplish the two necessities of definition, statement of the genus and the differentia, is futile; it is not definition.
the biologist of today sometimes doubts whether there are species and disclaims higher groups as more than conveniences of study.
the shadow attendant on madame defarge and her party seemed to fall so threatening and dark on the child, that her mother instinctively kneeled on the ground beside her, and held her to her breast.
the verbal reaction is, of course, the most important from the point of view of what may be called knowledge of universals.
on our arrival in denmark, we found the king and queen of that country elevated in two arm-chairs on a kitchen-table, holding a court.
he discovered that the title deeds were all in heaven--while all other claims were by squatters' rights outside the garden of eden.
battle, to which all knights were bred, was penitential to him.
the night veils without doubt a part of this glorious creation; but day comes to reveal to us this great work, which extends from earth even into the plains of the ether.
things swam blood before him, and he screamed aloud in his fury, lifting his victim and smashing his head upon the floor.
then jip growled, and wouldnt smell them.
i see in my mind a herd of wild creatures swarming over the earth, and to each the herdsman has affixed some barbarous sound in his own dialect.
and we shall organize them, we shall drill them, we shall marshal them for the victory!
with that he fairly ran away; and to the best of my knowledge, it was three days before he showed himself in the commons again.
with flashing eyes, she stamped upon the ground as if she actually did it.
indeed, everybody seemed to be slinking away, and as i sipped my vodka, and felt it burn me with raw fire, i cursed news editors and all publics which desired to read about murders.
this time it is another sort of a dance, a lithuanian dance.
all that fall and winter we kept doggedly at our game of substitution.
these things were within mr. jarvis lorry's knowledge, thoughts, and notice, when he rang the door-bell of the tranquil house in the corner, on the fine sunday afternoon.
silence yourself, said steerforth, turning red.
the rattle of the harness was the chink of money, and more drafts were honoured in five minutes than even tellson's, with all its foreign and home connection, ever paid in thrice the time.
they was married, and they live fower hundred mile away from any voices but their own and the singing birds.
she went to bed soon after this, and mrs. steerforth retired too.
mr. mell took his meals with the boys, but mr. sharp dined and supped at mr. creakles table.
what is called perception differs from sensation by the fact that the sensational ingredients bring up habitual associates--images and expectations of their usual correlates--all of which are subjectively indistinguishable from the sensation.
after a good deal of squabbling, said my aunt, i got him; and he has been here ever since.
i am glad that time has softened you so much, miss dartle.
this ladys name was mrs. coiler, and i had the honor of taking her down to dinner on the day of my installation.
soldiers on service are denied this aid to assurance.
for which reason, doctor manette, said darnay, modestly but firmly, i would not ask that word, to save my life.
whoever was below had stopped on seeing my lamp, for all was quiet.
with the exception of his new orleans, i care little for his south and west, which are a boyish south and west, and as little, or even less, for his spanish-american communities.
there was only joy in them, and pride, a pride holier than is fit for human pride to be.
said miss mowcher, taking out her handkerchief again, and giving one little stamp on the ground whenever, at short intervals, she applied it to her eyes with both hands at once.
another time when winslow visited them, it being a season of plenty with them, there was no deficiency in this respect.
my dear mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, of your friendly interest in all our affairs, i am well assured.
why do you, a stranger coming into my rooms at this time of the night, ask that question?
he seemed to be very fond of my mother--i am afraid i liked him none the better for that--and she was very fond of him.
sometimes you file a bill in chancery against them and go to bed.
i heard the mice too, rattling behind the panels, as if the same occurrence were important to their interests.
if it penetrates to him, sir, said mr. micawber, striking himself on the breast, it shall first pass through this body!
the writer, then, as the producer, must furnish wares that will attract and satisfy the readers of the periodical to which he desires to sell his product.
this wasn't a world in which a man had any business with a family; sooner or later jurgis would find that out also, and give up the fight and shift for himself.
i was surprised to see how thirsty the bricks were which drank up all the moisture in my plaster before i had smoothed it, and how many pailfuls of water it takes to christen a new hearth.
i determined to make no resolutions until the expiration of those three months, but to try.
for there had reached us on the wings of the wind and rain, a long shout.
at the end of six days every cent of jurgis' money was gone; and then he went out on the streets to beg for his life.
the poet or the artist never yet had so fair and noble a design but some of his posterity at least could accomplish it.
thus, in seeking our definition of number we have arrived so far at the result that numbers are properties of general terms or general descriptions, not of physical things or of mental occurrences.
he wanders into the bypaths of association because the bypaths are delightful.
in fact, a certain number of instances are needed to make us think of two abstractly, rather than of two coins or two books or two people, or two of any other specified kind.
about every fourth bee goes to the woods, and now that they have learned the way thoroughly they do not make the long preliminary whirl above the box, but start directly from it.
in order to meet this feeling, we must now turn to the logical basis of arithmetic, and consider the logical definition of numbers.
the stronger will win in the end, but the stronger has to be found out first.
and then looked all round the room, and paused with his pocket-handkerchief in his hand, half-way to his nose.
as the last thing on earth that his heart was to warm and soften to, it warmed and softened to this pitiable girl.
orthodox christians who are tempted to think that those who stoned to death the first martyrs must have been worse men than they themselves are, ought to remember that one of those persecutors was saint paul.
masr davy, he said, in a low tremulous voice, when it was covered, i thank my heavnly father as my dreams come true!
he wants to buy real food and not table decorations.
you have acted as if you do; but i don't think you do.
you have just come back, said i, and it would be in vain to ask you to go with me?
he kept a lodging over the little chandlers shop in hungerford market, which i have had occasion to mention more than once, and from which he first went forth upon his errand of mercy.
the mass of men are still and always young in this respect.
here the stimulus is the calendar, whereas the response concerns the future.
so much too loving and too good for anyone that i could think of, was it possible that she was reserved to be the wife of such a wretch as this!
or she has perhaps a ladylike air and a figure on which a mantle looks well.
if the public felt that their wills were in safe keeping, and took it for granted that the office was not to be made better, who was the worse for it?
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
he assumed an expression of gloomy intelligence (though i am persuaded he knew no more about the discussion than i did), and highly approved of the discretion that had been observed.
she is a tall, slim, stately girl from the foothills of the ozarks, from tahlequah, former capital of the cherokee nation.
that was a bid, so marija reported, after consulting her friend; and then there was an anxious conference at home.
but the space of science is neutral as between touch and sight; thus it cannot be either the space of touch or the space of sight.
in broad outline, the way this came about is as follows.
an emphatic beginning for a paragraph will insure attention for its contents.
transplanted, he quickly became an american institution.
look at me, peggotty, i replied; and see if i am not really glad, and dont truly wish it!
but you cannot upset the punt any more than you can discompose the englishman; the punt simply upsets you without seeming to be aware of it.
cried mr. mell, suddenly rising up, and striking his desk with the book.
he is a spiritual ancestor, leader of a movement, moulder of young minds, founder of a faith.
we come back to have our dinner, which lasts one hour.
when this little interruption was over, joe resumed: well, you see, pip, and here we are!
then he was gone; and the door was locked outside; and i was lying, fevered and hot, and torn, and sore, and raging in my puny way, upon the floor.
how slight that bridge commonly is, how much an affair of trestles and wire, we can hardly conceive until we have trained ourselves to an extreme sharpness of introspection.
we all know you, citizen doctor, said the other three.
at home, also, there was more good news; so much of it at once that there was quite a celebration in aniele's hall bedroom.
besides, mike scully, whom he consulted, advised him that something might turn up before long.
those of us who knew a little more of the language of the country acted as interpreters for the others.
then she began to whisper, one word at a time: i--was in--a house--downtown-- what house?
they will come regularly every evening to particular trees, where the cunning sportsman lies in wait for them, and the distant orchards next the woods suffer thus not a little.
the stalls of osborn street, usually dressed with foreign-looking confectionery, were also retiring.
we are confronted at this point by a fundamental question of social and political philosophy.
but she was proud of few things, and one was that she could ride anything that had four legs and hair.
i had not seen mr. wickfield for some time.
he'd just got in the door when you knocked.
on deck, i took leave of poor mrs. micawber.
we cannot stop now, even though it frightens us that we are alone in our knowledge.
it cannot have the faintest glimmer of the real power of my candle.
with what absurd emotions (for we think the feelings that are very serious in a man quite comical in a boy) i found myself again going to miss havishams, matters little here.
and as we all undress at night, in the dim light of the candles, our brothers are silent, for they dare not speak the thoughts of their minds.
lunch succeeded to our sight-seeing, and the short winter day wore away so fast, that it was dusk when the stage-coach stopped with us at an old brick house at highgate on the summit of the hill.
but you will not be able to see him, my poor child, and even if you could, it would be unsafe for you to make a sign of recognition.
to show the wonder of man's analytical powers.
the connected ambiguity in the word 'idea', which we noted at the same time, also causes confusion here.
i see him winning it so well, that my name is made illustrious there by the light of his.
if others are the machines to provide this provender, they are the machines to read it.
imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been.
that is not to deny the peculiar virtues of other nations; indeed, these virtues have largely contributed to the result.
he enjoyed himself thoroughly, and we all enjoyed ourselves, and were delightfully comfortable.
but, though it is an advantage to get the grass quite dry, yet it is not worth while to wait till the dew has risen.
she was a dutchwoman, enormously fat--when she walked she rolled like a small boat on the ocean, and the dishes in the cupboard jostled each other.
the clearest instance of what i mean is recollection of a past event.
the only power deserving the name is that of masses, and of governments while they make themselves the organ of the tendencies and instincts of masses.
i say only that the study of the behaviour of living bodies, in the present state of our knowledge, is distinct from physics.
my eye had been caught by a gun with a brass-bound stock over the chimney-piece, and his eye had followed mine.
as to the quantity of wine, his post-office was as indifferent and ready as any other post-office for its quantity of letters.
yet, when he once got started, and his blood had warmed with walking, he forgot everything in the fever of his thoughts.
it is known only to myself, and to one other who may be trusted.
i am sorry, i returned, that there is only one bed here, and that i-- oh, dont think of mentioning beds, master copperfield!
one would throw another's hat out of the window, and both would go out to get it, and neither could be seen again.
they drew back from the window, and the doctor looked for explanation in his friend's ashy face.
the rollers in the trough, which is in reality a mechanical conveyor, are set in motion.
how do you manage, biddy, said i, to learn everything that i learn, and always to keep up with me?
somebody was leaning out of my bedroom window, refreshing his forehead against the cool stone of the parapet, and feeling the air upon his face.
its money, sir, said mr. peggotty, unfolding it a little way.
neither of us spoke of the boat, but we both thought of it.
here they come, fast, fierce, and furious!
you have done a stealthy and unbecoming action, mr. copperfield.
about midnight marija and elzbieta came home, exclaiming in alarm when they found that ona had not come.
then he came to a farm-house, and after getting himself a stick for protection, he approached it.
the winds you are going to tempt, have wafted thousands upon thousands to fortune, and brought thousands upon thousands happily back.
while i heard and saw the mother as she said these words, i seemed to hear and see the son, defying them.
it is extraordinary to me, said he, that you people cannot take care of yourselves and your children.
if this theory is to be logically tenable, self-evidence must not consist merely in the fact that we believe a proposition.
i think my mother would show me the book if she dared, but she does not dare, and she says softly: oh, davy, davy!
but a stronger hand than mine was laid upon her; and when she raised her frightened eyes and saw whose it was, she made but one more effort and dropped down between us.
here a man put shackles about one leg, and pressed another lever, and the body was jerked up into the air.
he naturally loves a certain person, on my account; and acts solely for a certain persons good.
on the whole, i think that it cannot be maintained that dressing has in this or any country risen to the dignity of an art.
neither is this of any interest to you; but it introduces what i wish to say.
likewise wot i'll stand by you, right or wrong.
there was another boy, one tommy traddles, who i dreaded would make game of it, and pretend to be dreadfully frightened of me.
carton, with his right hand in his breast, stood close beside him.
i had to put my hand behind his legs for the poker when i went up to the fireplace to stir the fire, but still pretended not to know him.
nothing has ever more moved, more delighted, more refreshed me; nor has the influence quite passed away.
if she had been born a queen bee, and they labouring bees, they could not have been more satisfied of that.
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
the scene may be pitched in london, on the sea-coast of bohemia, or away on the mountains of beulah.
perceiving that you really agree with some one with whom you have been violently squabbling.
she made a hasty gesture with her hand, as if to entreat my patience and my silence, and turned towards london, whence, as her dress betokened, she had come expeditiously on foot.
i suppose he was about five-and-twenty, but he usually spoke of himself as an ancient person.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
and almost immediately called for a candle, and went to bed, as if he were not quite safe anywhere else.
what had been a positive, creative theory of developing liability on the basis of intention, became a negative, restraining, one might say pruning, theory of no liability except on the basis of intention.
the weary lieutenant led us to the door of a little house in a side street.
and theyll all hate me for taking her away!
the vowel demands to be repeated; the consonant demands to be repeated; and both cry aloud to be perpetually varied.
also in memory i perceive that what i am remembering came before the present time.
ours is not as much as that yet; but it is enough to leave a wide and comfortable margin all around our wants.
it was shut; and as no one answered to my knocking, i went, by back ways and by-lanes, to the yard where he worked.
in france--who, knowing me to have been a prisoner in the bastille, would touch me, except to overwhelm me with embraces, or carry me in triumph.
experience has shown abundantly how futile legal machinery may be in its attempts to secure certain kinds of interests.
wemmick tightened his post-office and shook his head, as if his opinion were dead against any fatal weakness of that sort.
three of these theories are worth a moment's notice.
it is hardly necessary to recount the details.
in selecting material, in developing the article, and in testing the completed product, therefore, it is important to have a definitely formulated purpose.
hunger rattled its dry bones among the roasting chestnuts in the turned cylinder; hunger was shred into atomics in every farthing porringer of husky chips of potato, fried with some reluctant drops of oil.
the stability of american political opinion.
the muskrat will gnaw his third leg off to be free.
there was no gainsaying this difficulty, and we relinquished all thoughts of pursuing orlick at that time.
another important example of illegitimate interference with the rightful liberty of the individual, not simply threatened, but long since carried into triumphant effect, is sabbatarian legislation.
inquired dora, peeping over my shoulder into my face.
but my father were that good in his hart that he couldnt abear to be without us.
the ribbons round my little minnies neck now.
mrs. gummidge had been in a low state all day, and had burst into tears in the forenoon, when the fire smoked.
thats not an answer, sir, said mr. creakle, to my remark.
i never can do worse than i have done here.
concreteness in titles makes for rapid comprehension and interest.
there were groups of cattle being driven to the chutes, which were roadways about fifteen feet wide, raised high above the pens.
i got up from the meal, saying with a sort of briskness, as if it had only just occurred to me, well!
she looked all round the room in a glaring manner, and then said, leaning on me while her hand twitched my shoulder, come, come, come!
mr. jones tells us that theobald and christina pontifex, whose nakedness butler uncovers, were drawn without exaggeration from his own father and mother.
cried mrs. gummidge, coming between them, in a fit of crying.
failure to think of the right possibility leaves insoluble difficulties, balanced arguments pro and con, utter bewilderment and despair.
how dared you think that your mind held greater wisdom than the minds of your brothers?
why is it, then, that the people make such a sorry exhibition of themselves when they attempt to sing the patriotic songs of our country?
jurgis and ona heard these stories with dismay, for there was no telling when their own time might come.
such an arrangement does not mean that the sentence need trail off loosely in a series of phrases and clauses.
as he said these words with his eyes fixed on the writer, his hand slowly and softly moved down close to the writer's face.
regarded purely scientifically, this series a, b, c may equally well be considered in the inverse order, as they would be at a coroner's inquest.
i am sorry to say, said i, that i have some rather disheartening intelligence from my aunt.
for the first time he felt that in that sharp fire, he had slowly forged the iron which could break the prison door of his daughter's husband, and deliver him.
it is a belief that god not only abominates the act of the misbeliever, but will not hold us guiltless if we leave him unmolested.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
what but my fortunes sunk so low in night?
then, at the age of fifty-four, he set himself to build up a new fortune and a new glory, and he died one of the most successful and respected barristers in london.
the american civil war was the most tremendous upheaval in the world after the napoleonic period.
you all know the hard working milliner and, perhaps, have followed her career until she was lost to sight amid sickness and distress.
this unfortunate clergyman may have had something in him, but i judge that he lacked the gift of seeming as if he had.
the morning assistant was allowed a half hour at noon to eat her luncheon which she brought with her.
besides these readily classified forms of unusual statements, any novel, extraordinary expression that is not too bizarre may be employed.
we will now make a new start, adopting a different method.
the latter held to a doctrine of unshackling men and allowing them to act as freely as possible, which involved the complementary position of extending the sphere and enforcing the obligation of contract.
it is not fancy, said agnes, shaking her head.
the comedy, too, of life will be spread before you, and nobody laughs more often than the doctor at the pranks puck plays upon the titanias and the bottoms among his patients.
at last he could stand it no longer, and when the train stopped again he crawled out.
and this was another election in which the republicans had all the money; and but for that one hideous accident he might have had a share of it, instead of being where he was!
the former he hands to the lady, while the latter he holds with its edge upon the cord.
you watch with morbid interest the perverted sensations that arise in various parts of your body.
memory demands (a) an image, (b) a belief in past existence.
where the plaintiff's right was legal but the legal remedy was not adequate to secure him in what the legal right entitled him to claim, equity gave a concurrent remedy supplementing the strict law.
i gave your message, mr. barkis, i said: i wrote to peggotty.
when the sun sank beyond the mountains, the golden one fell asleep on the floor, amidst jewels, and bottles of crystal, and flowers of silk.
there is first our acquaintance with particular objects of daily life--furniture, houses, towns, other people, and so on.
thus, also, you pass from the lumpish grub in the earth to the airy and fluttering butterfly.
i fancy his figure before me now, standing near her sofa, with his rough cap in his hand, and the blue eyes of my child-wife raised, with a timid wonder, to his face.
for, says old orlick to himself, somehow or another ill have him!
to think that there might have been a mrs. lorry, any time these fifty years almost!
i had put them at a distance, and accepted my inevitable place.
it is unusually hard, owing to the recent severe but transient cold, and all watered or waved like a palace floor.
i moved the table, like a medium of the present day, by the vigor of my unseen hold upon it.
and then consider that, added to this competition in display, you have, like oil on the flames, a whole system of competition in selling!
his sole business was to talk to them and decide whether to insure or not.
let greater echoes resound as they would, the young mother at the cradle side could always hear those coming.
in the first place, we observe that any derived meaning may itself become the source of one or more further derivatives.
but still i felt as if my eyes must start out of my head, and as if this must be a dream.
still in the same moment, i saw that the face disclosed, was the face of the other convict of long ago.
where i took her into this wretched breast when it was first bleeding from its stabs, and where i have lavished years of tenderness upon her!
no one pretends that actions should be as free as opinions.
why, so i must have been, for you have grown quite thin and pale!
now, david, said mr. murdstone, a sullen obdurate disposition is, of all tempers, the worst.
the fortune of my spirit is not to be blown into coins of brass and flung to the winds as alms for the poor of the spirit.
due to causes in the brain which cannot be traced back to anything affecting the sense-organs.
upon this, the agedwho i believe would have been blown out of his arm-chair but for holding on by the elbowscried out exultingly, hes fired!
i should have gone to bed with a sore heart indeed under any other roof but that which sheltered little emlys head.
not only was he not there, but his box was gone.
the bank closed, the ancient clerks came out, the usual watch was set, and mr. cruncher and his son went home to tea.
the first thing to notice is that different senses have different spaces.
but, like you, i have done well since, and you must let me pay them back.
shall we with pains erect a heaven of blue glass over ourselves, though when it is done we shall be sure to gaze still at the true ethereal heaven far above, as if the former were not?
i meant, mr. creakle, he returned in a low voice, as i said; that no pupil had a right to avail himself of his position of favouritism to degrade me.
but note that the negligence here is a dogmatic fiction.
and that was all that he could get her to say--there was no use trying.
there is no more challenging quest than the search for the real truth at the core of a chosen subject.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
because you know its so dreadfully cross!
now, sitting in the trolley car, they realized that they were on their way to the home of it--that they had traveled all the way from lithuania to it.
mr. pip, ill put on my considering-cap, and i think all you want to do may be done by degrees.
you have a face to be remembered, and i remember faces well.
things are changed in this office, miss trotwood, since i was an umble clerk, and held your pony; aint they?
for my own part, i should not like to think that i ever rely on the protection of the state.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
i would almost sooner have seen the dear boy lying in his-- i said so!
i was flushed by her summary of delights, and replied that it would indeed be a treat, but what would my mother say?
beside, he tells us that he showed it to very few.
mr. peggotty went occasionally to a public-house called the willing mind.
i distinctly understood that he was working himself up with its contents to make an end of me.
respectin' a future spear o' life, miss, returned mr. cruncher, i hope so.
i never thought that i had a curious couple of guardians, in my aunt and mr. dick.
another important aid to clearness is to take care that nothing is mentioned for which the way has not been prepared.
mr. peggotty and ham knew what was in my thoughts as well as i did, and were ready with some supper and their hospitable faces to drive it away.
the prisoners in their shirt-sleeves were enjoying a chat and the evening air in the door-way, when i entered.
she was happy to see me so happy, and promised to call on doras aunts without loss of time.
upon my soul, i half believe he escaped in his terror, to get quit of me, not knowing it was me as had got ashore.
people who have never read any psychology seldom realise how much mental labour has gone into the construction of the one all-embracing space into which all sensible objects are supposed to fit.
could an article on the same subject, or on a similar one, be written for a newspaper in your section of the country?
no use taking em otherwise, my dear, said mr. omer.
there was a man in my neighborhood who lived in a hollow tree.
the three young women, who appeared to be very industrious and comfortable, raised their heads to look at me, and then went on with their work.
and when i said yes (for indeed she did), would seem to enjoy it greedily.
but, my ury-- will you hold your tongue, mother, and leave it to me?
by alliteration, balance, or rhyme, it may please the ear.
it means to them, pitifully enough, a respectability they have never been quite able to encompass.
when i bent down and said to him, dear joe, how are you?
for, in the first place, the prosecutions were not persisted in; and, in the second, they were never, properly speaking, political prosecutions.
at night, when i had gone to bed, joe came into my room, as he had done all through my recovery.
but we bought more stain and went to work.
in spite of that last humiliation, his heart was thumping fast with triumph.
at length i got out, joe, have you told biddy?
supposing there was no mistake in the case, and mr. murdstone had devised this plan to get rid of me, what should i do?
and also he labored under another handicap now.
for we did not understand what had made us do this, and we were afraid to understand it.
the gentle cheerfulness of agnes went to all their hearts.
i thought her more like him than ever i had thought her; and i felt, rather than saw, that the resemblance was not lost on my companion.
this means that in logical analysis you must continue the process of dividing until nothing is left.
once forrest journeyed in a private car to san francisco, caring for a certain big man.
what feeling do you have as to the fairness of the three treatments?
and as a supplement to the unavoidable imperfections of law, ought not opinion at least to organise a powerful police against these vices, and visit rigidly with social penalties those who are known to practise them?
by getting behind a group of shortish people and by standing on tiptoe i caught a fleeting view of the faces of nearly every one of the passing soldiers.
i felt it was a time for conversation and confidence.
* * on the vague and the general cf.
but in actual fact so much interpretation, so much of habitual correlation, is mixed with all such experiences, that the core of pure sensation is only to be extracted by careful investigation.
the criticism of introspection has been in the main the work of american psychologists.
by courtesy of the publishers, longmans, green & co., new york city.
i tell you, if ive gone too far, im sorry.
we will, however, not linger on this point; so long as its existence is realised, the exact outcome does not make any very great difference in our main problem.
and never will, pip, he retorted, with a frowning smile.
she had taken the advice of a friend and invested her savings in a bank on ashland avenue.
of these older people many wear clothing reminiscent in some detail of home--an embroidered waistcoat or stomacher, or a gaily colored handkerchief, or a coat with large cuffs and fancy buttons.
my gay butterfly is entangled in a spiders web then.
the fertilizer works of durham's lay away from the rest of the plant.
it has long been mine, and must remain mine.
bad logic and uneven expression beget failure.
in the music of the harp which trembles round the world it is the insisting on this which thrills us.
the fire was bright, the ashes were thrown up, the locker was ready for little emily in her old place.
in one of those pauses she recoiled and cried out, for she saw a figure standing in the room.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
there was no rest for it until it was cold and black--and then it needed only to be cut and straightened to be ready for a railroad.
i dropped into the office to ask if mr. jaggers had come in yet, and i found he had not, and i strolled out again.
i was very much frightened, and said, i hoped so, if he pleased.
i could not hear her disrespectfully mentioned, i added, without expressing my opinion in a decided tone.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
there are no bars on the windows, no walls or high fences about the farm.
on the contrary, try as he would, jurgis could not help being made miserable by his conscience.
the hedge is already started with hemlocks from the mountain side, put in last spring.
we found no other beds in the house, and then we knew that only two had lived here, and this passes understanding.
said i. o yes, i constantly expect to see him, returned herbert, because i never hear him, without expecting him to come tumbling through the ceiling.
their house was not obvious to vision; the trees grew through it.
the cause of her flight is too well understood, i said.
if induction remains at all, which is a difficult question, it will remain merely as one of the principles according to which deductions are effected.
or some other vivid bit of campus slang.
i said a moment ago that he was young and shy; and i admit that i slipped those epithets in without having justified them to you by due process of induction.
my terror, as i lay there, of falling ill, and being unfitted for to-morrow, was so besetting, that i wonder it did not disable me of itself.
what, then, makes us call them unreal in dreams?
there was nobody but himself, he intimated, worthy of my confidence, andin short, might he?
in very few cases is it economic necessity that drives a child to work.
the coffee-room at the blue boar was empty, and i had not only ordered my dinner there, but had sat down to it, before the waiter knew me.
and so forth, so often, that she got everything out of me she wanted to know.
the potential waiter waved him away, and turned, gravely, to me.
these are the lower rapids, a sight more terrifying than the falls, because less intelligible.
all of this might seem diabolical, but the saloon-keeper was in no wise to blame for it.
the study of the two special feature stories on the factory school shows how articles of this type are built up out of a number of units, such as examples, incidents, and statistics.
the first two comport with the doctrine of no liability without fault.
and by his friends, were her explanation, i mean into the hands of his sister mrs. j. gargery.
if you could do me that kind favour, masr davy, he replied.
the cut may heal, but you never can tell.
so naturally i am a keen friend and student of the drama: and i hate to think of it going all to pieces.
i had not considered how i should take leave of her; it came naturally to me at the moment to do this.
he was on his way to dig some one out of a grave.
perhaps it was because little emly was not at home.
walden is blue at one time and green at another, even from the same point of view.
the shoemaker looked up as before, but without removing a hand from his work.
here, comrade, he said, with a laugh, here is a place for you to begin.
there you sit, a being solitary and unsignaled--a point of thought, a mere center of calculation.
we have much to speak of to ourselves, and we hope we shall find the words for it in the days to come.
let him ware them, when hes lost his nevvy!
she would meet jurgis and ona in the evening, and the three would walk home together, often without saying a word.
monseigneur, i am flattered to devote myself to your orders.
he left jerry with them, as a figure to fill a doorway that would bear considerable knocking on the head, and returned to his own occupations.
a noble background of trees frames the gay picture with cool green foliage.
let us all work together, and harness this power, and make it ease the toil of men.
there were neither wharves nor houses on the melancholy waste of road near the great blank prison.
as for the axe, i was advised to get the village blacksmith to jump it; but i jumped him, and, putting a hickory helve from the woods into it, made it do.
a march is simply the means of getting so many men from one place to another in the quickest time and in the best possible condition.
noon coming, and the doctor not returning, and every minute's delay tending to compromise tellson's, mr. lorry advised with lucie.
at any rate the hindus carry the idea of religious obligation so far that a descendant is bound to pay the debts of his ancestor in many cases whether he receives any assets of the ancestor or not.
for gods sake, my dear doctor, said mr. wickfield again laying his irresolute hand upon the doctors arm, dont attach too much weight to any suspicions i may have entertained.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
i mourned for him who might have won the love and admiration of thousands, as he had won mine long ago.
american literature is one occupation which is not over-crowded, in which, indeed, there is all too little competition for the new-comer to meet.
i had been thinking of the winter as a horrid wet, dreary time fit only for professional football.
it was walker, my sweet pet, replied miss mowcher, and he came of a long line of walkers, that i inherit all the hookey estates from.
the man who yells until his face is purple and his throat is a candidate for the rest cure is not necessarily displaying college spirit--though he may possess it.
the soldier with the basket soon got a light, and lighted three or four torches, and took one himself and distributed the others.
the broadest and most prevalent error requires the most disinterested virtue to sustain it.
he could work passably with those which the law furnished if the law would but let him.
what a pity it is that we have lost the credulity and the wonder of childhood!
i was not averse to doing this, as it served to make me and my boat a commoner incident among the water-side people there.
every stone of its inner wall was covered by inscriptions which had been carved by prisoners--dates, names, complaints, and prayers.
i have only to tell her so, and she is sure to come.
so once more jurgis began to make plans and dream dreams.
i believe that i began to know that there was something about my aunt, notwithstanding her many eccentricities and odd humours, to be honoured and trusted in.
so we pass as a cloud of gnats, where i want to live and be thought of, if only by myself, as a distinguishable entity.
was he, too, on the hunt for pleasure, solemnly pursuing his bird?
as soon as we turn to informal essays we find this personal note.
his mouth was such a post-office of a mouth that he had a mechanical appearance of smiling.
i will only say, at parting, that you do him a great wrong.
mrs. sarah cowell le moyne, already well known as a teacher of elocution and acting, will be one of its members.
my worldly affairs began to wear a gloomy appearance, and i was pressed for money by more than one creditor.
you see some innocent fair shoots preparing to burst from his gnarled rind and try another years life, tender and fresh as the youngest plant.
his chain is invisible, but the ball is always to be seen--the earth itself.
marija clung to him tightly; he could hear ona sobbing and moaning above, and he fought to get away and climb up, without waiting for her reply.
one works best at night; another, in the morning; a majority of the students of the past favor the latter.
but we said: we shall go, none the less.
asked jurgis finally, almost in a whisper.
who of the millions whom he has amused doesn't love him?
i wondered what was the history of all the odd litter about the room, and how it came there.
that she should struggle against the fascinating influence of his delightful art--delightful nature i thought it then--did not surprise me either; for i knew that she was sometimes jaundiced and perverse.
among these importunate signs was one that had caught the attention of the family by its pictures.
few visitors ever saw them, and the few who did would come out looking like dante, of whom the peasants declared that he had been into hell.
occupation has become a legal transaction involving a unilateral pact not to disturb others in respect of their occupation of other things.
and yet, i was perverse enough to feel a chill and disappointment in receiving no welcome, and rattling, alone and silent, through the misty streets.
he is short and thick-set, with a full face, a heavy moustache hiding his mouth, and heavy eyebrows.
there had been sleeping cars before pullman built the pioneer, as he called his maiden effort.
peggotty, with some uneasy glances at me, curtseyed herself out of the room without replying; seeing, i suppose, that she was expected to go, and had no excuse for remaining.
alarm-bells ringing, drums beating, the sea raging and thundering on its new beach, the attack began.
really your business powers are very remarkable.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
on every hand were precipices and a wild confusion of rocks and trees.
yet the knowledge of such general propositions is quite vital to a great deal of what is generally admitted to be known.
one track alone leads up through it to the hills, and this is changeable: now green where men have little occasion to go, now a good road where it nears the homesteads and the barns.
but they did not answer, and we knew it.
a moth flying into a lamp is not acting sensibly; no more is a man who is in such a hurry to get his ticket that he cannot remember the name of his destination.
the numbers before it form an infinite series, containing all the ordinary finite numbers, having no maximum, no last finite number, after which one little step would plunge us into the infinite.
his was not a lazy trustfulness that hoped, and did no more.
we shall lose a fine opportunity if i put off going to cairo, and i am very much afraid i must go, handel, when you most need me.
i had not lived there a week before my feet wore a path from my door to the pond-side; and though it is five or six years since i trod it, it is still quite distinct.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
it is very solemn, for antanas rudkus has become possessed of the idea that he has not much longer to stay with his children.
if we are to avoid a perfectly gratuitous assumption, we must dispense with the subject as one of the actual ingredients of the world.
my aunt, however (who has sold the house at dover, to good advantage), is not going to remain here, but intends removing herself to a still more tiny cottage close at hand.
estella returned, and she too remained quiet.
the barberrys brilliant fruit was likewise food for my eyes merely; but i collected a small store of wild apples for coddling, which the proprietor and travellers had overlooked.
we couldn't expect our venerable aunt, or our delicate cousin, or our dignified grandmother to swing up into an upper berth, could we?
let the will of the council be done upon our body.
the most favorable climate and soil for each product selected; the exact requirements of the community known, and the acreage figured accordingly; the most improved machinery employed, under the direction of expert agricultural chemists!
my sister made a dive at me, and fished me up by the hair, saying nothing more than the awful words, you come along and be dosed.
we must now consider somewhat more closely the content of a memory-belief.
its as good a phrase as another, said steerforth.
governments show thus how successfully men can be imposed on, even impose on themselves, for their own advantage.
why do you not tell her to try dr. lanahan's life preservers?
pip, said he, we wont talk about poor dreams; you know more about such things than i, having much fresher experience of that kind.
rather alarmed by this summary action, i was for a little delay, and even hinted that our friend himself might be difficult to deal with.
i often performed this duty of hospitality, waited long enough to milk a whole herd of cows, but did not see the man approaching from the town.
this may be made clearer by the help of some examples.
the house seems to have been violently entered when joe gargery was out.
the hypothesis that other people have minds must, i think, be allowed to be not susceptible of any very strong support from the analogical argument.
only the defeated and deserters go to the wars, cowards that run away and enlist.
but tonight, for a reason we cannot fathom, we wish it were possible to us to know the likeness of our own person.
and wotsumeer the failings on his part, he were a corn and seedsman in his hart.
i have felt, and do even now feel, that to bring my love--even mine--between you, is to touch your history with something not quite so good as itself.
in going towards the door, i passed the person who had come in, and saw him plainly.
hence the first legal, as distinguished from religious, contract was worked out on the analogy of a real transaction.
but that very circumstance would be alarming, when we remember how identified he is with his son-in-law.
* when the process of fading is completed (which happens very quickly), we arrive at the image, which is capable of being revived on subsequent occasions with very little change.
this gave me opportunities of being with him that i could not otherwise have had.
it is suggested that motor memory is physiological, while visual and auditory memory are more truly psychological.
numerical figures are often used in the opening sentences to produce the impression of enormous size.
thats what your father and mother might both have been, heaven knows, and been the better for it.
do the paragraphs begin with important ideas?
the boy's eyes had slowly moved to him as he had spoken, and they now slowly moved to me.
i have been dining with the day's client; or seeing him dine--it's all one!
i wont speak to you, said dora, shaking her curls at my aunt.
are you one of the ninety-seven who fail, or of the three who succeed?
and though there is a smile under that clean mat of kinky white hair, it is not all habit--some of it is still anticipation.
i told him i had come up again to say how sorry i was that anything disagreeable should have occurred, and that i hoped he would not blame me much.
stevenson goes so far as even to say that the author's attitude is more important than the facts themselves.
let us take in illustration a case of memory.
i was roused from my amazement, and concern for her--i am sure, for her--by her falling on my neck, for a moment, and crying that she only grieved for me.
to please is to serve; and so far from its being difficult to instruct while you amuse, it is difficult to do the one thoroughly without the other.
and it is less likely that the foreseen volitions would be regrettable if the steps which would lead to them were also foreseen.
theres a man suspected, said mr. peggotty.
there was a club in the prison, in which mr. micawber, as a gentleman, was a great authority.
they perish from hunger and from the claws of the wild beasts which roam the forest.
i found them in the neat kitchen, accompanied by mrs. gummidge, who had been fetched from the old boat by mr. peggotty himself.
such cases are common in the experience of every mathematician.
his fingers were all frosted, it seemed.
use any of the following sentences as a nucleus sentence on which to build an informal analysis.
i wish to tell you what that is, and why i am in england.
she might have married twenty times, my dear, since you have been gone!
ona was kept up by her excitement, but all of the women and most of the men were tired--the soul of marija was alone unconquered.
if working every day were not my trade, i could get all the meat i should want by hunting,pigeons, woodchucks, rabbits, partridges,by gosh!
how old he was himself, i could not guess--and that again went to his credit on the same score; for in the calmness of respectability he might have numbered fifty years as well as thirty.
she was probably the only thoroughly sound-conditioned, healthy, and robust young lady that ever walked the globe, and wherever she came it was spring.
not as usual, i said, for she had never yet gone there without me; when was she coming back?
all these years have i maintained a righteous and excruciating self-control.
jurgis heard; but he had not a penny to give, and so his thoughts went elsewhere again.
with these popular notions in mind, a writer for newspapers and magazines may quite naturally conclude that figurative expressions have little or no practical value in his work.
every time a package was not delivered on schedule time the customer notified me, and i made complaint to the postmaster at chicago.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
then i said: my dearest one, it is not proper for men to be without names.
and thinking of the old un is a thing she never done, i do assure you, since she left england!
worst of all was the frightful bill that was still to come from graiczunas for the beer and liquor that might be consumed.
a long war, not with cranes, but with weeds, those trojans who had sun and rain and dews on their side.
miss mills alone could enter into my feelings thoroughly.
ignorant we must always be of much that we need to know, but there is no excuse for remaining ignorant of what somebody on earth knows or has known.
there was yet an upper staircase, of a steeper inclination and of contracted dimensions, to be ascended, before the garret story was reached.
no, of course not, retorted the old soldier.
we stopped under the lee of the lobster-outhouse to exchange an innocent kiss, and went in to breakfast glowing with health and pleasure.
she laid her gentle hands upon my shoulders, and looked calmly in my face.
so, when they stopped to bait the horse, and ate and drank and enjoyed themselves, i could touch nothing that they touched, but kept my fast unbroken.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
but so far we have seen no reason to think that the difference between sensations and images is only one of degree.
like the clock in miss havishams room, and like miss havishams watch, it had stopped at twenty minutes to nine.
in winter, such outdoor sports as skating, tobogganing, coasting, skeeing, snowshoeing, and lacrosse were varied by billiards, bowling, squash, the medicine ball, and basket and tether ball.
an act of thought; and thus we come to think that whiteness is mental.
i would not be too vehement, said agnes, gently, or propose too much.
likewise the reader, in such an article, will be of minor importance, for the article is addressed to general ordinary intelligence that desires a straightforward statement.
a fourth element, however, which plays a great part in the everyday administration of justice, is of quite another character.
it is in this way that the study of logic becomes the central study in philosophy: it gives the method of research in philosophy, just as mathematics gives the method in physics.
to--be--sure, said mr. omer, touching my waistcoat with his forefinger, and there was a little child too!
indeed, a greek writer on law and politics of the fifth century b. c. knew of no other subject of legal precepts.
for the tramp and her crew there was a stranger goal than was ever sought by an argosy of legend.
drummle, an old-looking young man of a heavy order of architecture, was whistling.
many a child was received with a welcoming smile when he brought to the campaign offices a ten-cent donation.
hence, it became the common ending of the noun.
to follow fishing conditions in the north sea occasioned by the great war.
on such an occasion i will give you, master copperfield, said mrs. micawber, in a little more flip, for we had been having some already, the memory of my papa and mama.
i was to be absent only one night, and, on my return, the gratification of his impatience for my starting as a gentleman on a greater scale was to be begun.
theres a charming piece of music by handel, called the harmonious blacksmith.
over a month ago he had been plowing the lower forty of old man huggins's farm.
hundreds of people the quiet lodgings of doctor manette were in a quiet street-corner not far from soho-square.
such institutions as tortious conveyance by the person seised in the common law are numerous in an early stage of legal development.
the store rule had been that cashiers paid for shortages in their accounts as--in our view--a penalty for carelessness; we did not care about the money.
for our face and our body were beautiful.
the latter is informational, it defines, proves; the former, seeking for friendlier and more personal relations with the reader, aims at suggestion, stimulation.
the winter came, and the place where he worked was a dark, unheated cellar, where you could see your breath all day, and where your fingers sometimes tried to freeze.
there were some with hose which threw jets of boiling water upon it, and others who removed the feet and added the final touches.
but the presence of colon bacilli in drinking water is an indication of the presence of a really dangerous thing--sewage.
changes in the united states system of public finance since hamilton's time, the equitable distribution of taxation, the benefits of the federal reserve movement in finance, forms of taxation, systems of credit.
but still she clung to him, wailing aloud in her despair: oh, jurgis, think what you are doing!
i apprehend, if you come to that, said mr. creakle, with his veins swelling again bigger than ever, that youve been in a wrong position altogether, and mistook this for a charity school.
say of you, miss manette, and although i know better--although in the mystery of my own wretched heart i know better--i shall never forget it!
there is much that i would like to say on the question of work, but i can spare only a few moments for a word or two.
the danger in this method is that the example chosen will not be entirely fair.
he might well be earning enormous profits one year and be skirting bankruptcy the next.
they are like the tear-forms swimming across the field of vision, which disappear so quickly when you concentrate your sight to look at them, and which reappear so magically when again your gaze turns vacant.
he stood and watched it; and all at once a wild impulse seized him, a thought that had been lurking within him, unspoken, unrecognized, leaped into sudden life.
i have thoroughly made up my mind about it.
he means, solicited by him, mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, archly.
they spent all their time thinking about it, and what they were going to put into it.
i nodded at him, and he nodded back again.
and bent his eyes upon me, as if he would have burnt me up with them.
it fits admirably with the phenomena of dreams and hallucinatory images, and it is recommended by the way in which it accords with mental development.
dear me, they are inexpensive, but they are quite wonderful!
the earnestness of my manner, and the tears in my eyes, alarmed her.
good lord, said he, a man that has to work as i do, if he does not forget the ideas he has had, he will do well.
the girls worked at a long table, and behind them walked a woman with pencil and notebook, keeping count of the number they finished.
there seemed never to be an end to the things they had to buy and to the unforeseen contingencies.
the chief virtue in note-taking is economy.
these are the coarsest mills, in which all gossip is first rudely digested or cracked up before it is emptied into finer and more delicate hoppers within doors.
that did very well, and returned very good interest, till betsey was paid off.
an ideal to which the world continuously approaches is, to these minds, too dead and static to be inspiring.
twenty eight, i understood, was also a bright particular star; but it was his misfortune to have his glory a little dimmed by the extraordinary lustre of twenty seven.
mr. clark once revealed to me the secret of his life.
we are at all times during our waking life receiving a variety of impressions, which are aspects of a variety of things.
i felt impatient of him and out of temper with him; in which condition he heaped coals of fire on my head.
three elements contributed to shift the basis of theories as to the end of law from wills to wants, from a reconciling or harmonizing of wills to a reconciling or harmonizing of wants.
in like manner i become aware of the relation of before and after in time.
regarding that as done, is there nothing i can do for you yourself?
i mourned for my child-wife, taken from her blooming world, so young.
the lack of systematic preparation has always been one of the troubles with our domestic helpers.
he was committed to take his trial at the next sessions, which would come on in a month.
in these cases, we have little hesitation in regarding them on successive occasions as appearances of one thing or collection of things.
i sat listening for a long while, but there was not a sound.
never mind what you have always longed for, mr. pip, he retorted; keep to the record.
he then argues that the law of property answers to the economic need of applying certain wealth to definite individual or collective uses and the consequent need that society guarantee and protect that application.
then there is the extension of such particular knowledge to particular things outside our personal experience, through history and geography, newspapers, etc.
she desired me to get into the chariot, and to tell the coachman to drive slowly up and down a little while.
it was too far off for santa claus in lithuania, but it was not too far for peace and good will to men, for the wonder-bearing vision of the christ child.
accordingly the sensation that we have when we see a patch of colour simply is that patch of colour, an actual constituent of the physical world, and part of what physics is concerned with.
fifteen years of unbroken silence before praise or blame testify sufficiently to my respect for criticism, that fine flower of personal expression in the garden of letters.
now look here my man, said mr. jaggers, advancing a step, and pointing to the door.
you must keep up your spirits, said mr. dick, and make yourself as comfortable as possible.
said traddles, whose eye the cunning red eye accidentally caught, as it at once scrutinized and evaded us.
but, they had no ears for anything in their surprise.
he bought the publication of most of the books produced in his lifetime.
i love to have mine before my window, and the more chips the better to remind me of my pleasing work.
monsieur the marquis ran his eyes over them all, as if they had been mere rats come out of their holes.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
theres a sheet of letter-paper, he returned.
although the only coherent part of the latter piece of literature were the opening lines, when i went to lunnon town sirs, too rul loo rul too rul loo rul wasnt i done very brown sirs?
it's nice to have somebody to wait on you, she observed, with a laugh, as she lay back on the bed.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
food and room cost at least five dollars a week, and most estimates are higher.
hell set and talk to her, with a calm spirit, wen its like he couldnt bring himself to open his lips to another.
i am afraid we present opportunities to people to do wrong, that never ought to be presented.
but the answer was found--in the spinning top.
therefore i watched miss spenlow closely.
you might easily pick out these pacemakers, for they worked under the eye of the bosses, and they worked like men possessed.
so will your washing-- --which will be kept down to my estimate, said his sister.
they will wait, well disposed, for others to remedy the evil, that they may no longer have it to regret.
at the same time, and as an essential aid to the direct perception of the truth, it is necessary to acquire fertility in imagining abstract hypotheses.
when the appearance of an object in a given place changes, it is found that one or other of two things occurs.
thus in such propositions of pure logic we have the self-evident general propositions of which we were in search.
it is not in philosophy, therefore, that we can hope to see intuition at its best.
he further gave me leave to accompany the prisoner to london; but declined to accord that grace to my two friends.
there was soon but one person left of all the crowd, and he, with his hat under his arm and his snuff-box in his hand, slowly passed among the mirrors on his way out.
and i have read of a goddess, i said, who was the mother of the earth and of all the gods.
so jurgis went home again; it was a relief to know the worst, at any rate, so that he could no more be surprised by fresh demands.
after a few drinks goldberger began, with some hesitation, to narrate how he had had a quarrel over his best girl with a professional cardsharp, who had hit him in the jaw.
miss manette, had you any conversation with the prisoner on that passage across the channel?
the propositions asserting negative facts are themselves positive facts; they are merely different positive facts from those asserting positive facts.
but if he took the job and gave satisfaction he would expect to keep it--they would not turn him off at the end of the strike?
if the resources which ought to have been devoted to them, had been diverted from them for the most prudent investment, the moral culpability would have been the same.
brave and generous friend, will you let me ask you one last question?
hegel's philosophy is very difficult, and commentators differ as to the true interpretation of it.
the form which their denial took was to deny that there are such things as 'abstract ideas '.
sometimes, the speculation came into my thoughts, what might have happened, or what would have happened, if dora and i had never known each other?
by that time it wanted but ten minutes of one oclock, and we began to look out for her smoke.
it was the life she had to live, the accursed work she had to do, that was killing her by inches.
this was not a very ceremonious way of rendering homage to a patron saint, but i believe old clem stood in that relation towards smiths.
and my happiness needs no higher aim to vindicate it.
then, frightened at the look on his face, she exclaimed: it's all right, jurgis!
i dare say, my love, rejoined mr. micawber, that he means particularly well; but i have not yet found that he carries out his meaning, in any given direction whatsoever.
you are a precious set of people, aint you?
we pulled with all our strength, but we could not move it.
to most of this jurgis tried not to listen.
with a definitely formulated aim before him, he can decide just what material he needs.
it's all i can do to save the fifteen dollars i give elzbieta each week, so the children can go to school.
there was a reasonably good path now, mostly on the edge of the river, with a divergence here and there where a dike came, with a miniature windmill on it and a muddy sluice-gate.
you have received some considerable education already.
today, we could only look and try to believe the sight of our eyes.
keep quiet in your chair now, and leave em to me.
gradually, one by one in the little bulb, bubbles of gas have formed and risen to the surface of the liquid in the closed upper end of the tube.
not pretty, interposed my mother, laying her fingers on my lips again.
in thunderstorms, we raised a tall rod of iron by the side of our hole, and we watched it from below.
this whole point of view, however, turns upon the notion of the 'nature' of a thing, which seems to mean 'all the truths about the thing'.
nor yet i dont intend to advertise myself in the newspapers by the name of a.m. come back from botany bay; and years have rolled away, and whos to gain by it?
thus, at first, partition is a splitting up of an overgrown household into smaller households.
cried my mother, and its very well for you to talk about firmness, but you wouldnt like it yourself.
that deficiency, however, does not account for the horrid fate that befell him.
is there anything at all on your mind now?
the worst enemy of the american public is the newspaper that for political or business reasons distorts news.
like enough, he returned; though theres a sarcastic meaning in that observation for an amiable piece of innocence like my young friend.
here, therefore, we have, for what it is worth, a solid basis from which to begin our pursuit of knowledge.
and pray, what did you mean by that, sir?
thoughtfully, for i could not be here once more, and so near agnes, without the revival of those regrets with which i had so long been occupied.
and every week the managers of it got together and compared notes, and there was one scale for all the workers in the yards and one standard of efficiency.
it was wretched weather; stormy and wet, stormy and wet; and mud, mud, mud, deep in all the streets.
when they had gotten him to sleep, however, they sat by the kitchen fire and talked it over in frightened whispers.
i doubt if you would have loved the girls at that moment; and yet ... you know ... their black or brassy hair, their untidiness, and the cotton blouses half-dropped from their tumultuous breasts....
it may be admitted, on the other hand, that nothing in their empirical character specially necessitates the view that they are composed of mutually external units.
they have never received any encouragement from me and they never will.
the other course was to find out what the farms and farmers in the county needed most and then set to work with little ado to get those things.
but it does not offer, or attempt to offer, a solution of the problem of human destiny, or of the destiny of the universe.
thus we are left to the piecemeal investigation of the world, and are unable to know the characters of those parts of the universe that are remote from our experience.
(for the sake of schematic simplicity, i am ignoring various complications connected with time, which require some tedious but perfectly feasible elaborations.)
early in the morning i worked barefooted, dabbling like a plastic artist in the dewy and crumbling sand, but later in the day the sun blistered my feet.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
from the child, however, there was not the slightest evidence of sensation.
i solemnly accepted his commission, dear good fellow, and cannot discharge it too completely.
yet the significant thing is not the fixed rule but the margin of discretion involved in the standard and its regard for the circumstances of the individual case.
she lifts eyebrows and shoulders, her hands clasped before her tightly, as if in silent resentment of their impotence to help.
the occupation resumed under the influence of this passing affliction so happily recovered from, said mr. lorry, clearing his throat, we will call--blacksmith's work, blacksmith's work.
as you said we could make a little trip of it, and go over together, if it was done, minnie and me--and you.
the final item about the hills is in no way necessary, does not even help to give the feeling of a seaport, which more often than not lacks high hills.
in england it is in full vigor so that the owner of trespassing animals is held for disease communicated by them although he had no knowledge or reason to suppose they were diseased.
jurgis walked home-with his pittance of pay in his pocket, heartbroken, overwhelmed.
or, supposing my own to be four times as much, i would leave a margin, and put them down at seven hundred.
we have first to distinguish knowledge of things and knowledge of truths.
unseen by the spy, mr. cruncher stood at his side, and touched him on the shoulder like a ghostly bailiff.
and so, under a short grove of feebler and feebler over-swinging lamps, out under the great grove of stars.
i am not clear whether he was going to strike mr. mell, or mr. mell was going to strike him, or there was any such intention on either side.
so we slanted to the right (where the east was), and joe pounded away so wonderfully, that i had to hold on tight to keep my seat.
we made many a bran new theory of life over a thin dish of gruel, which combined the advantages of conviviality with the clear-headedness which philosophy requires.
where is the countrys champion, the moore of moore hill, to meet him at the deep cut and thrust an avenging lance between the ribs of the bloated pest?
however, i did not trouble wemmick with these particulars.
in the united states it seemed to be required by our constitutional provisions for a separation of powers.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
that was as high as he ever got in the game.
thus, if we are to take the cause as one event and the effect as another, both must be shortened indefinitely.
i wish to answer, in each case, yes to the first form of the question, and no to the second.
it is only in the earlier stages that any stand can be successfully made against the encroachment.
at one and the same time you must make your thinking logical and your expression adequate--distinguished if possible.
and we sighed, as if a burden had been taken from us, for we had been thinking without reason of the palace of mating.
i know only one thing that i am fit for, and that is, to go for a soldier.
the dismal wind was muttering round the house, the tide was flapping at the shore, and i had a feeling that we were caged and threatened.
we have stolen glass vials and powders and acids from the home of the scholars.
they understood our thought, for they lowered their eyes for the first time.
my dear, said mr. omer, i dont say its the case with you, winking at me, but i say that half the women in yarmouth--ah!
hair may either be very fuzzy or black, or lightish and thin.
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
howsoever it may seem to you to touch me, disregard that.
with which, to my infinite surprise, he included us all in a comprehensive bow, and disappeared; his manner being extremely distant, and his face extremely pale.
and--yes, to be sure--you recollect mr. jack maldon, copperfield?
the total course is mapped for you: there is the pedigree, there the birth, and finally there the funeral.
before considering true memory, it will be well to consider two things which are on the way towards memory, namely the feeling of familiarity and recognition.
the mother is a lady of some station, though not averse to increasing her income.
the matthew whom mr. and mrs. camilla had spoken of.
he was eight years and six months old when they broke his first rib; eight years and eight months old when they broke his second, and did for him.
i wrote it before i went to bed, and went out and posted it; and again no one was near me.
another woman of equal wealth and equally undoubted honesty lost a horseshoe diamond pin.
this was very like his way of conducting that encounter in the garden; very like.
in all men who have any vigorous life, there are strong impulses such as may seem utterly unreasonable to others.
and this is the strength of the chemical: five pounds of it mingled with one million gallons of water is sufficient to render the water fit for drinking purposes.
hence, in freeing the infinite from contradiction, we are at the same time showing the logical possibility of continuity as assumed in science.
at once rosary beads were flourished to prove our right to answer this question affirmatively.
a long rod of refractory clay is given a churning movement in the mouth of the furnace, forcing the molten glass thru a tube.
if i am quite unmoved by music, i cannot make reliable appreciative criticism of it.
political revolutions merely change the form of government or the name of the party in power.
as we contemplated the fire, and as i thought what a difficult vision to realize this same capital sometimes was, i put my hands in my pockets.
the leprosy of unreality disfigured every human creature in attendance upon monseigneur.
still the problem remains, how shall i write this criticism, whatever method i may be pursuing.
personal beauty in a man was a sure passport to her liking.
the little narrow, crooked town of dover hid itself away from the beach, and ran its head into the chalk cliffs, like a marine ostrich.
mr. lorry readily engaged for that, and the conference was ended.
but only experience can show what will have this sedative effect, and it is easy to make mistakes.
she read mark twain, dickens and kipling before she was ten--all of their writings.
he knew that if he allowed himself to fall asleep he would begin to snore loudly; and so he must listen--he must be interested!
i could hardly find the door, through the tears that stood in my eyes.
cried mr. lorry, thoroughly heated by his indifference, business is a very good thing, and a very respectable thing.
in my conscience, i doubt very much whether i had any lingering intention left of going to see joe; but if i had, this observation put it to flight.
i know nothing of days of the week; i know nothing of weeks of the year.
our woods teem with them both, and around every swamp may be seen the partridge or rabbit walk, beset with twiggy fences and horse-hair snares, which some cow-boy tends.
it aint of no delight to me, except for you!
after all our discoveries and inventions no man will go by a pile of wood.
she fades in her turn, and he fades, and all fades, and there is no flute, no master, no salem house, no david copperfield, no anything but heavy sleep.
if there is not a new man, how can the new clothes be made to fit?
there cannot be any objection to your seeing her presently, maam.
habit is a very intrusive feature of our mental life, and is often present where at first sight it seems not to be.
a blank, through which the warriors of poetry and history march on in stately hosts that seem to have no end--and what comes next!
he had accomplished the task he had set himself, his promise was redeemed, he had saved charles.
and on the drawing-room whittlesey warren danced a constant attention.
into his handsome face, the bitter waters of captivity had worn; but, he covered up their tracks with a determination so strong, that he held the mastery of them even in his sleep.
these purposes are far different from those with which we started out.
his father was a minister, so beautiful in countenance, holmes tells us, that he could never have believed an unkind thing, and his mother of different line was a liberal by descent.
with its related trades and sciences, it is comprised within the ten great activities of mankind.
our old neighbours, mr. and mrs. grayper, were gone to south america, and the rain had made its way through the roof of their empty house, and stained the outer walls.
is this owing to the generosity of him in whose possession it is found, or to the remissness of the officers of justice?
the corner being out of the way of the idle and curious, and the preparations having been very simple and few, the doctor, mr. lorry, and miss pross, were left quite alone.
or what if i were to allowwould it not be a singular allowance?that our furniture should be more complex than the arabs, in proportion as we are morally and intellectually his superiors!
i've no place to go, said jurgis, sadly.
jurgis was given a shovel, and along with half a dozen others it was his task to shovel this fertilizer into carts.
blameless as i was, and knew that i was, in reference to any wrong she could possibly suspect me of, i shrunk before her strange eyes, quite unable to endure their hungry lustre.
acquiring the college point of view in place of the high-school attitude.
men and oxen exchange work; but if we consider necessary work only, the oxen will be seen to have greatly the advantage, their farm is so much the larger.
after receiving the charge with every mark of derision, the pupils formed in line and buzzingly passed a ragged book from hand to hand.
whereupon the man would drive on to see the next grocer.
if i have sometimes been unhappy, the feeling has passed away.
let my body be where it would, my spirit was always wandering, wandering, wandering, about that house.
i do not know that you learn a lesson; you need notmill did notagree with any one of his beliefs; and yet the spell is cast.
shes getting to be a woman, thats wot shes getting to be, said mr. peggotty.
in the afternoon he showed to better advantage, for then he would go down to the south meadow and practise with a battle-ax.
the murdered woman,more a match for the man, certainly, in point of yearswas found dead in a barn near hounslow heath.
the superintendent of a big machinery concern found that his expense for cutting oils was constantly rising.
robber bees join the plundered to eat all the remnants of honey.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
i spent twelve dollars for advertising in one clean chicago daily with a good circulation, and got three orders.
it is not hard to see how the romans came to the distinction that has obtained in the books ever since.
carl informed me afterward that he had a similar sensation, and that all through the long platitudinous exercises my face was a great solace to him.
but we love one another truly, i am sure.
i do not even know, said i, speaking low as he took his seat at the table, by what name to call you.
the days before us are without end, like the forest.
the red cap and tri-colour cockade were universal, both among men and women.
he was a young-looking man, in spite of his perplexities and his very gray hair, and his manner seemed quite natural.
my walworth sentiments must be taken at walworth; none but my official sentiments can be taken in this office.
they may again be divided into those drills in which the piston hammer delivers its blow on the end of the steel itself.
my father, said lucie, softly laying her hand on his.
i fear that it may enjoy a certain health of its own; that we may be well, yet not pure.
manufacturers honestly believed those pumps would do the work indicated in their ratings.
it was a grotesquely heart-breaking sight.
when the repast was fully discussed, the lion put his hands in his waistband again, and lay down to meditate.
we tried to count the blows, but we lost count.
you were one yourself, before your cousins influence raised up one for you.
so we turned and we crawled back, our hand on the iron line.
such a wonderful second for little me!...
she asked, settling her hands upon her stick, that she might regard me the more attentively.
but we must fill in the outline in various ways.
sydney carton drank nothing but a little coffee, ate some bread, and, having washed and changed to refresh himself, went out to the place of trial.
but there is a difficulty in the case of creation or specification in that except where the creation is mental only materials must be used, and the materials or tools employed may be another's.
the prisoners roomed two in a cell, but that day there was one left over, and he was the one.
i had come out of italy, over one of the great passes of the alps, and had since wandered with a guide among the by-ways of the mountains.
he presented himself to be examined for ordination in a pair of scarlet breeches, and said honestly that he did not like to go into the church because he was fond of colored clothes.
i vould not put on my hat for a dollar and a quarter, she said.
all the year round they had been serving as cogs in the great packing machine; and now was the time for the renovating of it, and the replacing of damaged parts.
and jurgis, in his relief, sank down into a chair.
nor can we say that it exists at any particular time.
they cut him and bruised him--they were cold and merciless as the men who had built them.
such grace as was visible in it, made it the uglier, showing how warped and perverted all things good by nature were become.
it was the kind of thing the man of the family had to decide and carry through, he told himself.
so, though i could not even then drink quite as much beer as i could thirty years earlier a little higher up the thames, it became necessary to procure a cask.
i released the leg of the table, and ran for my life.
i have been here before, today, but the good woman wasnt at home.
to myself, this failure is the second grand event of the war; the first was belgium's answer to the german ultimatum.
i turn and spin down the curves and reaches of the river without delaying for embroideries or arabesques.
thoughts, beliefs, desires, pleasures, pains and emotions.
thus iron is sensitive to anything magnetic.
but in the morning he would get up and shake himself, and stride away again to battle with the world.
miss pross, submitting herself to his judgment, the scheme was worked out with care.
they are wont to forget that the world is not governed by policy and expediency.
hardly a night passed without my dreaming of it.
the rugged eloquence with which he spoke, was not devoid of all effect.
my brother joe was his father, said mr. peggotty.
a tip is not necessarily a humiliation, either to the giver or to the taker.
he would manage to persuade her of it--and besides, marija was willing, and marija was furnishing the money.
across the front runs a large rehearsal room, large enough to make a fine dance hall when occasion demands.
thus it seemed that this one hillside illustrated the principle of all the operations of nature.
all those properties of numbers which are proved by an imaginary step-by-step process from one number to the next are liable to fail when we come to infinite numbers.
such a definition is at once too wide and too narrow.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
first, if any opinion is compelled to silence, that opinion may, for aught we can certainly know, be true.
with the advent of the half-tone process a generation ago, and with the more recent application of the rotogravure process to periodical publications, comparatively cheap and rapid methods of illustration were provided.
there were traces of his gore in that spot, and i covered them with garden-mould from the eye of man.
season of mists and mellow celery, then let it be.
the wayside brambles were fruiting; i picked and ate, and ate on, until i had come within sight of an inn where i might have made a good meal.
you are to wait here, you boy, said estella; and disappeared and closed the door.
which was injudicious, trot, said my aunt, but well meant.
a waiter showed me into the coffee-room; and a chambermaid introduced me to my small bedchamber, which smelt like a hackney-coach, and was shut up like a family vault.
she drew herself up, and sat looking straight before her, far away.
my lavish habits led his easy nature into expenses that he could not afford, corrupted the simplicity of his life, and disturbed his peace with anxieties and regrets.
three of the doors she opened swiftly, and looked in.
im only joking!-lest my aunt should think she really meant it.
now, twenty seven, said mr. creakle, entering on a clear stage with his man, is there anything that anyone can do for you?
mr. waterbrook went down with hamlets aunt.
whether dora had any idea that i was a private watchman, i am unable to say; but it made a great impression on her, and she neither played nor sang any more.
twice more in the darkness the bell at the great gate sounded, and the irruption was repeated, and the grindstone whirled and spluttered.
custom is there, in all things, the final appeal; justice and right mean conformity to custom; the argument of custom no one, unless some tyrant intoxicated with power, thinks of resisting.
the girls wear ready-made dresses or shirt waists, and some of them look quite pretty.
the institution never flagged for want of a story, i am certain; and the wine lasted out almost as well as the matter.
this billiard-ball view of matter dominated the imagination of physicists until quite modern times, until, in fact, it was replaced by the electromagnetic theory, which in its turn is developing into a new atomism.
i lay a stick upon it and the stick either burns or remains green, as i please.
i naturally said i had no wish to make it more.
knitting there had been earlier drinking than usual in the wine-shop of monsieur defarge.
i am sorry to hear you putting any such extraordinary questions.
whether there be any courage in making this admission i know not.
mr. of georgia or of massachusetts, all transient and fleeting phenomena, till i am ready to leap from their court-yard like the mameluke bey.
but i can assure my readers that walden has a reasonably tight bottom at a not unreasonable, though at an unusual, depth.
tell me what provis said, my dear herbert.
with a novice, the men and women of the chess-board regain their individuality and their old world caprices, their medival greatness of heart.
many universals, like many particulars, are only known to us by description.
they have no authority to decide the question for all mankind, and exclude every other person from the means of judging.
for the matter o that, masr davy, replied ham, alls told amost in them words, emly, emly, for christs sake, have a womans heart towards me.
the time is short, evremonde, said the spy, in a warning voice.
he lays in five and twen-ty foot of ground, if he lays in a fraction, said mr. omer, pleasantly.
his honest eyes fire up, and sparkle, as if their depths were stirred by something bright.
again: tellson's was a munificent house, and extended great liberality to old customers who had fallen from their high estate.
in so far as this is absent, the words are mere counters, capable of meaning, but not at the moment possessing it.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
the necessity of composing her appearance so that it should attract no special notice in the streets, was another relief.
our discussion of the blue spectacles and the walk round the table has, i hope, made this clear.
innocent wives, sweethearts, or children are not necessarily legitimate material for his article because their husband, lover, or father has appeared in the news.
his quick, shaft-like humor, his keen, devastating sarcasm, and his rare, resilient sympathy have made him a personality beloved particularly by young persons.
we should never cheat and insult and banish one another by our meanness, if there were present the kernel of worth and friendliness.
one who visited me declared that the shadows of some irishmen before him had no halo about them, that it was only natives that were so distinguished.
the brand of flour selected for use in large hotels.
the solution is definitive, in the sense that it entirely satisfies and convinces all who study it carefully.
to get his shoestrings he speculates in herds of cattle.
again, how do we know that the last number reached in the process of counting is the number of the objects counted?
in these boxes you'll find four big, healthy lunches for each one of you.
i've just been in jail, jurgis cried--he was ready to get down upon his knees to the woman--and i had no money before, and my family has almost starved.
and the two youngest that sophy educated are with us.
then suddenly teta elzbieta broke the silence with a wail, and marija began to wring her hands and sob, ai!
let us suppose, therefore, that the government is entirely at one with the people, and never thinks of exerting any power of coercion unless in agreement with what it conceives to be their voice.
if not suppressed for ever, it may be thrown back for centuries.
if i had taken a hackney-chariot and gone by the streets, i should have missed my aim; going as i did, i caught the coach just as it came out of the yard.
it may be that, with sufficient imagination, a novelist might invent a past for the world that would perfectly fit on to what we know, and yet be quite different from the real past.
in my fancy, i saw the boat with its convict crew waiting for them at the slime-washed stairs,again heard the gruff give way, you!
really, interrupted mrs. markleham, if i have any discretion at all-- [which you havent, you marplot, observed my aunt, in an indignant whisper.)
since then, i have taken heart to write a good many trifling pieces.
all the interpretations in what follows are open to question, but all have the support of reputable authorities.
so i'll nod my head, thought mr. cruncher, amazed, at all events she'll see that.
perhaps she thinks so, too; its not her fault, said i. i suppose not, returned my aunt, rather grudging the admission; but its very aggravating.
without encroaching on forbidden ground, we may venture to say that there can be no doubt between ourselves of that fact.
now such an argument is not hard to follow; and if it is granted that its premisses are true in fact, no one will deny that the conclusion must also be true.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
they had conferred together until the last moment, when it was necessary for the french gentlemen to be landed in their boat.
on this last evening, i dressed my self out in my new clothes for their delight, and sat in my splendor until bedtime.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
it ought to be, it must be, i'll swear it's there.
i remember him acutely; he could not look at me without a pang of reprobation, and he could not feel the pang without betraying it.
though seen but once, it helps to wash out state-street and the engines soot.
they have some business here; and i took advantage of their coming, to come too.
they dance in monotonous measure, round after round, hour after hour, with eyes fixed upon vacancy, as if they were only half conscious, in a constantly growing stupor.
you think there never might have been a mrs. lorry?
he had a favourite sister, said my aunt, a good creature, and very kind to him.
i have often lodged in their wigwams, and found them as warm as the best english houses.
carl had been a very popular bachelor and his friends were pleased to treat me quite as if i were worthy of him.
if you can cough any trifle on it up, pip, id recommend you to do it, said joe, all aghast.
few coaches were abroad, for riders in coaches were liable to be suspected, and gentility hid its head in red nightcaps, and put on heavy shoes, and trudged.
some give directions to be waked every half hour, doubtless for no other purpose; and then, to pay for it, they tell what they have dreamed.
well, old chap, said joe, then abide by your words.
i think that the richest vein is somewhere hereabouts; so by the divining-rod and thin rising vapors i judge; and here i will begin to mine.
does he, like thomas carlyle, try one and another profession only to fail and be driven, finally, into the one work in which he could find the answer to the life-problem that his personality presents?
i remember almost hoping that some better change was possible within me.
i believe--as i shall try to prove in a later lecture--that desire, like force in mechanics, is of the nature of a convenient fiction for describing shortly certain laws of behaviour.
a display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, i think, as i have observed it to be considered since.
if ever you see me again, unlike what i am now, and like what i was when you first saw me, observe what company i am in.
and the differentials have had increasing difficulty getting through passengers.
a craven who abandoned his post, said another--this monseigneur had been got out of paris, legs uppermost and half suffocated, in a load of hay--some years ago.
he escorted them to the house, which was one of a long row of the typical frame dwellings of the neighborhood, where architecture is a luxury that is dispensed with.
he formed this speech with his lips many times before he could utter it.
have you ever heard of any tutor whom you would prefer to another?
little emly, you see, shell write to my sister when i go back, as i see you and as you was similarly oncommon, and so we make it quite a merry-go-rounder.
superfluous wealth can buy superfluities only.
the three glided by, and went silently down.
each of these i regard as constituted by a certain feeling or complex of sensations, attached to the content believed.
i could not help glancing at the scar with a painful interest when we went in to tea.
his labor took him about one minute to learn.
now you may mizzle, jemmy (as we say at court), and if mr. copperfield will take the chair ill operate on him.
there are two other points, said mr. lorry, on which i am anxious to be instructed.
i was persuaded that i had an apprehension of his returning from lowestoft by sea, and being lost.
how do i know what injury you have done my horses.
he was brushed and washed at the usual hour, and set off with his son to pursue his ostensible calling.
was it not honestly a trial to listen to an argument such as that?
we held a meeting, inviting one very influential fruit grower from each loading station in the county.
cleverness would be repellent at such an hour.
i will not allow mere names to make distinctions for me, but still see men in herds for all them.
it is not difficult, as a rule, to acquiesce in the orders of a national government.
defarge closed the door carefully, and spoke in a subdued voice: jacques one, jacques two, jacques three!
theres a good child, said dora, it makes its face so much prettier to laugh.
this vessel has in its conning tower a powerful searchlight which will reveal at least the upper portions of any buildings that may be there.
if they seem to depend upon the subject-matter otherwise than as regards the truth of the premisses, that is because the premisses have not been all explicitly stated.
the commonest method of developing a special feature article is that which combines narration and description with exposition.
the carpenter whom we consulted proved to be amenable to suggestion and agreed to put us up a framework in a day.
my hands... my spirit... my sky... my forest...
how, in that case, are we to account for the blue appearance of objects?
that i was strongly inclined to like it, and had taken immediately to the proposal.
thus i made the second discovery on that first occasion, that the nurture of the little pockets consisted of alternately tumbling up and lying down.
i never doubted until within this hour or two, that he had, or could have such a paper.
oh no, master copperfield, returned uriah, shaking his head, i am much too umble for that!
when it was clear that nothing could be done, miss dartle-- did i tell you not to speak to me?
these entities are such as can be named by parts of speech which are not substantives; they are such entities as qualities and relations.
let us omit from our consideration, for the present, the memories in which words replace images.
i'm wanted by the police, he said, lowering his voice, though of course their conversation was in lithuanian.
i suspect that even the universe, as considered by metaphysics, involves such a connexion with particulars.
it may be that we are nocturnal creatures perturbed by rumors of a dawn which comes inevitably, as prologue to a day wherein we and our children have no part whatever.
with those words, the clerk opened a door, and ushered me into an inner chamber at the back.
a tripod should be used whenever possible.
the straight line, in writing as in drawing, is the shortest distance between two points.
it has been kept from her, and i hope will always be kept from her.
but he always aided and comforted me when he could, in some way of his own, and he always did so at dinner-time by giving me gravy, if there were any.
is the type of beginning well adapted to the subject and the material?
i might a took warning by arthur, but i didnt; and i wont pretend i was particklerfor where ud be the good on it, dear boy and comrade?
mrs. crupp, said i, i must beg you not to connect the young lady in my case with a barmaid, or anything of that sort, if you please.
it is a charming example of how pleasantly a great scholar can unbend on occasion.
the bull-like proceeding last mentioned, besides that it was unquestionably to be regarded in the light of a liberty, was particularly disagreeable just after bread and meat.
he dwelt, as it were, in a tent in this world, and was either threading the valleys, or crossing the plains, or climbing the mountain tops.
but if it is our umbleness, i hope you wont mind owning to it, master copperfield; for we are well aware of our condition.
but the military manner was revolutionized by the war.
but it is not proper to sing without reason, save at the social meetings.
if we are to do this, it must be by some mark which belongs only to certain beliefs, not to all; and among those to which it belongs there must be none that are mutually inconsistent.
and hence, in order that the canvas may be filled or the story proceed from point to point, other details must be admitted.
its walls were hard and smooth to the touch; it felt like stone, but it was not stone.
we can, obviously, suspect that it may exist, and wonder whether it does; hence it is connected with our desire for knowledge, and has the importance of either satisfying or thwarting this desire.
he is hard to me sometimes, returned uriah.
the farrier struck a blow upon them with his hammer, and the crowd groaned; but, no more was done.
he not only brought it immediately, but was good enough to look over me while i wrote the letter.
the great bulk of our knowledge is a habit in this sense: whenever i am asked when i was born, i reply correctly by mere habit.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
she never fell from a horse in her life.
often some one can be found who will donate books, or a scholarship ranging from car-fare to a few dollars a week.
i had not seen him alone since the disastrous issue of the attempted flight; and he had come, in his private and personal capacity, to say a few words of explanation in reference to that failure.
the second danger is that he may unconsciously permit a more or less cynical attitude to replace the healthy, optimistic outlook with which he began his work.
his face is marked by a network of fine lines.
they helped the few pirates to destroy the towns, and mixed with those pirates and shared the spoils of the roman villas, and were glad to see the captains and the priests destroyed.
else to what end does the world go on, and why was america discovered?
in that event the tribunal must proceed to determine the meaning of the rule and to apply it.
nevertheless, when once it has been observed, belief in it is not based on inference and reasoning, but merely upon its having been seen.
it was fifteen minutes after the hour when he saw a form emerge from the snow mist, and sprang toward it with a cry.
one dirty-faced man, i think he was a boot-maker, used to edge himself into the passage as early as seven oclock in the morning, and call up the stairs to mr. micawber--come!
mr. copperfield, said miss mills, come to this side of the carriage a moment--if you can spare a moment.
i had always proposed to myself to get him well down the river in the boat; certainly well beyond gravesend, which was a critical place for search or inquiry if suspicion were afoot.
could the author have made the subject clear in a sensible extent of space?
people understood that tellson's, in a stately way, tolerated the odd-job-man.
and he suffered for his deed as all bearers of light must suffer.
daylight never entered the house as to my thoughts and remembrances of it, any more than as to the actual fact.
a bishop whose wife has just been robbed of fifty thousand dollars' worth of diamonds!
he was greatly interested to hear that i knew steerforth, and spoke of him with such warmth that i made him tell agnes what he thought of him.
we may regard as the central meaning that with which we are most familiar,--a part of the body.
moreover, the description required to express the thought will vary for different people, or for the same person at different times.
his hand trembles, his speech is not plain, and his eyes look wild.
by degrees it became an enormous injury to me that he stood before the fire.
he had replaced his neckerchief loosely, and had stood, keenly observant of me, biting a long end of it.
there were twenty bars or so of it, and when they came to the end they began again.
to lucas, the religious zealot, the co-operative commonwealth was the new jerusalem, the kingdom of heaven, which is within you.
exactly what i myself had thought, many times.
this is all that is necessary to validate the use of images to be made in the sequel.
let us define this whole group as an instant of time.
it steamed from liverpool to st. petersburg and brought forth further comment from the old world.
i expect more than that from you, steerforth.
lord cromer describes a responsible statesman in a democracy as very much in the position of a man in a boat off the mouth of a tidal river.
and with this result we might, if we chose, take leave of the first antinomy.
if we are right in this, it is a wrong philosophy of matter which has caused many of the difficulties in the philosophy of mind--difficulties which a right philosophy of matter would cause to disappear.
i began to think i would put it off till tomorrow.
we have a right, also, in various ways, to act upon our unfavourable opinion of any one, not to the oppression of his individuality, but in the exercise of ours.
(i may here remark that i suppose myself to be better acquainted than any living authority, with the ridgy effect of a wedding-ring, passing unsympathetically over the human countenance.)
it shall be your name, said the golden one.
whitewash on the forehead hardens the brain into a state of obstinacy perhaps.
as if plato were my townsman and i never saw him,my next neighbor and i never heard him speak or attended to the wisdom of his words.
it was on this very first day that i had the misfortune to throw her, though she was not subject to such weakness in general, into a state of violent consternation.
upon which the youthful servant replied yes.
but when we see him a yard away, we can tell what he will look like a mile away.
i think i observed, myself, that it was highly creditable to all concerned.
to initiative the black man was adding intuition.
for then you know, peggotty, you would always have the horse and cart to bring you over to see me, and could come for nothing, and be sure of coming.
one is always hearing of things which are good for the complexion, but there is no doubt that celery stands high on the list.
it was well that every brother in service in the cleveland district should know the code.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
i am inclined to think that, in the present state of physiology, the introduction of the engram does not serve to simplify the account of mnemic phenomena.
the subsistence of my family, maam, returned mr. micawber, trembles in the balance.
as to her family, they were totally unworthy of her, and their sentiments were utterly indifferent to him, and they might--i quote his own expression--go to the devil.
i quite understand it to be a nice question.
the last hour of her life was typical of its happiness.
sometimes at night he would waken dreaming of ona, and stretch out his arms to her, and wet the ground with his tears.
the despairing way in which my mother and i look at each other, as i blunder on, is truly melancholy.
there is no fight that night--perhaps because jurgis, too, is watchful--even more so than the policeman.
they were solemn, bronzed men, loose of limb, hard, and strong, with a curious set expression of purpose about them.
to understand the personality we heed to know whether it controls and directs events, or merely receives them.
for the era of legal self-sufficiency is past.
i have observed his daughter, repeated madame; yes, i have observed his daughter, more times than one.
but the essayist does not stop with the creations in nature; he goes on to the works of man.
my passion for her is beyond all bounds.
as the little man put his now empty glass to his lips, when he made this reflection, i proposed to him to have it refilled, and i would keep him company with another.
complete cures were effected in the cases of the other patients also, which is the less remarkable when the circumstance is taken into consideration that only patients capable of entire recovery are recommended to take the treatment.
the voices of the rapids have dropped into the background, as have the dashing noises of the stream.
it is darker in the woods, even in common nights, than most suppose.
jurgis sat with his hands clenched and beads of perspiration on his forehead, and there was a great lump in ona's throat, choking her.
thus traddles and i found them at nightfall, assembled on the wooden steps, at that time known as hungerford stairs, watching the departure of a boat with some of their property on board.
said that good-natured emissary, after a full half-hour of bootless attempts to bring him round to the question.
i thought you knowed everything, father, said the artless boy.
but other bees have followed our scent, and it is not many minutes before a second line to the woods is established.
i'm worried about my wife--i can't wait any longer.
i have tried to warn you of this; now, have i not?
the walls were hard and smooth, of that stone unlike stone which we had seen in our tunnel.
jurgis did not know what that meant, but the man explained the advantages.
uriah, she replied, after a moments hesitation, has made himself indispensable to papa.
only mother said i must come, because you would want to know, and maybe somebody would help your family when they had put you in jail so you couldn't work.
but, the time was not come yet; and every wind that blew over france shook the rags of the scarecrows in vain, for the birds, fine of song and feather, took no warning.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
jane murdstone, said her brother, have the goodness not to interrupt me.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
the strain was new to me, and yet it was so old that it filled my heart brim-full; like a friend come back from a long absence.
roundtree is a negro of the very finest type.
that he should succeed, was no matter of surprise to me.
there was a heavy lumbering of wheels within hearing.
if they had not been overcome with drowsiness, they would have performed something.
i will have a respectful, prompt, and ready bearing towards myself, he continued, and towards jane murdstone, and towards your mother.
to sum up the gist of anglo-american relations in half a dozen pages, as mr. ayres does here, is surely a remarkable achievement.
she stood breathing hard, and gazing about her; no one made a sound.
cried wemmick, suddenly hitting out at the turnkey in a facetious way, youre dumb as one of your own keys when you have to do with my principal, you know you are.
this mrs. crupp regarded in the light of a liberty, and a liberty, she said, was a thing she never allowed.
biddy, who was the most obliging of girls, immediately said she would, and indeed began to carry out her promise within five minutes.
yes; but not only that, said wemmick, she went into his service immediately after her acquittal, tamed as she is now.
***** i am growing more and more unequal to the task i have set myself.
he has paid off every obligation he incurred here--even to traddless bill, you remember my dear agnes--and therefore we may take it for granted that he is doing well.
the net cost of each new customer that i secured by newspaper advertising was fifty-four cents.
i am not aware that any man has ever built on the spot which i occupy.
being then in a pleasant frame of mind (from which i infer that poisoning is not always disagreeable in some stages of the process), i resolved to go to the play.
i got up despairing, and went out despairing.
exclaimed my aunt, if he had as many lives as a cat, and was on the point of losing em all, hed bark at me with his last breath, i believe!
but visual and auditory images are much more difficult to deal with in this way, because they lack the connection with physical events in the outer world which belongs to visual and auditory sensations.
look back, look back, and see if we are pursued!
always they lay soft velvet fingers on the drowsy imagination, so that in their caressing you feel the vaster spaces from which they have come.
his only books were an almanac and an arithmetic, in which last he was considerably expert.
her grief, replied traddles, with a serious look.
i told him i had not gone today, fearing to lose the chance of being of any service to him; but that i was ready to go when he would.
the woe of this would flame up in ona sometimes--at night she would suddenly clasp her big husband in her arms and break into passionate weeping, demanding to know if he really loved her.
many of her city patrons have the habit of driving to the farm and returning with a hamper laden with eggs, honey, butter, or canned stuff from the vegetable garden.
not that it is solely, or chiefly, to form great thinkers, that freedom of thinking is required.
it was but the gentleman which died here before yourself, said mrs. crupp, that fell in love--with a barmaid--and had his waistcoats took in directly, though much swelled by drinking.
it began to be unnecessary to repeat the form of saying he might, so he did it at once.
i dare say not, rejoined stryver, nodding his head in a smoothing and final way; no matter, no matter.
this is the tid-bit which tempts his insectivorous fate.
carelessness becomes a more frequent and more serious source of danger to the general security than aggression.
in the interval the marine boiler and the engines had been improved until they had passed the stage of experiment, and coasting voyages had become common on both sides of the atlantic.
women and little children would fall to cursing about it; it was rotten, rotten as hell--everything was rotten.
i had never thought of being ashamed of my hands before; but i began to consider them a very indifferent pair.
then joe began to hammer and clink, hammer and clink, and we all looked on.
a thing is only worth doing, and doing again and again, if you can do it rather easily, and get some joy out of it.
even if he were to suffer as he had before, even if he were to beg and starve, nothing would be the same to him; he would understand it, and bear it.
several of the women ran into the next room, while marija sprang toward jurgis.
local news interests readers because it concerns people and places immediately around them.
she is elderly, of course, since it was seventy years ago that her friendship with mark twain began, and her hair is gray.
i sat thinking of it long after he had ascended to the clouds in a large watch-case, and still i could not make it out.
moreover, the waves, i suspect, do not so much construct as wear down a material which has already acquired consistency.
they might pay him afterward--they could promise-- we couldn't promise, jurgis, protested marija.
you could sit up as late as you pleased, and, whenever you got up, go abroad without any landlord or house-lord dogging you for rent.
this, i believe, expresses a truth which may explain the extraordinary difference in the habits of students in this matter of the time at which the best work can be done.
it is easy to pass by the tree even when we know about where it is.
india rugs are those in which flowers, leaves, vines, and occasional animals are woven as they appear in nature.
even after i was happily hanged and wopsle had closed the book, pumblechook sat staring at me, and shaking his head, and saying, take warning, boy, take warning!
now perfect criticism would demand perfect knowledge, but since that is impossible, a good working knowledge will suffice, the wider the better.
and so, when he was turned out of prison again, without a penny in his pocket, he went straight to jack duane.
i arrived at the office so soon, after all, that i had half an hours loitering about the commons, before old tiffey, who was always first, appeared with his key.
it ran on the single rail; its four wheels revolved in a line, one behind another; and it traveled with the level, flexible equilibrium of a ship moving across a dock.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
for the present, i am only asking what are the grounds which lead to a belief in causal laws, not whether these grounds are adequate to support the belief in universal causation.
no offence, sir, said the griffin; we have it asked for by so many names, i thought it might be.
skiffins (thats her brother) is an accountant and agent.
the old testament is tribal in its provinciality; its god is a local god, and its village police and sanitary regulations are erected into eternal laws.
it is this sort of occurrence that constitutes the essence of memory until we have analysed what happens in such a case as this, we have not succeeded in understanding memory.
herein are demanded the eye and the nerve.
do i constantly entreat you, said mrs. steerforth, to speak plainly, in your own natural manner?
with a deprecatory grunt, the jackal again complied.
popular sayings, slogans, or current phrases are not always enclosed in quotation marks, but are often set off in a separate paragraph as a striking form of beginning.
i heard a heavy puffing and blowing coming towards us, and soon mr. omer, shorter-winded than of yore, but not much older-looking, stood before me.
i dont say she and i are alike--i know there is a long, long way between us.
to every man comes, sooner or later, the great renunciation.
the cells were in tiers, opening upon galleries.
we felt quite important and used to wink at each other across the table.
cried biddy, in a burst of happiness, and i am married to joe!
the reference to the future in this question is not essential.
how can you go on as if it was all settled and arranged, peggotty, when i tell you over and over again, you cruel thing, that beyond the commonest civilities nothing has passed!
differences of judgment about the technical qualities of a musical performance should never exist.
i have known him set out in the night, on a misgiving that the light might not be, by some accident, in the window of the old boat, and walk to yarmouth.
this is the sole question for the judge.
that is among my very earliest impressions.
the craving for it was strong enough to master every other consideration--he would have it, though it were his last nickel and he had to starve the balance of the day in consequence.
opposite me was an elderly lady in a great fur cloak, who looked in the dark more like a haystack than a lady, she was wrapped up to such a degree.
used in combination with medium and long sentences it gains prominence by contrast.
i answered that i was very sure i liked it passably well; i was not joking.
if i have sometimes, in the course of years, wanted help and counsel, they have come to me.
he had not attended to the train of his thoughts long when he heard some one playing on a flute, and that sound harmonized with his mood.
suddenly the pullman company awoke to the absurdity of it all.
i might have been surprised by the feeling tone in which he spoke, if i had given it a thought; but i gave it none until afterwards.
it was because of ona; the least glance at her was always enough to make him control himself.
his regarding the two as different in this respect illustrates just that kind of slavery to time which, as we agreed in speaking of parmenides, the true philosopher must learn to leave behind him.
you preach, about as consistent as they did.
it was a warm day, and he was surprised to see so great a body of ice remaining.
the eldest, the beauty is here, said traddles, in a low confidential voice, caroline.
it insured privacy and still permitted the air to pass through for ventilation.
the chair upon which you sit may collapse, the car in which you ride may collide, your heart may suddenly cease.
man thus not only works for the animal within him, but, for a symbol of this, he works for the animal without him.
they put in with a stone two-gallon jar for some beer.
some of these people knew their turn for examination to be so far off, that they lay down on the ground to sleep or smoke, while others talked together, or loitered about.
mr. lorry was so taken aback, that he looked quite stupidly at mr. stryver shouldering him towards the door, with an appearance of showering generosity, forbearance, and goodwill, on his erring head.
and still she cried, as if her heart would break.
the popular conception of instinct errs by imagining it to be infallible and preternaturally wise, as well as incapable of modification.
mr. chillip was fluttered again, by the extreme severity of my aunts manner; so he made her a little bow and gave her a little smile, to mollify her.
really, my dear, interposed mr. micawber.
in the first of the three cafs i saw a second old man.
finally one of them called a policeman, who came and grabbed jurgis by the collar, and jerked him to his feet, bewildered and terrified.
it landed me on the flat between the town and the sea, which i could make straight across, and so save myself a considerable circuit by the high road.
moving the lamp as the man moved, i made out that he was substantially dressed, but roughly, like a voyager by sea.
i saw, in my aunts face, that she began to give way now, and dora brightened again, as she saw it too.
both these heads of information were in a list that magwitch, while in prison, gave to mr. jaggers, of the possessions he supposed i should inherit.
he blew a slight, contemptuous breath, as if he blew himself away.
i wonder now, when i recall his leer, that i did not collar him, and try to shake the breath out of his body.
much as we esteem the old gentleman who is our neighbour in the country, we know that when grouse are mentioned he will tell the story of the grouse in the gun-room.
the fish reporter crosses the street to see the head of the sardine trust, who has just thrown the market into excitement by a heavy cut in prices of last year's pack.
in other words, liability is to be based on an act, and it must be a culpable act.
such propositions as the above are trivial, and would never be enunciated in real life except by an orator preparing the way for a piece of sophistry.
i found a vast amount of profession, varying very little in character: varying very little (which i thought exceedingly suspicious), even in words.
meanwhile madame and the sergeant had generously admitted all eleven of us into their conversation.
i dont want it to do me more good than it does now, said my convict, with a greedy laugh.
the occupant of the chair will be, if the announced intention is carried out, quite as often british as american, and quite as likely a public man as a professor.
if they could see what it would do for them, it would not be originality.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
devoutly thankful to heaven for his recovered self-possession, he thought, there is but another now, and turned to walk again.
miss mills had a wonderful flow of words, and liked to pour them out.
i must admit nursery in-grown evergreens are easier to handle, and make a better and quicker growth.
she clenched both her hands, said traddles, looking at me in dismay; shut her eyes; turned lead-colour; became perfectly stiff; and took nothing for two days but toast-and-water, administered with a tea-spoon.
it is a body of instruments, selected with a view to their ability to perform the most complex music.
how vain, then, have been all your labors, citizens, for me!
here is daisy, too, loves music from his soul.
it seems to be the case that we can sometimes know molecular propositions, as in the above instance of the umbrella, when we do not know whether the component atomic propositions are true or false.
we were not far from blackfriars bridge, when he turned his head and pointed to a solitary female figure flitting along the opposite side of the street.
the assistant professor of pleasaunce agreed.
it was the close of the summer day, and he knew lucie to be out with miss pross.
and then stanislovas died-- stanislovas dead!
the spy withdrew, and carton seated himself at the table, resting his forehead on his hands.
mr. omer and i nodded at each other, and mr. omer recruited his wind by the aid of his pipe.
the subscriptions were voluntary, for no one could be forced to remove a mosquito-breeding nuisance from his property.
that evening all the tables on my piazza were filled and there was a slight sprinkling indoors.
they endeavor to find the pre-appointed code pigeonhole for each concrete case, to put the case in hand into it by a purely logical process and to formulate the result in a judgment.
he had assured her, he said, that it was all nonsense; and he had nothing more to say to her.
it is these kitchen and backstair men who are to be encouraged, the men who know the subject in hand in all possible relationships.
this is another reason for the supposed self-contradictions of infinite numbers.
it was cold, disagreeable work, for instance, to prepare an exhibit for the heart of america poultry show at kansas city last fall; but mrs. tupper felt repaid.
a full hour before the party reached the city they had begun to note the perplexing changes in the atmosphere.
at present i would prefer to see you anything rather than a friend, to me, or to anyone in whom i feel an interest.
altogether, it was a scene i could not help dwelling on with pleasure, for a long time after i got back and had wished traddles good night.
when i was a farm-boy, it was about this time that i used to get out of my boots for half an hour and let my bare feet feel the ground beneath them once more.
his condition was that of a young gentleman.
there are two opinions concerning o. henry.
for i purposely talked to him as if he were a philosopher, or desired to be one.
i had seen the harvest, but had never thought of the seed.
but, indeed, the dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution, is one of those pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.
it will not be worth the while to accumulate property; that would be sure to go again.
can it be true, said defarge, in a low voice, looking down at his wife as he stood smoking with his hand on the back of her chair: what he has said of ma'amselle manette?
the kitchen will not improve you, in the many respects in which you need improvement.
it was sickening, like a nightmare, in which suddenly something gives way beneath you, and you feel yourself sinking, sinking, down into bottomless abysses.
it undoubtedly does take less time to dash off a special feature story than it does to think out all of the details and then write it.
in each there are two kinds, one immediate and one derivative.
his arms are swelled because of being bound so tight, his wooden shoes are large and clumsy, and he is lame.
as they looked at her, i looked at her also.
this promise they would keep, strictly and to the letter--for two years.
before i had reached the pond some fresh impulse had brought out john field, with altered mind, letting go bogging ere this sunset.
even if this should happen, however, they would still be distinguishable from sensations by their proximate causal laws, as gases remain distinguishable from solids.
and agnes laid her head upon my breast, and wept; and i wept with her, though we were so happy.
it is necessary to knight dunlap's position to maintain that this additional knowledge is purely inferential, but he makes no attempt to show how the inference is possible.
even in april i was saying that winter would soon be here.
of browning's new guns it is not, of course, permissible to give any details.
although jurgis did not understand it all, he knew enough by this time to realize that it was not supposed to be right to sell your vote.
he was, at first, somewhat disconcerted to meet us two together; but quickly decided what to do, and came up to me.
if you meant to reason with such a poor little thing as i am, you ought to have told me so, you cruel boy!
and though it is terrible to you to hear, said mr. wickfield, quite subdued, if you knew how terrible it is for me to tell, you would feel compassion for me!
and word of it will reach every corner of the earth.
he went into mr. barkiss room like light and air, brightening and refreshing it as if he were healthy weather.
the door opened then, and peggotty appeared, beckoning to ham to come in.
hold me, both on youone of each sidedont let her touch me with it.
he fell with the immense collapse of that dream fabric.
but, peggotty told me, when she lighted me to a little chamber where the crocodile book was lying ready for me on the table, that he always was the same.
i know what you mean, cried mr. wickfield.
it is a cumbersome, ungainly, and fearsome-looking implement, but with a convincing, grim, and business-like appearance.
many of the life-boats reach the water safely with their heavy burdens, but the strain on the tackles--far beyond their working load--is too great for all to stand to it.
the writer of a definition after this method needs to take care that when he has shown the various causes or effects, he surely binds them somehow together and vitally to the subject of definition.
it was the dark and dirty corner of a small winding street.
they have been high-minded, fine-grained, eloquent in manner, in odd contrast to the real or reputed vigor and crudeness of the nation.
on some business that makes you uneasy, agnes, i see, said i.
so jurgis turned and followed, and toward the end of the morning he began to see chicago again.
so i thanked her ardently for this mark of her affection, and for all her other kindnesses towards me; and after a tender good night, she took her nightcap into my bedroom.
i believe this tendency to be entirely right, but to demand a re-statement of what constitutes desire, exhibiting it as a causal law of our actions, not as something actually existing in our minds.
numbers of people were there before me, all running in one direction, to the beach.
how can i, imperceptibly, have changed, i wonder!
the more we reflect upon these, the more we realise exactly what they are, and exactly what a doubt concerning them really means, the more luminously certain do they become.
and with these the execution is but play; for the stylistic problem is resolved beforehand, and all large originality of treatment wilfully foregone.
so sunken and suppressed it was, that it was like a voice underground.
it was then that i began to realize the responsibility of my position, to grapple with the problem of dealing fairly both with my employer and the public.
but such has been the story, for i have lived in the city of the damned, and i know what horror men permitted to be brought upon them.
hence arises a belief in the vanity of human wishes: the vain wishes are those that are secondary, but mistaken beliefs prevent us from realizing that they are secondary.
upon which my sister fixed me with her eye, and said, in a low reproachful voice, do you hear that?
as a matter of fact, in the majority of newspaper and magazine offices all unsolicited manuscripts are considered strictly on their merits.
and ill say so again, my love, i returned, a thousand times!
you may use this ebook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research.
he did everything for me except the household work, for which he had engaged a very decent woman, after paying off the laundress on his first arrival.
he had the brightest little black eyes, and little black ringlets all over his head; he was the living image of his father, everybody said--and jurgis found this a fascinating circumstance.
the failure of college courses in english composition to produce geniuses.
several times she has gone out early, and been absent until evening.
the nomadic life has great advantages, if we can find tents ready pitched for us at every stage.
in the first place their branches are too low and unless carefully pruned their shape is irregular.
i thanked him for his valuable advice, and asked him what herbert had done?
mr. lorry returned, and found no tidings of him, and brought none.
estella looked at her for a moment with a kind of calm wonder, but was not otherwise disturbed; when the moment was past, she looked down at the fire again.
he was never absent during business hours, unless upon an errand, and then he was represented by his son: a grisly urchin of twelve, who was his express image.
this procedure, since it takes sides in a conflict of instinctive beliefs, stands in need of justification by proving the greater trustworthiness of the beliefs on one side than of those on the other.
who do you think is going to be married tomorrow?
it is said that knowledge is power, and the like.
we recognize a thing (it may be urged) as having been in our experience before, whatever that may mean; we do not recognize it as merely having been in the world before.
if you cannot confidently trust me, whom will you trust?
once upon a time old lafferty had been caught with a gang that had stolen cows from several of the poor people of the neighborhood and butchered them in an old shanty back of the yards and sold them.
that i should go to school every day, while i worked--who could dream of such a thing?
oh, my lungs and liver, what do you want?
he wore his hat on the back of his head, and looked straight before him: walking in a self-contained way as if there were nothing in the streets to claim his attention.
in axiomatic mathematical propositions we find perhaps the least strong appeal: that the sum of the angles of a triangle is equal to two right angles might seem to be divorced from all excitement.
or shall i hear the name of plato and never read his book?
if you couldnt abear yourself biddy asked me here, as she sat holding my sisters plate, have you thought about when youll show yourself to mr. gargery, and your sister and me?
he could not even imagine how it would feel to be beaten.
on the contrary, it would have been better, for his preservation would then have naturally and tenderly addressed my heart.
the creed, as i should state it now, was this.
she lay between us, and the red light; and every taper line and spar was visible against the glow.
not one of the whole number appeals by look or gesture, to the pity of the people.
it was a noble dish of fish that the housekeeper had put on table, and we had a joint of equally choice mutton afterwards, and then an equally choice bird.
i thanked him, and assented; and particularly small it looked, under those circumstances.
i am living by the sort of work i have mentioned, still, and i hope, one of these days, to get connected with some newspaper: which would almost be the making of my fortune.
you mean you break into them--you--you-- yes, laughed the other, that's what they say.
pronouns stand for particulars, but are ambiguous: it is only by the context or the circumstances that we know what particulars they stand for.
your manners have been of that silent and sullen and hangdog kind, that, upon my life and soul, i have been ashamed of you, sydney!
said miss clarissa, again glancing at my letter.
they told her i was gone to seek her, and what my parting words was.
if we say that the things known must be in the mind, we are either unduly limiting the mind's power of knowing, or we are uttering a mere tautology.
yet he could not bring himself to believe such things--no, it could not be so.
this second part merges into pure mathematics, whose propositions all turn out, on analysis, to be such general formal truths.
to this race, i say, belonged the man who now approached me.
we say to ourselves that we are a wretch and a traitor.
i do not wish to be any more busy with my hands than is necessary.
it had such an effect upon the mind of mr. dick (thats not madness, i hope!)
we said that as you put it in your pocket very glad to get it, you seemed to be immensely amused at his being so weak as to lend it.
we drove a long way through the streets, until we came to one of the large hospitals.
o. henry had rare but precious insights into human destiny and human nature.
then he let himself down again, and became silent.
draw up a list of the headings that might appear in a criticism of military drill by standards, in a criticism by the historical method, and in a less purely personal appreciative criticism than the example here.
she is greatly distressed; but her father is comforting her, and she feels the better for being out of court.
the way shall be prepared for you, and you can see his son first, who is in london.
well, sir, said the waiter, with an apologetic air.
such people are called self-deceivers, and are supposed to have had to go through some more or less elaborate process of concealing from themselves what would otherwise have been obvious.
waiver by a surety of the defense of release by giving time to the principal needs no element of consideration nor of estoppel.
you have said so, any time these ten years, doctor, mr. wickfield answered.
how many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
whether does my full heart turn to the great enchanter, or to the island upon which he has laid his spell?
there is no such thing as such fulfilment on this earth.
altogether it was a great day; and tired as they were, jurgis and ona sat up late, contented simply to hold each other and gaze in rapture about the room.
italy has educated her; france has educated her; we have done something; and germany.
i know those men i have named are transcendent, the greater lights.
what i loved in my friends was not inimitable.
we found the marks of your feet across the plain where no men walk.
but soon, by some inexorable law, our life goes by and the cars return.
because you and i are very different people, i returned.
i asked him if he had ever seen miss havishams adopted daughter, mrs. bentley drummle.
now you must really bear with me, because i ask for information.
by keeping an accurate account of the costs of meal, milk, and so on, i find that i can put a pound of fat on a coop-fed chicken for seven cents.
i have seen her image in the moonlight often, as i now see you; except that i never held her in my arms; it stood between the little grated window and the door.
spontaneity of reaction to the hero is in possible danger of extinction when the biographer has solidly set down the class name.
many a child has come to grief in his attempts to keep safely within the limits of truth and yet be close up to the realm of desirable falsehood.
and it gained its point after all, for i saw it through the window within a few minutes, being nursed by little jane.
and i was so miserable poor, that i sold all the clothes i had, except what hung on my back, afore i could get jaggers.
the beauty of the ice was gone, and it was too late to study the bottom.
about two leagues beyond the summit of that hill above the village.
this is one of its peculiar institutions; for it is a shire town.
there is an old, old house whose business has been fish oil within the memory of men.
the dramatic development also touched purely instrumental music.
up against it myself, ole sport, he said.
this son's marriage led to mrs. frazer's return to hannibal twenty-two years ago.
she added, as a commentary on this offer, and, with her finger on her nose, departed.
he kept an open table, round which sat flatterers and poor friends, who laughed at the honest rector's many jokes, and ate the produce of his seventy acres of farm.
the liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.
but i am bound to confess at times they bore me.
the saying is full of the mellow wisdom of either writer, and stamped with the peculiar veracity of the silver age of roman or british epigram.
so when the oldest of them asked us: where have you been?
what his remembrances of me were, i have never known--they were light enough, perhaps, and easily dismissed--but mine of him were as the remembrances of a cherished friend, who was dead.
the march of its eloquence, the solemnity of its sentiment, and the rich balance of its pronouns unite to make it a model for all historians: it can be adapted for any period.
i picture myself taking courage to make a declaration to miss larkins.
it didn't take long for the meeting to go on record as favoring the central-packing-house plan.
i hope your horse may think so too, said my aunt; but at present he is holding down his head and his ears, standing before the door there, as if he thought his stable preferable.
mr. omer had made room for me, and placed a chair.
moreover, in summer, walden never becomes so warm as most water which is exposed to the sun, on account of its depth.
to the best of my belief, those efforts entirely failed.
can you cook this young gentlemans breakfast for him, if you please?
it may be that he lays up no treasures in this world which will cool his summer drink in the next.
you are always a beggar, you know; but when you do that, you are an impudent beggar.
passion is the steam in the engine of all religious and moral systems.
she hadnt no children of her own, this woman, being a young wife; but she was a-looking to have one afore long.
i am glad to hear you are sorry, david, he replied.
at the cool end of the annealing furnace the bottle is met by the packers and is made ready for shipment.
thus the statement 'two and two are four' deals exclusively with universals, and therefore may be known by anybody who is acquainted with the universals concerned and can perceive the relation between them which the statement asserts.
government oppressed the body of the wage-slave, but religion oppressed his mind, and poisoned the stream of progress at its source.
an image, together with a belief of this sort concerning it, constitutes, according to our definition, consciousness of the prototype of the image.
it is well for you, john, that your cousin is the wife of the doctor.
the fulfilment of the second has not yet arrived.
every man is the builder of a temple, called his body, to the god he worships, after a style purely his own, nor can he get off by hammering marble instead.
well, said my aunt, thats lucky, for i should like it too.
for it shows what should be the tone of the complete piece of writing, and how this tone should be modified by the individual section of the writing.
all the men who carried him had known him, and gone sailing with him, and seen him merry and bold.
the gauntlet, to which mrs. micawber referred upon a former occasion, being thrown down in the form of an advertisement, was taken up by my friend heep, and led to a mutual recognition.
not well from here; but i think i see it.now i see him!
we have first of all to observe that there are no infinitesimal sense-data: any surface we can see, for example, must be of some finite extent.
shall we terminate our conference for the night?
how do you know that you are not dreaming me, for instance?
he passes out of our life, and goes to render his account beyond it.
it was a picture of comfort, full of easy-chairs, cushions and footstools, worked by his mothers hand, and with no sort of thing omitted that could help to render it complete.
decidedly not; once received a kick on the top of a staircase, and fell downstairs of his own accord.
there was a song joe used to hum fragments of at the forge, of which the burden was old clem.
the attempt is to frame general formulas by which the rigid rules of the strict law may be reconciled where they overlap or conflict or may be distinguished in their application where such overlapping or conflict threatens.
nations are possessed with an insane ambition to perpetuate the memory of themselves by the amount of hammered stone they leave.
a gramophone, by the help of suitable records, might relate to us the incidents of its past; and people are not so different from gramophones as they like to believe.
it was then i began to understand that everything in the room had stopped, like the watch and the clock, a long time ago.
an article should march right along from beginning to end, without digressing or marking time.
no motive, said mr. wickfield, for meaning abroad, and not at home?
he is intent upon various new expenses,horses, and carriages, and lavish appearances of all kinds.
french girls are bad, too, the worst of all, except for the japanese.
said she, looking over her shoulder at me with the same expression.
in lines two and four, the current s is most delicately varied with z.
i found that the street was not as desirable a one as i could have wished it to be, for the sake of traddles.
its thin current slides away, but eternity remains.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
and, it being low water, he went out with the tide.
was mrs. joes christmas salutation, when i and my conscience showed ourselves.
she cried, picking up the pocket-handkerchief, if that dont make seven times!
in conciseness, that spartan virtue, he was strong, though it must be confessed that the tale-teller was now and then hustled from the rostrum by his rival and enemy, the talker.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
said the doctor, turning towards the window.
he followed the banker down the aisle, tucked away the bags, pulled down the shades, fixed the pillow and placed the matches on the window sill.
in the feudal social order reciprocal duties involved in relations established by tradition and taken to rest on authority were the significant legal institutions.
after another silent turn in the garden, i fell back on the main position.
this preference is only explicable by taking account of the causal efficacy of beliefs, and of the greater appropriateness of the responses resulting from true beliefs.
but you dont know, said i, that emily was charitable to her, with hams help, long before she fled from home.
with unrelaxed nerves, with morning vigor, sail by it, looking another way, tied to the mast like ulysses.
i had been in agony to obtain some knowledge of the circumstances in which my dora would be placed--as, in whose guardianship, and so forth--and this was something towards it.
he turned deadly pale, but he caught himself, and for half a minute stood in the middle of the room, clenching his hands tightly and setting his teeth.
their fate was pressing; they had not a cent, and the children would perish--some money must be had.
for one thing we do not recognize as legally enforceable all intentional promises intended to be binding upon the promisor.
or i could refer you to ireland, which is marked as one of the white or enlightened spots on the map.
it is earths eye; looking into which the beholder measures the depth of his own nature.
and, strange to say, you have not to pay by going through the day unrefreshed.
and if theyre in foreign languages wot i dont understand, i shall be just as proud as if i did.
joe pursued, somebody must keep the pot a biling, pip, or the pot wont bile, dont you know?
the answer provisionally suggested at the outset of our inquiry was that psychology and physics are distinguished by the nature of their causal laws, not by their subject matter.
the preparations for my marriage are making, and i shall be married soon.
he hasnt been able to draw it up yet, without introducing that mode of expressing himself; but it dont signify; it keeps him employed.
the course is planned to equip women with the practical knowledge that will enable them to manage private and commercial gardens, greenhouses or orchards.
however, my determined manner would have its effect, and herbert would fall to work again.
these tendencies of the times cause the public to be more disposed than at most former periods to prescribe general rules of conduct, and endeavour to make every one conform to the approved standard.
if mr. pip has the intention of going at once, said wemmick to mr. jaggers, he neednt write an answer, you know.
a young gentleman may be over-careful of himself, or he may be under-careful of himself.
in what this difference consists it is, however, not easy to say.
sometimes several examples are given before the explanatory matter is offered.
it really is of importance, not only what men do, but also what manner of men they are that do it.
very likely he will declare that he is merely making suggestions rather than giving a treatment.
but as my aunt had swathed me up, i made no complaint of being inconvenienced.
the messenger being gone, the philosopher remarked: what a worthy messenger!
there was no red fire and no band now, but there was a sign out, announcing a meeting, and a stream of people pouring in through the entrance.
along with them he was driven into a large, white-walled room, stale-smelling and crowded.
i hope there will be nothing wrong about it, said i. i hope not, said traddles.
and now we know that metal draws the power of the sky, and that metal can be made to give it forth.
when a certain number of logical principles have been admitted, the rest can be deduced from them; but the propositions deduced are often just as self-evident as those that were assumed without proof.
i had alighted from joes back on the brink of the ditch when we came up, and had not moved since.
he does not make it, said i, and has never made it, and has no knowledge or belief that his daughter is in existence.
that if she had ever loved me with another love--and i sometimes thought the time was when she might have done so--i had cast it away.
perhaps the latter possibility may be the nearer to the truth.
and there is hardly any limit to the vagueness of which images are capable.
i was awoke by somebody saying here he is!
civilization may change the form of the contest, but fighting to win, whether in love or politics, business or sport, still has a strong hold on all of us.
he has but sketched this theory, but his discussion contains many valuable suggestions.
of course care must be exercised not to make the structure of the article too evident by the presence of such a sentence, but its judicious use will help to unify the thought for the reader.
what new phase of life is revealed by seeing in the body, say, a dozen practitioners of a trade of whom we know there are several tens of thousands in new york?
he was younger than me, but hed got craft, and hed got learning, and he overmatched me five hundred times told and no mercy.
narratives and descriptions also have the advantage of being concrete and vivid.
that was his answer, and it showed his mood; from now on he was fighting, and the man who hit him would get all that he gave, every time.
we lunged against the door and it gave way.
if i haven't got it, he shouted, how can i pay it?
a little bread or a few potatoes would have done as well, with less trouble and filth.
oh, my lungs and liver, what do you want?
in all he had to spend six nickels in keeping a shelter over him that frightful day, and then it was just dark, and the station houses would not open until midnight!
general information about project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
when a mans wanted for rough sarvice in rough weather, hes theer.
sophy told me afterwards, that the self-reproach she underwent while she was in attendance upon sarah, no words could describe.
then, estella being gone and we two left alone, she turned to me, and said in a whisper, is she beautiful, graceful, well-grown?
quoted verses respecting self and young gazelle.
then, suddenly recollecting, he put his hand into his pocket and drew it out, shaking.
in speaking of memory, we distinguished three kinds of belief directed towards the same content, namely memory, expectation and bare assent without any time-determination in the belief-feeling.
therefore spaces and times, if real at all, must not be regarded as composed of points and instants.
it precedes the green and flowery spring, as mythology precedes regular poetry.
even sophys being here, is unprofessional.
all primitive desire is unconscious, and in human beings beliefs as to the purposes of desires are often mistaken.
from now on, i practice the philosophy of montesquieu and pursue the general good by doing that which i like best.
the tranquillity and peace belonging, of old, to that quiet ground in my memory, pervaded it again.
there would be stories about it going the rounds; the girls opposite you would be telling them and winking at you.
i suppose i had forgotten what it was really like.
theerfore, think no more of it as betwixt two sech, and do not let us pass remarks upon onnecessary subjects.
in going over his work, word by word and sentence by sentence, the writer will generally find many opportunities to increase the effectiveness of the structure and the style.
but although such cases are so clear that no confusion seems possible, there are many others that are far more difficult, and the definition of images is by no means an easy problem.
but it is impossible for a busy man to write history without formul, and after all sheep are sheep and goats are goats.
she gradually withdrew her eyes from me, and turned them on the fire.
but all this is very selfish, i have heard some of my townsmen say.
for what it is worth, it may be set down that a large proportion of the boy applicants carefully scrutinize the dollar sign when they talk wages.
since the dominant interests of men and women alike are their business and their home, the special writer should undertake to connect his subject as closely as possible with these interests.
we worked with it, we tested it in more ways than we can describe, and each step was as another miracle unveiling before us.
i cannot, even now, distinctly pledge myself to fall upon your familys neck; but the member of your family, who is now in attendance, shall have no genial warmth frozen by me.
marija's disturbances did not mean anything, and while she had known only lithuanian and polish, they had done no harm, for people only laughed at her and made her cry.
even if the public prosecutor desires to prosecute, the grand jury may ignore the charge.
my convict never looked at me, except that once.
i say this, because what i must bid you to do for charles's sake, is the hardest thing to do of all.
before his house was pulled down, when his comrades avoided it as an unlucky castle, i visited it.
beginning at the bottom there is the discretion of the police as to who and what shall be brought to the judicial mill.
it was cruel iron-hard; and hour after hour they would cringe in its grasp, alone, alone.
if record sheets are to be used for illustration, the ruling should be done with black drawing ink, and the figures and other data should be written in with the same kind of ink.
one must admit that things looked bad for the league.
the coffee-room had no other occupant, that forenoon, than the gentleman in brown.
then she would open it at the place where jip had made it illegible last night, and call jip up, to look at his misdeeds.
when she worked overtime, there was the extra pay to compensate.
when it is the mnemic portion of the cause of future occurrences in the animal's life.
when he was gone, my mother asked me all about the day i had had, and what they had said and done.
if that staid old house near the green at richmond should ever come to be haunted when i am dead, it will be haunted, surely, by my ghost.
there is one kind of prison where the man is behind bars, and everything that he desires is outside; and there is another kind where the things are behind the bars, and the man is outside.
i mark this cross of blood upon him, as a sign that i do it.'
hybrid oriental rugs--the bane of the novice and the joy of the collector--are largely an epitome of the wars of asia.
leave us, good boys; we have business here.
now he walked jauntily, and smiled to himself, seeing the frown that came to the boss's face as the timekeeper said, mr. harmon says to put this man on.
i am instructed to communicate to him, said mr. jaggers, throwing his finger at me sideways, that he will come into a handsome property.
let him suppose it a mere freak, but a secret one, until the morning comes: then let him know that there is urgent reason for your getting provis aboard and away.
how easily i carried dora up and down stairs, now!
from my point of view, he was the wrong twin all the time, and only externally like the wemmick of walworth.
i have often wondered who the annotator was.
beside, we are sound asleep nearly half our time.
a heterogeneous public inevitably includes a considerable number of individuals who are attracted by a suggestive treatment of morbid phases of life.
the 'sense' of relations is the ultimate source of order and series and a host of mathematical concepts; but we need not concern ourselves further with this aspect.
my young conductress locked the gate, and we went across the courtyard.
what is going to be done with me, peggotty dear?
this brings the strings to the bottom of the page, the instruments of percussion (drums, cymbals, etc.)
then jurgis became sorry that he could not read himself; and later on in the winter, when some one told him that there was a night school that was free, he went and enrolled.
said the milkman, still throwing his voice into the house, and glaring down the passage.
it is a dream based on good, solid reasoning, backed by a great inventor's careful calculations; h.g.
i am not sure whether i have mentioned that, when mr. micawber was at any particularly desperate crisis, he used a sort of legal phraseology, which he seemed to think equivalent to winding up his affairs.
i had the highest opinion of the wisdom of this same margin, but i am bound to acknowledge that on looking back, i deem it to have been an expensive device.
she could scarcely answer, i trust in you.
before long he came to a big farmhouse, and turned up the lane that led to it.
mr. peggotty had smoked his evening pipe and there were preparations for some supper by and by.
what do you suppose he wants now, handel?
when the council of the home questioned us, we looked upon the faces of the council, but there was no curiosity in those faces, and no anger, and no mercy.
it was so good that i wrote to the shippers at rotterdam to see if i could get some sent to leith, but the usual difficulties in establishing connection between wholesale dealers and individual buyers prevented this.
now for instance, they were having winter racing in new orleans and a syndicate was laying out each day's program in advance, and its agents in all the northern cities were milking the poolrooms.
the recognized methods of describing characters in fiction may be used to advantage in portraying real persons.
this chap (why you must have come down in the night and been peeping into the inkstand, to get this blot upon your eyebrow, you old rascal!)
we cannot understand this new life which we have found, yet it seems so clear and so simple.
the mystery was explained next day, when it was intimated to me that i had made what is sometimes called, even in refined college circles, a break.
you told me, mr. jaggers, that it might be years hence when that person appeared.
from the base of this receptacle it flows over the radiator in the bottling-room, which reduces it at once to the required temperature, thence into the mechanical bottler.
a network of electric and steam railways and hundreds of miles of splendid state highways make up a system of economic arteries through which the industrial life-blood of the county circulates.
the captain himself was in the last extremity of shabbiness, with large whiskers, and an old, old brown great-coat with no other coat below it.
an old man with a white beard came towards me up the long white road.
she never missed before, says a knitting-woman of the sisterhood.
this illustrates how love of the marvellous may mislead even so careful an observer as fabre and so eminent a philosopher as bergson.
it chanced that they derived a kind of security from the patriotic occupation of the main building, but the true-hearted old gentleman never calculated about that.
most psycho-analysts pay little attention to the analysis of desire, being interested in discovering by observation what it is that people desire, rather than in discovering what actually constitutes desire.
among such truths are included those which merely state what is given in sense, and also certain abstract logical and arithmetical principles, and (though with less certainty) some ethical propositions.
sir, said mr. micawber, i rejoice to reply that they are, likewise, in the enjoyment of salubrity.
the progress of science is constantly producing such subsumptions, and therefore giving a constantly wider inductive basis for scientific generalizations.
the chief strategic problem in exposition, then, is that of so choosing and arranging the material that the point of the writing is made with the proper emphasis.
so they wouldnt have much, i observed, even if they ah!
said she, assenting with her head, but not looking at me.
the millionaire suggested that adams bring jurgis along, and then start up the subject of pure food, in which the editor was interested.
but i--i am afraid theres something the matter with them.
i have said that the company were all gone; but i ought to have excepted uriah, whom i dont include in that denomination, and who had never ceased to hover near us.
so ona began thinking of seeking employment herself, saying that if she had even ordinarily good luck, she might be able to take two months off the time.
rosa dartles keen glance comprehended all of us.
but as far as mere accuracy goes, the machine leaves nothing to be desired.
better to stay behind the frozen gate than to come too early up into realms where the wolves of cold are still aprowl.
they were not only hitting at the cheaper furnishings of my first room but also at the waiter whom i had employed, because i felt the need of a man's help in doing heavy work.
i love fresh air, but i cannot allow it to slay the shining and delicate body of my little friend the candle-flame, the comrade who ventures with me into the solitudes beyond midnight.
serve a friend with it, and you may know the end of it too,but its a less pleasant and profitable end.
i had to get into the front rank; i was not born there, was i?
two circumstances operate to keep the requirement of consideration alive in our law of simple contract.
as it stood open, and as i knew that estella had let the visitors out,for she had returned with the keys in her hand,i strolled into the garden, and strolled all over it.
i should have done better had i called on him.
but it seemed to us that the eyes of the transgressor had chosen us from the crowd and were looking straight upon us.
since, then, every division of a subject may be regarded as a unit that is complete in itself whatever its position in the article, each of the several kinds of units may be studied separately.
most of its citizens did not even think it was ailing, but there were some anxious souls who wondered if the rosy exterior were not the mockery of an internal fever.
it was such a wonderful thing, at first, to have her coming softly down to talk to me as i ate my supper.
he must get work, he told himself, fighting the battle with despair every hour of the day.
and herein, perchance, they have stolen a march on the cooks of paris.
well then, returned my aunt, softened by the reply, how can you pretend to be wool-gathering, dick, when you are as sharp as a surgeons lancet?
it is one of the oldest scenes stamped on my memory.
it collected the stories of graft and misery from the daily press, and made a little pungent paragraphs out of them.
it was covent garden theatre that i chose; and there, from the back of a centre box, i saw julius caesar and the new pantomime.
he had had a shower bath in jail, but nothing since--and now he would have a swim!
agnes, i cannot bear to see you so, and think that i have been the cause.
mr. dick recovered himself, with a blush.
my employment out of doors now was to collect the dead wood in the forest, bringing it in my hands or on my shoulders, or sometimes trailing a dead pine tree under each arm to my shed.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
the policeman on the corner was beginning to watch them; and so, as usual, they started up the street.
i doent know, you see, but maybe she believed--or hoped--he had drifted out to them parts, where the flowers is always a-blowing, and the country bright.
guv'ner ought to be here--glad to see you.
if i could have wished father to remain among us for any reason, said mrs. heep, it would have been, that he might have known his company this afternoon.
--or to mrs. crewler--it would be the utmost gratification of my wishes, to be a parent to the girls.
i suppose--i never ventured to inquire, but i suppose--that mrs. crupp, after frying the soles, was taken ill. because we broke down at that point.
universities also offer excellent opportunities for specialization.
mr. carton had lounged in, but he made only two.
and this is really the most essential function of words, namely that, originally through their connection with images, they bring us into touch with what is remote in time or space.
at the office in little britain there was the usual letter-writing, hand-washing, candle-snuffing, and safe-locking, that closed the business of the day.
crouching down again in a corner there, and looking in, he made out the three fishermen creeping through some rank grass!
others proceed upon the basis of a social contract expressing or guaranteeing the rights derived by reason from the nature of man in the abstract.
think how familiar to them the topography of the forest summits must be--an umbrageous sea or plain where every mark and point is known.
i took mr. micawber aside that same night, and confided to him the task of standing between mr. peggotty and intelligence of the late catastrophe.
all here is so unprecedented, so changed, so sudden and unfair, that i am absolutely lost.
during this parade, and at innumerable cart-tail meetings as well, jurgis labored tirelessly.
in the hands of some the doctrine as to hard bargains has a tendency to become wooden, as it were.
between him and the truth the avarice of a sordid landlady interposes the curtain of a lie.
i went straight back to the temple, where i found the terrible provis drinking rum and water and smoking negro-head, in safety.
for, clara has no mother of her own, handel, and no relation in the world but old gruffandgrim.
that i should innocently take a bad half-crown of somebody elses manufacture is reasonable enough; but that i should knowingly reckon the spurious coin of my own make as good money!
she's so weak, jurgis, she-- and he set his teeth hard together.
it is this preliminary question which is to be considered in this chapter.
i am of a strange nature, perhaps, rosa dartle went on; but i cant breathe freely in the air you breathe.
i propose that we first conduct your sister safely to the corner of her own street.
now, king edward is, above everything else, a very human man.
he had been ominously heard of, through the play-bills, as a faithful black, in connection with a little girl of noble birth, and a monkey.
occasionally a brilliant workman appears from nowhere, the happy possessor of an almost uncanny intuition of movements and purposes.
does the method, the order, have any really close connection with the value of the explanation?
all of these proceed partly from the attitude of the strict law in which our legal institutions first took shape.
prejudices, flirts, entertainments, shade-trees, methods of advertising, languages, scholastic degrees, systems of landscape gardening for small estates, migratory song birds of north america, laces.
in the instinctive association of prisoners with shameful crime and disgrace, the new-comer recoiled from this company.
the next step, therefore, is to discover and reveal the individuality.
everything will then proceed as before: whatever was verifiable is unchanged, but our language is so interpreted as to avoid an unnecessary metaphysical assumption of permanence.
such, in outline, but even more purposeless, more void of meaning, is the world which science presents for our belief.
to begin with, there are many instances of a word, namely all the different occasions when it is employed.
but if the opening sentences hold his attention, he reads on.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
semon's applications of his fundamental ideas in various directions are interesting and ingenious.
what does architecture amount to in the experience of the mass of men?
chequered sign on door-post; chequered human life.
our eyes have become so accustomed to seeing a final e which no one thinks of pronouncing, that the word is felt by some to have a certain sort of incompleteness if it be not found there.
what it can do, when it is purified from all practical taint, is to help us to understand the general aspects of the world and the logical analysis of familiar but complex things.
we shall perceive that the early removal of scott to the country began his intense love for scottish scenery and history, that the bitter laughter of byron's mother turned part of the poet's nature to gall.
of course, as an honest man, you will expect no other and no more.
hannah's return meant being engulfed in the vast roar made by rows of throbbing, whirring machines, into one of which she sewed her vitality at dizzy speed ten hours a day.
other columns of men arrive from the homes of the different trades.
a robust man might have rallied under the blow.
they were regular alchemists at durham's; they advertised a mushroom-catsup, and the men who made it did not know what a mushroom looked like.
nay, there seemed to be two or more shouts raised together,if one might judge from a confusion in the sound.
then, in spite of the fact that we see a finite extent of the motion at one instant, the extent which we see at one instant is different from that which we see at another.
no doubt my health would be much better if it was otherwise, still i wouldnt change my disposition if i could.
we go on dating from cold fridays and great snows; but a little colder friday, or greater snow, would put a period to mans existence on the globe.
its all right, said mr. barkis, shaking hands; im a friend of yourn.
whatever antanas might suffer where he was, he could suffer no more than he would have had he stayed upon earth.
he appears to me to have lived in a hail of saucepan-lids.
but my sisters belief is [twixt ourselves) as it has cut him deep.
it was such a stupendous thing to know for certain that she put her hair in papers.
to see them snatched from me by a stranger.
its business is to enable each experimentalist to benefit by the experiments of others, instead of tolerating no experiments but its own.
then he lurched toward jurgis, and the hand upon his shoulder became an arm about his neck.
monseigneur had been out at a little supper last night, where the comedy and the grand opera were charmingly represented.
they were astonished at the way the craft steamed away from them after they had rushed to assist what they thought was a ship in distress.
i have brought agnes from the canterbury coach, and her cheerful and beautiful face is among us for the second time.
besides, like carl, i had certain unuttered ideals about serving the world in those days.
i see the timber pier and the long line of rackety open-slatted cars jangling into the dark shed, pushed by a noisy, squealing locomotive.
i was disappointed to find that the day was a holiday; no children were there, and biddys house was closed.
peace, little vengeance, said madame defarge, laying her hand with a slight frown on her lieutenant's lips, hear me speak.
but often no scholarship is forthcoming; and there is nothing for the job lady to do but find a position for the small applicant.
well, there was no need to worry, grandmother majauszkiene said--the law made no difference except that it forced people to lie about the ages of their children.
a college career does not always develop, but in fact often kills, intellectual integrity.
my friend, i told you so, said the uncle, with a fine pulsation in the two marks.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
similarly, we only hear or smell or taste an object when we are sufficiently near to it, or when it touches the tongue, or has some suitable position in physical space relatively to our body.
this is just one of those facts that are too familiar for their significance to be realised; but those who wish to be logicians must acquire the habit of dwelling upon such facts.
when you came into the temple last night said i, pausing to wonder whether that could really have been last night, which seemed so long ago.
their conference was very short, but very decided.
at last we went back into the house, and there i heard, with surprise, that my guardian had come down to see miss havisham on business, and would come back to dinner.
like all sceptical hypotheses, it is logically tenable, but uninteresting.
only ole ham standin' by, passin' plates--damfican eat like that, no sir!
a rivers its natural depth, and hes his natural depth.
in the evening, sometimes, i went and sat with peggotty in the kitchen.
said miss murdstone, in her warning note.
he stooped a little, and with his tattered blue cap pointed under the carriage.
he would not be a life-prisoner, in ever so charming a bower.
the chief engineer comes to the bridge with a hopeless report.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
i cannot exaggerate the enhanced disquiet into which this conversation threw me, or the special and peculiar terror i felt at compeysons having been behind me like a ghost.
the doctor was engaged with someone in his study; but the visitor would be gone directly, mrs. strong said, and begged us to remain and see him.
and i recollect two bursting to the opposite side of the parlour, while she was hugging me.
a good illustration of this is afforded by space and time.
(d) but we must now face the question: is there, in actual empirical fact, any sufficient reason to believe the world of sense continuous?
a glimpse of the river through a dull gateway, where some waggons were housed for the night, seemed to arrest my feet.
these two are both part of the crude data; it is not the case that only the events are given, and their time-order is added by our subjective activity.
but i had no other intention than to speak to her tenderly and lovingly about our home-affairs.
i had recognized her with amazement, for miss dartle.
this was very curious, for jurgis had never been interested in babies before.
but if you marry a person, and the person dies, why then you may marry another person, maynt you, peggotty?
the question as to what becomes of the rainfall, therefore, is of considerable interest in this great agricultural center of north america, where we do well if we average twenty-five bushels to the acre.
no otherwise could the flavour of the vegetable be so perfectly, yet so delicately, emphasized.
in your conceded dreams, i am sure, you must invent and see and listen to persons who for the while seem quite as real to you as i do now.
but this test, though it increases probability where it is successful, never gives absolute certainty, unless there is certainty already at some point in the coherent system.
i have maintained throughout these lectures that the data of psychology do not differ in, their intrinsic character from the data of physics.
if not for their sakes; for mine, micawber, said his wife.
at heart and by descent an aristocrat, an enemy of the republic, a notorious oppressor of the people.
we bent to raise the golden one to their feet, but when we touched them, it was as if madness had stricken us.
society has expended fully as much effort in the attempt (according to its lights) to compel people to conform to its notions of personal, as of social excellence.
i had my doubts, i confess, but now theyre cleared up.
honor is taught by the companionship, the standards, the ideals, the talk, the actions of honorable men; it is taught by honoring honorable failure and turning the back on all manner of dishonorable success.
free will, therefore, is true in the only form which is important; and the desire for other forms is a mere effect of insufficient analysis.
then it soared higher, and grew broader and brighter.
note how, in the account which follows of how to handle a punt, the author makes the material quite human and personal--to the reader's pleasure.
jurgis was now one of their agents in this process; and he could feel the change day by day, like the slow starting up of a huge machine.
the last have nibbled for me a quarter of an acre clean.
governments have fallen into difficulty with each other over such things as contraband of war, there being great doubt at times whether a particular thing is properly contraband or not.
she dropped on her face, before the imperious figure in the chair, with an imploring effort to clasp the skirt of her dress.
if you have the heart to be so, you mean, biddy, said i, in a virtuous and superior tone; dont put it off upon me.
but i dont know what he might be to a gifted person.
the standard is, not connection, but usefulness.
the chief danger to guard against is that of making sensational, exaggerated, or false statements, merely to catch the reader's notice.
a book which approaches that light in the privacy of that place must come, as it were, with honest and open pages.
in an effort to make his titles attractive, a writer must beware of sensationalism and exaggeration.
his bowed head, and her angel-face and filial duty, derived a more pathetic meaning from it than they had had before.
just consider how much we need law in matters which have absolutely no moral bearing at all.
dear agnes, the happiness it is to me, to see you once again!
the result is to leave socialism standing out by itself with clearness.
it is time that we had uncommon schools, that we did not leave off our education when we begin to be men and women.
confidence is the big factor in selling, he reasoned.
this view, however, demands the admission of the subject, or act, in the sense discussed in our first lecture.
you know as well as i do that your cousin maldon would be dragged at the heels of any number of wild horses--why should i confine myself to four!
in every biography there is this problem.
i took a poet to board for a fortnight about those times, which caused me to be put to it for room.
a pretty well-known editor was saved from a mighty embarrassing time; and some other people have been saved from similarly embarrassing situations through the intuition and the resources of the pullman porter.
asked defarge, motioning to mr. lorry to come forward.
let us improve our opportunities, then, before the evil days come.
i receive many more invitations than it is possible for me to accept.
said mr. spenlow, coldly, as i mechanically offered them back to him.
he drew it under the sleeve of his mulberry-coloured great-coat, and i walked on, almost upon compulsion, arm-in-arm with him.
to avoid being too abrupt, i then spoke of the aged and of miss skiffins.
the preliminaries are adjusted, and the butcher and myself stand face to face.
how thoughtfully remind me, yet with no pretence of doing so, of the trust in which i held the orphan child!
the accepted novelist may take his novel up and put it down, spend days upon it in vain, and write not any more than he makes haste to blot.
far and wide the sky was flaring with the red glare that leaped from rows of towering chimneys--for it was pitch dark when jurgis arrived.
it is this relation that we must now investigate.
appearances to the contrary can be dispelled by a moment's reflection.
no, no, said herbert, thats my name for him.
always fishing for motives, when theyre on the surface!
nevertheless, both these authors, and especially mach, deserve mention as having made serious contributions to the consideration of our problem.
accordingly, i took the jacket off, that i might learn to do without it; and carrying it under my arm, began a tour of inspection of the various slop-shops.
pockets children were not growing up or being brought up, but were tumbling up.
and they could do nothing, they were tied hand and foot--the law was against them, the whole machinery of society was at their oppressors' command!
he was for any description of policy, in the compass of a week; and nailed all sorts of colours to every denomination of mast.
i do not suppose that this latter belief was a conscious one, because probably no other possibility had occurred to them.
we both knew it without words: this house was left from the unmentionable times.
since you are mr. would-be-slacker there is no use preaching patriotism to you.
he was more affected by this act of kindness, than i had ever seen him affected by anything since the night she went away.
i suppose annie would only have to say to the old doctor-- meaning that mrs. strong would only have to say to her husband--do i follow you?
all these things were going on now, and the family was helpless with dismay.
so it happened that steve bishop mounted the stairs that day, resolved to join the army if they would take him.
asked mr. lorry, with natural hesitation.
sydney carton took no heed, and the chemist said: for you, citizen?
then i called the golden one, and i told her what i had read and what i had learned.
so convinced i was of that womans being her mother, that i wanted no evidence to establish the fact in my own mind.
hear the howl of the wind as he opens the door and steps forth upon the iron balcony, eighty feet above the water, and peers out upon the storm.
one brings another, you see; thats the way of it.
it was insignificant and unnecessary, and cost more than it came to.
will you come and see me today, at any time you like to appoint?
mr. wopsle, with a majestic remembrance of old discomfiture, assented; but not warmly.
it was given to mrs. frazer and mark twain to renew their youthful friendship after a lapse of half a century.
it is represented that he is not in strong health, and has separated sadly from a friend who is under the displeasure of the republic.
but there was no staving off the question, what was to be done?
since a critic is in many ways a guide, he must guard as sacred his ability to see the straight road and to refuse the appeal of by-paths, however attractive.
a word is general when it is understood to be applicable to a number of different objects in virtue of some common property.
they may not be worth much, but, after all, theyre property and portable.
do you remember that i tried to tell you, when i came home, what a debt of gratitude i owed you, dearest agnes, and how fervently i felt towards you?
at length, dora regularly muffled him in a towel and shut him up there, whenever my aunt was reported at the door.
the weather was stormy, and the passage long and rough, and i lay on a sofa, almost from shore to shore.
he then gravely repaired to another table, where his sister sat herself at her desk.
we have ever been far from wishing to obtrude ourselves on anyone.
im glad to hear it, but i dont remember when.
when it closed upon him, i experienced the first moment of relief i had known since the night of his arrival.
the streetcars had begun running again, and several passed him, packed to the steps with people.
verbs, quite as much as nouns, adjectives, and adverbs, produce clear, vivid images when skillfully handled.
besides that all secret men are men soon terrified, here were surely cards enough of one black suit, to justify the holder in growing rather livid as he turned them over.
to our young people studying for the stage i say, with all solemnity, learn how to pronounce the english alphabet clearly and beautifully from some person who is at once an artist and a phonetic expert.
i sealed my letter, and, not trusting it out of my own hands, delivered it myself that day.
as i was loitering along the high street, looking in disconsolately at the shop windows, and thinking what i would buy if i were a gentleman, who should come out of the bookshop but mr. wopsle.
my state of mind regarding the pilfering from which i had been so unexpectedly exonerated did not impel me to frank disclosure; but i hope it had some dregs of good at the bottom of it.
and yet keeps that bench and those tools beside him?
i have thought it over again and again, said herbert, and i think i know a better course than taking a thames waterman.
her assistant came at seven-thirty in the morning.
what is it that your husband says in that little letter?
it was a donkey, said my aunt; and it was the one with the stumpy tail which that murdering sister of a woman rode, when she came to my house.
he said, suddenly appearing to notice, with alarm, the absence of traddles, and pulling down the bell-rope.
lift up one hand to heaven and thank your stars if they have given you the proper sense to enable you to appreciate the inconceivably droll situations in which we catch our fellow creatures.
i says each time,and i goes out in the air to say it under the open heavens,but wot, if i gets liberty and money, ill make that boy a gentleman!
mr. cruncher knuckled his forehead, as sydney carton and the spy returned from the dark room.
as it pleased heaven in its mercy to restore him so soon, i should have great hope.
i said, near london, which was all i knew.
why hadnt i said, even the day before we went to church, that i knew i should be uneasy, and i would rather not?
i should not have supposed him to be very free with his money either, i observed.
from that awful encounter of the soul with the outer world, renunciation, wisdom, and charity are born; and with their birth a new life begins.
we at once climbed to the chill attic, our billet, our lodging for the night.
they did not expect or want a woman to know anything and preferred light banter and persiflage.
and wreaths of dust were spinning round and round before the morning blast, as if the desert-sand had risen far away, and the first spray of it in its advance had begun to overwhelm the city.
achievements and controversies are ever culminating in these diverse fields, and the men and women actors therein make admirable subjects for his pages.
of mead or metheglin, the third indigenous liquor of southern britain, i know little.
so i saw her afterwards, in my sleep at school--a silent presence near my bed--looking at me with the same intent face--holding up her baby in her arms.
madam, replied mr. micawber, it is a true bill.
is there any evidence that the article was timely when it was published?
it was, said i. i should have been in the river long ago, she said, glancing at it with a terrible expression, if any wrong to her had been upon my mind.
miss mowcher replaced her handkerchief in her pocket, looking at me with very intent expression all the while, and pursued: i saw you in the street just now.
no wonder that the earth expresses itself outwardly in leaves, it so labors with the idea inwardly.
reading with a little more deliberation in the choice of their pursuits, all men would perhaps become essentially students and observers, for certainly their nature and destiny are interesting to all alike.
all you can do is to make as sure as possible; and for that there is but one rule.
think, by the bye, of those new potatoes, just mentioned.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
these bubbles are from an eightieth to an eighth of an inch in diameter, very clear and beautiful, and you see your face reflected in them through the ice.
young people are supposed to be mannerly, at least they were in my day, but old people may be as rude as they please, and no one reproves them.
charles darnay shook his head and doubtfully smiled, as the carriage rolled away.
our power of acting with reference to what is sensibly absent is largely due to this characteristic of images, although, as education advances, images tend to be more and more replaced by words.
in the arrangements of the little household, miss pross took charge of the lower regions, and always acquitted herself marvellously.
he took a heavy book from the shelf behind his desk and began to run through it.
now we sit in the tunnel for three hours each night and we study.
the headmaster and the assistant professor of pleasaunce agreed that it would be just as well not to tell the school how gawaine had achieved his record and still less how he came to die.
the client looked scared, but bewildered too, as if he were unconscious what he had done.
she brought with her two uncompromising hard black boxes, with her initials on the lids in hard brass nails.
as a matter of fact, however, this distinction is, as yet, by no means sharp.
in hindu law household ownership is still regarded as the normal condition.
formerly i had fasted and prayed and made sacrifice on the day of atonement, but it was more than half play, in mimicry of my elders.
it begins chattering and leaping, breaking into a thousand ripples, throwing up joyful fingers of spray.
a good piece of writing should have the same comments made; but they cannot be made, usually, without the carefully planned outline.
sometimes they have sprays of arbutus in their button-holes, or bunches of hepatica.
some relations demand three terms, some four, and so on.
this consideration will occupy the next chapter.
it remains to be examined whether they are actual qualities of such occurrences, or are merely differences as to causal properties.
yes, pursued my aunt, and he has done a pretty piece of business.
formerly, different ranks, different neighbourhoods, different trades and professions, lived in what might be called different worlds; at present, to a great degree in the same.
its far from right that i should do it, said mrs. gummidge.
perhaps dora first, i admitted, with a blush.
cried mr. lorry, breathless and confused.
yes, said i, delighted; he knows everything.
traddles laughed as heartily, almost the whole time, as he ate and worked.
biddy, pursued joe, when i got home and asked her fur to write the message to you, a little hung back.
here he is, said the doctor, entering the dark room at the moment.
they could not tell him that all was going well--how could they know, he cried--why, she was dying, she was being torn to pieces!
the traveler burton says of ityour morale improves; you become frank and cordial, hospitable and single-minded....
the farmers held a get-together meeting, decided on a location for a market in lockport, decided on market days and market hours.
nothings the matter, bless you, master davy dear!
look at me, marked until i die with his high displeasure; and moan and groan for what you made him!
to create concrete images must be the writer's constant aim.
do not unlink or detach or remove the full project gutenberg-tm license terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with project gutenberg-tm.
now a good many of the guests have finished, and, since there is no pretense of ceremony, the banquet begins to break up.
i interposed, and said, dora, my love, you must permit me.
narrative methods may be employed to present any group of facts that can be arranged in chronological order.
you come upon me, he said, almost angrily, like a reproachful ghost!
with axe and shovel you explore this mine, and follow the marrowy store, yellow as beef tallow, or as if you had struck on a vein of gold, deep into the earth.
it hushed the eloquent, struck down the powerful, abolished the beautiful and good.
he tells you so; and, before you are off the car, you are going to have good reason to believe it.
she might have married well, a mort of times, but, uncle, she says to me, thats gone for ever.
you have been in every line i have ever read since i first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then.
nobody denies that people should be so taught and trained in youth, as to know and benefit by the ascertained results of human experience.
so jurgis went in, and sat down at the table with the farmer's wife and half a dozen children.
with all that ruin at my feet and about me, it seemed a natural place for me, that day.
greens and blues, purples and whites, melt into one another, fade, and come again, and change with the changing sun.
birds is got wery shy, im told, said william.
we are familiar with judicial individualization in the administration of equitable remedies.
i cannot conceive why everybody of his standing who visited at our house should always have put me through the same inflammatory process under similar circumstances.
and he pulled out from somewhere a big roll of bills.
relations which have two terms are only one kind of relations.
not even by the dearest one ever to be known to you?
shall we always study to obtain more of these things, and not sometimes to be content with less?
but walking round the table is not the only way of altering its appearance.
in the hands of philosophers the foregoing conception often takes another form so that, fifth, law is looked upon as a body of ascertainments and declarations of an eternal and immutable moral code.
and, dear boy, how good looking you have growed!
how is the price of an article determined?
though not absolutely essential, timeliness is a valuable attribute of any subject.
it being all spent, he said, rising: so far, we have spoken before these two, because it was as well that the merits of the cards should not rest solely between you and me.
poverty in itself, with its limitations of proper rest and recuperation, is a very positive cause.
they secure permission to investigate trucking methods of contractors, department stores, wholesale merchants, coal dealers, truck owners hauling interstate freight, mills, factories and other lines of business.
you must regard the scythe as a pendulum that swings, not as a knife that cuts.
but we could not follow, for we were losing the puddle of light behind us.
oh, master copperfield, he said, with an air of self-denial, my reading is hardly to be called study.
in other words, what point can i attack easiest, where is my opponent weakest, what demands of the ground--gullies, hills, swamps, etc.--must i allow for?
i lean towards the high sierras, up above the yosemite valley.
it is something altogether more abstract and remote.
he was so perfectly innocent of my meaning, however, that i thought i would mention it to biddy in preference.
said the man who had caused miss pross to scream; speaking in a vexed, abrupt voice (though in a low tone), and in english.
st. louis is essentially a conservative city.
the denizens of the forest cannot, of course, expect to participate in the refinements of the land of the free.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
as their wine was measuring out, a man parted from another man in a corner, and rose to depart.
a combination of ground and sulfite wood makes the paper now used for news-print.
five years later tellson's bank by temple bar was an old-fashioned place, even in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.
tourists should come from very far to view hudson street.
that would be a greater calamity than ever now, ona continued, on account of the baby.
when steerforth, in white trousers, carried her parasol for her, i felt proud to know him; and believed that she could not choose but adore him with all her heart.
no law is so independent of circumstances that the time never comes for breaking it, changing it, scrapping it as obsolete, and even making its observance a crime.
i counted on it to draw custom, but not just in the way it did.
and when i says to compeyson, once out of this court, ill smash that face of yourn!
the kindnesses you have secretly done for his advancement, and then disclosed to me, for my surprise and pleasure, have been, you will believe, but aggravations of the unhappiness and burden of my secret.
in her name, then, let it be done; i sanction it.
what was he, to be pretending to decency!
compare the two with a view to making this statement: as the great man was to his large group, so the lesser man was to his smaller group.
love virtue, and the people will be virtuous.
my bricks being second-hand ones required to be cleaned with a trowel, so that i learned more than usual of the qualities of bricks and trowels.
the wreck, even to my unpractised eye, was breaking up.
and madame and the children were a gratifyingly appreciative audience.
but it is very difficult to suppose that he can entertain mere imagination-images to which no assent is given.
farinam in mortarium indito, aqu paulatim addito, subigitoque pulchre.
i am very much obliged to you, indeed, said traddles, on hearing it was to be sent to where he lived, that night.
feeling also very faint and drowsy, i soon lay down on the sofa again and fell asleep.
well, masr jaggers, said mike, wiping his nose on his fur cap this time; in a general way, anythink.
what was my amazement to find, of all people upon earth, my aunt there, and mr. dick!
there was a smooth, dry, level place in the road near home, and along this i used to run, and exult in that sense of light-footedness which is so keen at such times.
it is always so interesting to see ourselves as authors see us.
in this form of theory, a general foundation for property is derived from the economic nature of man or from the nature of man as an economic entity.
partly through paying me to help you, i suppose.
we became particularly hot upon some boorish sneer of drummles, to the effect that we were too free with our money.
the rest had crawled into the closet where they slept, but the baby was to have a bath, the workingman explained.
they think that, if they should resist, the remedy would be worse than the evil.
there was wine, and there was strong ale; and after dinner mrs. micawber made us a bowl of hot punch with her own hands.
the difficulty would not have been so great except for another fact--there had been a curious development in stockyards politics in the last year or two, a new party having leaped into being.
of our going, arm in arm, and dora stopping and looking back, and saying, if i have ever been cross or ungrateful to anybody, dont remember it!
while we were at the table he was generally around it, bulldozing for tid-bits--i fear he had reason to know that this would work.
did you ever buy a sheet of letter-paper?
if you would know the flavor of huckleberries, ask the cow-boy or the partridge.
an inexperienced writer who desires to submit special feature stories to newspapers should begin by analyzing thoroughly the stories of this type in the daily papers published in his own section of the country.
i wish to be quite right, mr. jaggers, and to keep to your directions; so i thought i had better ask.
'i am a doctor, my poor fellow,' said i.
for his daughter's sake, my dear manette!
and mrs. gummidge took his hand, and kissed it with a homely pathos and affection, in a homely rapture of devotion and gratitude, that he well deserved.
a quainter corner than the corner where the doctor lived, was not to be found in london.
in warm weather the flat-tiled roof will be used as a playground.
it was understood that you wanted nothing for yourself, remember?
he walked and walked, seeing nothing, splashing through mud and water.
martha wants, she said to ham, to go to london.
she has a great admiration for miss agnes, master copperfield, i believe?
agnes rose up from her fathers side, before long; and going softly to her piano, played some of the old airs to which we had often listened in that place.
the interest, however, of these dealers in promoting intemperance is a real evil, and justifies the state in imposing restrictions and requiring guarantees, which but for that justification would be infringements of legitimate liberty.
i was not a little proud of john silver, also; and to this day rather admire that smooth and formidable adventurer.
she had no grudge against officer smith.
the pleasure of conversing with you, monsieur defarge, recalls to me, pursued the spy, that i have the honour of cherishing some interesting associations with your name.
they speak always as though it were more normal for a desire to be conscious, and as though a positive cause had to be assigned for its being unconscious.
i gave him a halfpenny for himself, and i wish he hadnt taken it.
i only wondered for the passing moment, as i stopped at the door and looked back, under what altered circumstances i should next see those rooms, if ever.
i have been in the streets from the first, nothing has stopped me, i will tear you to pieces, but i will have you from that door, said madame defarge.
they are in danger of denunciation by madame defarge.
i believe it, answered her father, mournfully.
so it has, answered the latter, but you have not got half way to it yet.
a figure appeared in the distance before long, and i soon knew it to be emly, who was a little creature still in stature, though she was grown.
here he is, said i, and not in his legal attire!
he was very angry with traddles, and said he was glad he had caught it.
the rule, mechanically applied, works by repetition and precludes individuality in results, which would threaten the security of acquisitions and the security of transactions.
for the most part the farmer gives to his cattle and hogs the grain of his own producing, and buys flour, which is at least no more wholesome, at a greater cost, at the store.
it was a relief to get out of the room where the night had been so miserable, and i needed no second knocking at the door to startle me from my uneasy bed.
during your first perilous lessons in punting, you will probably be in apprehension of ducking your mentor, who is lounging among the cushions in the bow.
you are the quickest messenger i know, and will get to temple bar long before i can.
emigrants have no rights, evremonde, was the stolid reply.
courage is the elemental virtue, for life has been and will forever be a fight.
you are a very old friend of my nephews, mr. micawber, said my aunt.
wickfield, give me an old friends arm upstairs!
from her father she inherited her frank and hearty address, her love of popularity and of free intercourse with the people, her dauntless courage and her amazing self-confidence.
he took the light of the gods and he brought it to men, and he taught men to be gods.
yes, the lamentable deaths of my lord durrisdeer and his brother, the master of ballantrae (attainted in the troubles), said mr. thomson with something the tone of a man quoting.
the only ray of hope that mr. lorry could discover, was, that he sometimes furtively looked up without being asked.
and it seemed as if these eyes were begging us to gather that word and not to let it go from us and from the earth.
by courtesy of the publishers, the macmillan company, new york city.
i do not say that any such principle is known: i only say that it is required to justify the inferences from experience which empiricists allow, and that it cannot itself be justified empirically.
what was any tyranny of prison compared with the tyranny of the past, of the thing that had happened and could not be recalled, of the memory that could never be effaced!
i only knew that i was fervently in earnest, when i felt the rest and peace of having agnes near me.
presumably sausages were once chopped and stuffed by hand, and if so it would be interesting to know how many workers had been displaced by these inventions.
in the case of any person whose judgment is really deserving of confidence, how has it become so?
his cell was about five feet by seven in size, with a stone floor and a heavy wooden bench built into it.
steerforth was pretty sure to be there expecting me, and we went on together through the frosty air and gathering fog towards the twinkling lights of the town.
i think my memory has got as short as my breath, said mr. omer, looking at me and shaking his head; for i dont remember you.
no, returned steerforth, the advocates are civilians--men who have taken a doctors degree at college--which is the first reason of my knowing anything about it.
such inferences, which go beyond the observable facts, are to be avoided with the utmost care.
if the individuals in the money market oblige mr. micawber to sustain a great sacrifice, that is between themselves and their consciences.
of all the people upon earth, you least expected to see me?
do you imagine that i bestow a thought on it, or suppose you could do any harm to that low place, which money would not pay for, and handsomely?
[i wish you were, with all my heart--and in your native country!
i am established within a few miles of bury st. edmunds, sir, said mr. chillip.
the policeman crouched over him, clutching his stick, waiting for him to try to rise again; and meantime the barkeeper got up, and put his hand to his head.
but it is fair to own that s and r are used a little coarsely.
yet we should oftener look over the tafferel of our craft, like curious passengers, and not make the voyage like stupid sailors picking oakum.
without remarking that man-traps were not among the amenities of life, i said i supposed he was very skilful?
mr. harmon looked up inquiringly when he read this.
absolute clearness is of paramount importance.
i could bear, and i have borne, a great deal from mr. james; but he insulted me too far.
wishing you were going to france at this time of day!
write a theme using the differentia noted, and trying to catch in the theme the spirit that is shown in the lists.
for i believed one of two other persons to have become possessed of it, and to have turned it to this cruel account.
philosophers have too often, in the past, permitted themselves to pronounce on empirical questions, and found themselves, as a result, in disastrous conflict with well-attested facts.
only by coming into her presence from the borders of sleep can you meet her face to face in her intimate mood.
he had nothing to do and nothing to consider except his own business advancement and success.
most of our men are young recruits: they have been but two days on the sea.
it is not perfectly appreciated by merely one reading; but even if you have to become a poet to enjoy it fully, that will do yourself least harm.
jack maldon will never be very busy in getting either, i expect, said doctor strong, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.
life is one long process of getting tired.
he took out his black pipe and was going to fill it with negro-head, when, looking at the tangle of tobacco in his hand, he seemed to think it might perplex the thread of his narrative.
pip, pip, she said one evening, coming to such a check, when we sat apart at a darkening window of the house in richmond; will you never take warning?
it may, of course, be possible, but i cannot see how.
do what he would, and love me though he did, the light left his face ever and again, and a film came over the placid look at the white ceiling.
she washes her hair often with soap and water.
on the other hand, words and phrases rich in appropriate suggestion heighten immeasurably the effectiveness of an article.
when she was your pride, you would have thought i had done her harm if i had brushed against her in the street.
but, the theatres were all well filled, and the people poured cheerfully out as he passed, and went chatting home.
jurgis could not speak; he could only stare, his eyes starting out.
but, then, if this be made the distinguishing property of that sort of animals, i fear a great many of those that pass for men must be reckoned into their number.
its figures of investment and production are comparable to the debts of the great war.
metaphysicians have argued endlessly as to the interaction of mind and matter.
sister lavinia, said miss clarissa, having now relieved her mind, you can go on, my dear.
all the time that agnes sang and played, the mother sat at the piano.
i begin to have a very good opinion of your understanding.
i think if she had done such a deed she would be safer where she was.
the thrills of joy and thrills of pain are undistinguishable.
not that i think resignation the last word of wisdom.
mr. pumblechook added, after a short interval of reflection, look at pork alone.
the judge, haggard with experience, who presides over the most tragi-comic divorce court ever devised by man, writes love stories that would have made jane austen smile.
we can shut one eye, or put on blue spectacles, or look through a microscope.
barkiss death neednt put it off much, but his lingering might.
this brings us to the second view which we have to examine.
there had been snow, some hours before; and it lay, not deep, but hard-frozen on the ground.
----, early history of institutions (american ed.
my rule is to select, weigh, dress, draw, handle, wrap and box the chicken with the same scrupulous care that i would exercise if the customer were actually present and watching me.
an engineer who is asked by a city to investigate the conditions that confront the municipality as regards water supply will have such a problem to state.
whatever days are left to us, we shall spend them alone.
this view is really consonant to common sense.
like most babies the mosquito larva believes that his mission is to eat as much as he can and grow up very fast.
i loved her--and i love the memry of her--too deep--to be able to lead her to believe of my own self as im a happy man.
some thought it was part flying-squirrel or some other wild animal, which is not impossible, for, according to naturalists, prolific hybrids have been produced by the union of the marten and domestic cat.
repeated mr. jaggers, shutting his eyes and nodding his head at joe, as if he were forgiving him something.
hear me out,but if i were to remove joe into a higher sphere, as i shall hope to remove him when i fully come into my property, they would hardly do him justice.
said mr. pocket, returning with a countenance expressive of grief and despair.
i shall return to the question of appropriateness later; for the present it is accuracy that i wish to consider.
and bear in mind also that this monstrous disease affects not merely the idlers and their menials, its poison penetrates the whole social body.
the immense extension of our knowledge of facts in recent times has had, as it had in the renaissance, two effects upon the general intellectual outlook.
how far might you call yourselves from the marshes, hereabouts?
when we have once described the event, the words we have used easily become habitual.
not in regular government pay and employment, to lay traps?
and here it may be pertinently asked, why bad?
allow me to say that i fully defer to the reasonable character of that inquiry, and proceed to develop it; premising that it is not an object of a pecuniary nature.
weekly newspapers and periodicals reach fifty millions, and monthly publications mount almost to one hundred millions; and all this would be impossible without wood-pulp paper.
thus we have here a connection of two propositions, which does not depend upon whether they are to be asserted or denied, but only upon the second being inferable from the first.
well, said mr. dick, in answer, my compliments to her, and i--i believe i have made a start.
the only effectual cure for such inveteracies as these tails exhibit is to make glue of them, which i believe is what is usually done with them, and then they will stay put and stick.
i have merely to observe, that i am not aware that it is any business of theirs, and that i repel that exhibition of feeling with scorn, and with defiance!
perhaps you would imagine that he did not do much work there, but that would be a great mistake.
to-night in chicago there are ten thousand men, homeless and wretched, willing to work and begging for a chance, yet starving, and fronting in terror the awful winter cold!
they carried him to a dry place and laid him on the floor, and that night two of the men helped him home.
at the same time, it is a hypothesis which systematises a vast body of facts and never leads to any consequences which there is reason to think false.
he might have planned a program of paternalistic propaganda in behalf of the farmers of the county.
slight tinge of damask revisiting cheek.
he seemed so brave and innocent, that although i had not proposed the contest, i felt but a gloomy satisfaction in my victory.
they are utterly dissimilar in all respects.
i never saw a man so thoroughly enjoy himself amid the fragrance of lemon-peel and sugar, the odour of burning rum, and the steam of boiling water, as mr. micawber did that afternoon.
this is a great tract of a hundred thousand acres, which from time immemorial has been a hunting preserve of the nobility.
i began another, shakespeare has observed, my dear agnes, how strange it is that a man should put an enemy into his mouth--that reminded me of markham, and it got no farther.
we are not, above all, to look for faults, but merits.
yet, what i suffered outside was nothing to what i underwent within.
little did he think, when i took leave of him at night, that he had just given his full consent to my being engaged to dora, and that i was invoking blessings on his head!
he was lounging with his back against the wall, and his hands in his pockets, and looked at mr. mell with his mouth shut up as if he were whistling, when mr. mell looked at him.
how far back should we be were it not for these fortuitous circumstances?
how much of my ungracious condition of mind may have been my own fault, how much miss havishams, how much my sisters, is now of no moment to me or to any one.
my circumstances being so very pressing, however, i said i would take ninepence for it, if he pleased.
not infrequently it is desirable to begin collecting material a year before the intended time of publication.
in the same way with the mechanical eye entire words can be recognized after a little practice.
i spend a good deal of my own spare time in walking up and down to meet her.
and then counted up to twelve, and said, 'hush!'
the golden one are not like the others.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
the first time i had an accident, and the last time i was sent up for a month.
the interval between that time and supper wemmick devoted to showing me his collection of curiosities.
practical experience in the field of his specialty is of advantage in familiarizing a writer with the actual conditions about which he is preparing himself to write.
besides mechanical movements, there are interrupted movements, as when a bird, on its way to eat your best peas, is frightened away by the boy whom you are employing for that purpose.
but the truth is, he does not, or did not when he first embraced it, regard his profession from this purely mercenary side.
not a bit of celery is wasted around here.
said estella, preserving her attitude of indifference as she leaned against the great chimney-piece and only moving her eyes; do you reproach me for being cold?
except that steerforth was more to be admired than ever, i remember nothing.
temple bar was hundreds of miles away, and madame defarge was drawing very near indeed.
it restrains the use of land in the interest of the general security.
neither did he wear anything more on his head than his own crisply-curling short dark hair.
well, we came to the old boat again in good time at night; and there mr. and mrs. barkis bade us good-bye, and drove away snugly to their own home.
i have heard an impatient innovator scoff at the english law on the subject of mustard, and demand why, in the nature of things, mustard should not be eaten with mutton.
and the little girl i saw on that first day at mr. wickfields, where is she?
they've got us down--are we going to let them keep us down?
i inquired about my aunt among the boatmen first, and received various answers.
jokubas had never tried it, but he expressed a certainty that he could get some of his friends a job through this man.
all our perceptions, according to him, consist in a partial participation in god's perceptions, and it is because of this participation that different people see more or less the same tree.
i have heard of many going astray even in the village streets, when the darkness was so thick that you could cut it with a knife, as the saying is.
if it were two quarts or more, it was a party, and if it was ice cream in molds, we knew a big formal function was on foot.
returned flopson, very red in the face; what have you got there?
in short, in detroit, only every fourth person you meet was born in this country of american parents.
i came here by the canterbury coach, today.
when we say that there are relations of more than two terms, we mean that there are single facts consisting of a single relation and more than two things.
let us forget their good and our evil, let us forget all things save that we are together and that there is joy as a bond between us.
after looking at mrs. gummidge for some moments, in sore distress of mind, he glanced at the dutch clock, rose, snuffed the candle, and put it in the window.
i dont think itll hurt me, if i throw my head back, and take it off quick.
louder yet, vengeance, with a little oath or so added, and yet it will hardly bring her.
when at last these ceased, he expected that he would be turned out into the street; as this did not happen, he fell to wondering whether the man had forgotten him.
i know them to have been as honestly under my delusion as i myself.
and both these joys belong to us alone, they come from us alone, they bear no relation to all our brothers, and they do not concern our brothers in any way.
the temperance movement (sentimental crusade; sensible campaign for efficiency).
the squirrels also grew at last to be quite familiar, and occasionally stepped upon my shoe, when that was the nearest way.
the greatest charm of the informal essay is its personal nature.
it is perfectly true that, at the same moment, we may discover by touch that there is only one tactile table.
as i was telling you last night when lucie came in so unexpectedly, i have at length done all that i can do here.
she knows enough of the piano to teach it to her little sisters, said traddles.
though i dont know that its much of a peculiarity, either; for he has been ill-used enough, by some that bear it, to have a mortal antipathy for it, heaven knows.
the whole tree itself is but one leaf, and rivers are still vaster leaves whose pulp is intervening earth, and towns and cities are the ova of insects in their axils.
all about are ancient warehouses, redolent of the thames, with steep roofs and sometimes stairs outside, and with tall shutters, a crescent-shaped hole in each.
blazing electric signs herald the thrills of movie shows.
the south rounds its periods like its vowels; o. henry has read, not widely, but wisely, in his boyhood.
they were answered as i have been answeredand for the same reasons.
when he had talked with me a little, he said to mrs. pocket, with a rather anxious contraction of his eyebrows, which were black and handsome, belinda, i hope you have welcomed mr. pip?
if youre a man, control your limbs, sir!
and there are haughty bonded warehouses filled with fine liquors.
morning is when i am awake and there is a dawn in me.
aye, aye, he answered, you told me all that.
you must keep at the poor fellow; you must hold your temper, and argue with him, and watch for your chance to stick an idea or two into his head.
i found the blue boar in possession of the intelligence, and i found that it made a great change in the boars demeanour.
how would it affect them, who were so innocent of london life, and london streets, to discover how knowing i was (and was ashamed to be) in some of the meanest phases of both?
this new life of the doctor's was an anxious life, no doubt; still, the sagacious mr. lorry saw that there was a new sustaining pride in it.
if we apply our definition to this case, it seems to demand images of images.
a workman boarded it as it passed him, and sat on the edge with his legs swinging, and its level was unaltered.
it would be no pleasure to a london tradesman to sell anything which was what he pretended it was.
thus physics is able to reduce the laws of most changes with which it deals to changes in physical objects, and to state most of its fundamental laws in terms of matter.
there are other letters for the child to learn than those which cadmus invented.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
here we stopped, breathless with our ascent, and she placed her hand lightly on my lips.
i did so, and did so every morning of my imprisonment, which lasted five days.
there are in fact many ways, besides logical inference, by which we pass from one belief to another: the passage from the print to its meaning illustrates these ways.
my dear, you absolutely are, on some subjects, one of the most ridiculous persons in the world, returned her mother, and perhaps the most unnatural to the claims of your own family.
they merely put down colorless facts which do not stir a reader in the slightest.
its such a loving art, said mr. peggotty, smoothing her rich hair with his great hard hand, that it cant abear the sorrer of this.
next day the knitting and watching began again, and lasted all day.
without high gifts of reason and self-control: that is, without strong common-sense, no man yet dares trust himself out of the school of authority.
every correspondent at times must keep going until his strength is utterly spent.
he was a strongly made man with dark curling hair, from forty-five to fifty years of age.
i found uriah in possession of a new, plaster-smelling office, built out in the garden; looking extraordinarily mean, in the midst of a quantity of books and papers.
everything which comes from one is evil.
mr. chillip had left blunderstone six or seven years ago, and i had never seen him since.
when the dawn came he was peering out with hungry eyes, getting glimpses of meadows and woods and rivers.
sydney carton, who, with mr. lorry, had been lost in amazement at this turn of the business, here requested mr. cruncher to moderate and explain himself.
a decent fate made it quick the other night, and clean and close at hand, in fact, on the same street corner where once a car had left the small scapegrace for us.
but i think the bulk of expert opinion, in practice, is on the other side.
wouldn't she--that is--ah--er--wouldn't her organization confer with mr. e.j.
some are petitioning the state to dissolve the union, to disregard the requisitions of the president.
now and then the man would look up, and address a word or two to those who were near him; and, at last, on one of these occasions, his glance rested on jurgis.
we pick our way among the booths and stalls until we find the flowers.
mr. t. can form no adequate idea of the change in mr. micawbers conduct, of his wildness, of his violence.
to say that it is jones who is walking is merely to say that the walking in question is part of the whole series of occurrences which is jones.
there are few traces of mans hand to be seen.
the mattresses would be spread upon the floor in rows--and there would be nothing else in the place except a stove.
every person who aspires to write for publication should learn to use a typewriter.
it is well to have some water in your neighborhood, to give buoyancy to and float the earth.
my needle is slow to settlevaries a few degrees, and does not always point due southwest, it is true, and it has good authority for this variation, but it always settles between west and south-southwest.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread public domain works in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
he turned into the temple, and, having revived himself by twice pacing the pavements of king's bench-walk and paper-buildings, turned into the stryver chambers.
yet if collections of things were things, his contention would be irrefragable.
she was a store clerk, and she hired herself to a man to be sent here to work in a factory.
scientific revolutions really turn the world over, and it never settles back into its former position.
there were those who made the tins for the canned meat; and their hands, too, were a maze of cuts, and each cut represented a chance for blood poisoning.
you find thus in the very sands an anticipation of the vegetable leaf.
we all looked for it; i myself looked everywhere, i am certain--but nobody could find it.
i take a last drowning look at the page as i give it into her hand, and start off aloud at a racing pace while i have got it fresh.
he who gives himself entirely to his fellow-men appears to them useless and selfish; but he who gives himself partially to them is pronounced a benefactor and philanthropist.
these definitions would have all the precision that could be desired if the distinction between physical and psychological causation were clear and sharp.
such generalizations always remain mere facts: we feel that there might be a world in which they were false, though in the actual world they happen to be true.
in the silicious matter which the water deposits is perhaps the bony system, and in the still finer soil and organic matter the fleshy fibre or cellular tissue.
she came out from behind it, with her work in her hand, and joined him in surveying me.
the mechanistic philosophy is to be taken or left: it must be left if the least grain of dust, by straying from the path foreseen by mechanics, should show the slightest trace of spontaneity.
from that time on the steamer developed with great rapidity, the value of which was never more demonstrated than at the present time.
we turned to the golden one and we asked: are you afraid?
her hands were clasped upon my shoulder, and her chin rested on them, and her blue eyes looked quietly into mine.
it is when this relation exists that two occurrences become associated.
this shows the relation of image-beliefs to word-beliefs in a very simple case.
my mind, with inconceivable rapidity followed out all the consequences of such a death.
thats the difference between the property and the owner, dont you see?
i felt so deeply what i said, it affected me so sincerely, that my voice failed, and i covered my face with my hand, and broke into tears.
i never could have thowt the old boat would have been so strange!
barsad proposed to the rest, let her embrace him then; it is but a moment.
i observed, as joe waited for me to speak.
there are no richer parterres to my eyes than the dense beds of dwarf andromeda (cassandra calyculata) which cover these tender places on the earths surface.
he was fast asleep; lying, easily, with his head upon his arm, as i had often seen him lie at school.
neither could they do anything without sophy.
it was not less tragic because it was so sordid, because it had to do with wages and grocery bills and rents.
it is, that we may sometimes know a general proposition in cases where we do not know a single instance of it.
psychologists, on the other hand, find great difficulty in the conception.
he demanded; and the child looked at him in perplexity.
then, among the advancing echoes, there was the tread of her tiny feet and the sound of her prattling words.
mealy potatoes uprose once, and rebelled against my being so distinguished; but mick walker settled him in no time.
but it is the privilege and proper condition of a human being, arrived at the maturity of his faculties, to use and interpret experience in his own way.
my aunt embracing the proposal, we were all three going out together, when he stopped and said: our little friend here might have some motive, perhaps, for objecting to the arrangements.
therefore, he resolved to keep two before his mind, as the hour, and so to strengthen himself in the interval that he might be able, after that time, to strengthen others.
as a necessary sequence, i asked him if he would favor us with his company, and he promptly accepted the invitation.
according to our reckoning, he proceeded, masr davys here, and mine, she is like, one day, to make her own poor solitary course to london.
the roman jurists called this natural possession.
the present communication is penned within the personal range (i cannot call it the society) of an individual, in a state closely bordering on intoxication, employed by a broker.
should every such promise be enforced or should none be enforced without something in the way of exchange, or should such promises be classified for the purpose of enforcement, and if so, how?
i seemed to pay the deepest attention to him, but i was wandering in a garden of eden all the while, with dora.
their truth is evident to us, and we employ them in constructing demonstrations; but they themselves, or at least some of them, are incapable of demonstration.
i think it would hardly serve her to establish her parentage for the information of her husband, and to drag her back to disgrace, after an escape of twenty years, pretty secure to last for life.
the loadstone rock was drawing him, and he must sail on, until he struck.
my husband, fellow-citizen, is a good republican and a bold man; he has deserved well of the republic, and possesses its confidence.
we judge, for example, that happiness is more desirable than misery, knowledge than ignorance, goodwill than hatred, and so on.
the argument from the connection of brain-lesions with loss of memory is not so strong as it looks, though it has also, some weight.
i cant say more--if i doent feel as if the littlest things was her, amost.
also there is a bad side to the very convenience of law.
it replaced chinatown in its appeal to visitors from out-of-town.
the ancient philosophers, chinese, hindoo, persian, and greek, were a class than which none has been poorer in outward riches, none so rich in inward.
made it all out of hogs, too, damn ole scoundrel.
if the newspapers announce the death of the king, we are fairly well justified in believing that the king is dead, since this is the sort of announcement which would not be made if it were false.
said i. youre a game one, he returned, shaking his head at me with a deliberate affection, at once most unintelligible and most exasperating; im glad youve growd up, a game one!
the same is true, as far as my observation goes, of white pond.
in an habitual memory, the event remembered was clearly an essential part of the stimulus to the formation of the habit.
i came here to take leave of it before its change.
i should certainly not have gone, but for the reference to my uncle provis.
wopsle, too, took pains to present me in the worst light.
their power was but the nation's own power, concentrated, and in a form convenient for exercise.
even in practical articles, figurative diction may not be amiss.
god bless her, she is as easily scared as a bird, said i.
finding that classical music is interesting.
what is the pill which will keep us well, serene, contented?
the preparation when the mail got successfully to dover, in the course of the forenoon, the head drawer at the royal george hotel opened the coach-door as his custom was.
but if so, how are empirical generalisations to be justified?
cried miss pross, to give me such a greeting, and show me no affection.
this sentiment gave unbounded satisfaction--greater satisfaction, i think, than anything that had passed yet.
i believe it was the old identical steel-clasped reticule of my childhood, that shut up like a bite.
i have not heard so much as a locust over the sweet-fern these three hours.
it is like skimming past a cornfield with the platoons of green spears constantly shifting their number, their direction, and their general appearance.
he brought his own knife, though i had two, and we used to scour them by thrusting them into the earth.
such skillful manipulation deserved the success that the messages met.
we put in a couple of small rugs, a brass bed, and a white bureau.
it shall be my name, said the golden one.
our nieces position, or supposed position, is much changed by our brother franciss death, said miss lavinia; and therefore we consider our brothers opinions as regarded her position as being changed too.
it is at the present moment in high flavour.
i suppose she was to be subdued and broken to their detestable mould, heaven help her!
his breathing became more difficult and painful as the night drew on, and often he could not repress a groan.
boston has a rather old-fashioned habit of speaking the english language.
i did think, once, of mr. dicks going with you; but, on second thoughts, i shall keep him to take care of me.
you were not equally matched, child--if any two people can be equally matched--and so i asked the question.
i exclaimed, in a state of high ecstatic fervour, that not a moments consideration could be necessary.
i know youll excuse the precautions of affection, wont you?
your own, one day, my dear, and you will use it well.
his body coat was rough scottish worsted, the little black pate was cotton-soft like shoddy, and the big black ears were genuine spaniel silk.
he married--an english lady--and i was one of the trustees.
it got there in course of time; insisted on pouring into the burial-ground; finally, accomplished the interment of the deceased roger cly in its own way, and highly to its own satisfaction.
that, this patriot would be produced before them.
in a foreign language, these inferences are more difficult, and we are more dependent upon actual sensation.
the officers looked towards the soldiers who looked at the fire; gave no orders; and answered, with shrugs and biting of lips, it must burn.
said mr. chillip, looking at me like an admiring robin.
with that he flourished off the contents of his little tin pot, as if he had made the voyage, and had passed a first-class examination before the highest naval authorities.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
but their face was taut, and their eyes were dark.
and walked with a settled step, down-stairs.
and this, said he, dandling my hands up and down in his, as he puffed at his pipe,and this is the gentleman what i made!
in fact, truth and falsehood are properties of beliefs and statements: hence a world of mere matter, since it would contain no beliefs or statements, would also contain no truth or falsehood.
hour after hour passed, until he could only persuade himself that it was not morning by the sounds of music and laughter and singing that were to be heard from the room.
then, she immediately ran out of the house to wash her face, in order that she might sit quietly beside him, and be found at work there, when he should awake.
but this doctor has suffered much; you have seen him to-day; you have observed his face when the paper was read.
this of course makes the valve take up its own wear and form its own bearing surface, thus reducing leakage.
they stood before it and they looked and looked upon their own body.
even the gold of which it was made was an alloy of a different type from anything on record.
ye-yes, doady, said dora, and so i bought a beautiful little barrel of them, and the man said they were very good.
birds mate, build a nest, lay eggs in it, sit on the eggs, feed the young birds, and care for them until they are fully grown.
he will not be interrupted by the base universe in the business--his life-business--of finding out what his own life is to mean for himself.
what applies to artistic creation applies equally to all that is most vital in our lives: direct impulse is what moves us, and the desires which we think we have are a mere garment for the impulse.
the journalist might well exchange the muckrake for the pick and dig it out.
for gods sake fire!and thousands shared the fate of davis and hosmer.
and it can hardly be doubted that, in many cases of complicated behaviour very well adapted to its ends, there can be no prevision of those ends.
whether or no, i won't be prayed agin, i tell you.
if a cinder enter my eye, its lids close forcibly and a copious flow of tears tends to wash it out.
with morning came peggotty; who called to me, as usual, under my window as if mr. barkis the carrier had been from first to last a dream too.
dont you think, said traddles, you could copy writings, sir, if i got them for you?
his dead self would stir in him, and he would find himself laughing and cracking jokes with his companions--he would be a man again, and master of his life.
that, if it were in the nature of traitorous ways to thrive (which happily it never was), the real wickedness and guilt of his business might have remained undiscovered.
in may the agreement between the packers and the unions expired, and a new agreement had to be signed.
it was four o'clock in the morning, and as black as night.
he had got somebody to scrawl it up for him, however, who had squeezed death in with most inappropriate difficulty.
the creation of a conscientious political attitude in a democracy.
there was no pain in their eyes and no knowledge of the agony of their body.
we have walked the length of our tunnel, with a candle lighting the way.
without considering, perhaps, whether there were any consequences to be taken, i felt quite in a glow at this gallant speech.
but her heart is young, and she finds in her work of mothering the twenty-five boys and girls in her charge the secret of defying age.
for the first time the doctor felt, now, that his suffering was strength and power.
textbooks often wisely make use of this device.
jokubas had asked her if she wished to sign; he had asked her twice--and what could she say?
he takes delight in large fat words, but is utterly indifferent to such things as clothes and women--except the dowdy one he married when too young to know better....
i think i have made a start, said mr. dick, passing his hand among his grey hair, and casting anything but a confident look at his manuscript.
take care what youre about, in this new half.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
given any fact, there is an assertion which expresses the fact.
there are certain fairly stable collections of appearances, such as landscapes, the furniture of rooms, the faces of acquaintances.
i saw the flashing black eyes, and the passion-wasted figure; and i saw the scar, with its white track cutting through her lips, quivering and throbbing as she spoke.
he did not turn me upside down this time to get at what i had, but left me right side upwards while i opened the bundle and emptied my pockets.
i deny that a man in so far as he imagines [percipit] affirms nothing.
then i did the same for herbert (who modestly said he had not my administrative genius), and felt that i had brought his affairs into a focus for him.
if you have the heart to think so, returned biddy, say so.
for several days and nights after he was sentenced i took no rest except when i fell asleep in my chair, but was wholly absorbed in these appeals.
we dont know what you have done, but we wouldnt have you starved to death for it, poor miserable fellow-creatur.would us, pip?
from valse to nocturne, from sonata to prelude, her fancy ran.
mr. darnay, said carton, i wish we might be friends.
he had been in jail only three days for it, and had come out laughing, and had not even lost his place in the packing house.
in those two compressions, or dints, the only little change that the face ever showed, resided.
the little party was laid along with the other party.
not very strong, that hope, if you went soldiering!
he asked the question with some appearance of scorn.
they travelled in the night, halting an hour or two after daybreak, and lying by until the twilight fell.
her face was very pretty still, but it looked careworn, and too delicate; and her hand was so thin and white that it seemed to me to be almost transparent.
then, said my aunt, after a rest, theres dick.
the works of the great poets have never yet been read by mankind, for only great poets can read them.
i dont know how it is, said peggotty, unless its on account of being stupid, but my head never can pick and choose its people.
were preserved meats invented to preserve meat merely?
the darkness deepened and deepened, and they both lay quiet, until a light gleamed through the chinks in the wall.
we have already defined vital movements, and we have maintained that, from a behaviourist standpoint, it is impossible to distinguish which among such movements are reflex and which voluntary.
their choice of pleasures, and their mode of expending their income, after satisfying their legal and moral obligations to the state and to individuals, are their own concern, and must rest with their own judgment.
when first the opposition of fact and ideal grows fully visible, a spirit of fiery revolt, of fierce hatred of the gods, seems necessary to the assertion of freedom.
education is costly; and even if it were not, and i could afford it, i am of opinion that it would not be at all advantageous to you to be kept at school.
here there is no community of will and yet the law may well hold, as we do in america, in both cases, that there is a contract.
some newspapers and periodicals have a style book giving rules for the preparation and editing of copy.
when he had sat in his saddle some half-hour, taking note of these things, darnay found himself confronted by the same man in authority, who directed the guard to open the barrier.
in lining bees one must stop every little while and test his line; bees puzzle sometimes by their actions since they know the woods only from above.
nothing had hurt him, and nothing could hurt him; he had come through all the suffering and deprivation unscathed--only shriller-voiced and more determined in his grip upon life.
the rest followed in another carriage, and soon, in a neighbouring church, where no strange eyes looked on, charles darnay and lucie manette were happily married.
it was lucky that the big dogs in our neighborhood were patient.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
all right, said wemmick, they shall be taken care of.
we may assume that in the minds of the company around johnson he had no place.
after that jurgis did his best to please them, and to make up for the time he had lost before he discovered the extra bungholes of the campaign barrel.
in some places you might find even more.
the little fellow, who was holding her apron, gave such a lusty shout, that the sound of it made him bashful, and he buried his face in her skirts, to her great admiration.
but this course is impracticable on the present occasion, so we boldly and ruthlessly assault the tree with an axe we have procured.
the top of mine to the foot of yours,the foot of yours to the top of mine,ring once, ring twice,the best tune on the musical glasses!
the sunlight slanted powdered and mellow over the breadth of the valley; for day was nearing its end.
they don't take time to investigate.
i hope she will do well now, said mr. lorry.
analytically the next grade or stage is what the romanist calls juristic possession as distinguished from natural possession.
you couldn't be it anyhow, said scully, abruptly.
those men who survived those eager to obey, eager to live for one another, since they had nothing else to vindicate themthose men could neither carry on, nor preserve what they had received.
this is the sort which is taught to soldiers in drilling, for example.
being at last touched on the shoulder, i started and turned.
the myriads who built the pyramids to be the tombs of the pharaohs were fed on garlic, and it may be were not decently buried themselves.
the completed article follows, with a brief analysis of the methods used in developing the outline.
is it obeying your husband to disobey him on the wital subject of his business?
his portraits show a man of vigorous physique, capable of passion, a face distinctly virile, rather harshly bearded, with broad masculine eyebrows.
no, returned the stranger, but once and away, and on a saturday night too.
time enough, then, to think about growing old.
at last i came within sight of the house, and saw that trabb and co. had put in a funereal execution and taken possession.
i saw him steal a glance at her, and slightly smile to himself.
the doctrine ascribes to all mankind a vested interest in each other's moral, intellectual, and even physical perfection, to be defined by each claimant according to his own standard.
this did not appear the worst, nor by any means a despicable alternative.
we are writing this on the paper we had hidden in our tunic together with the written pages we had brought for the world council of scholars, but never given to them.
people think genius a fine thing if it enables a man to write an exciting poem, or paint a picture.
would this explanation be as well done if the author began with hearing the machine at a distance, and then approached, described the appearance of the machine, and finally stated its principle?
hegel develops the metaphysical theory further by getting rid of the idea of occupation and treating property as a realization of the idea of liberty.
when the shadows of evening were closing in, i took an opportunity of getting into the garden with biddy for a little talk.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
and the question whether we can know most about the psychology of human beings or about that of animals turns upon yet another, namely: is introspection or external observation the surer method in psychology?
deeming sunday the best day for taking mr. wemmicks walworth sentiments, i devoted the next ensuing sunday afternoon to a pilgrimage to the castle.
for the first time do we care about our body.
i read that just now, mr. wopsle pleaded.
there was no jeering, no mirth on the part of the men at the novelty of this campaign--nothing to make any woman self-conscious.
if by any chance the reader is not acquainted with it, it will be to his soul's advantage to go to a public library and look it up.
or, having once a clue to hope, was there something opening to me that i had not dared to think of?
so you have been at yarmouth, steerforth!
why, since it had been built, no less than four families that their informant could name had tried to buy it and failed.
and yet my house was more respected than if it had been surrounded by a file of soldiers.
so we shut up the box when it is full of bees and carry it about three hundred yards along the wall from which we are operating.
manufacturers tumbled over themselves to get the benefit of the new process.
the answer given by mill is that the inference depends upon the law of causation.
i could not help laughing; but it was much more in the pleasure of seeing them, than at the appearance they made.
a murder had been committed over a caf in lupin street; a popular murder, fruity, cleverly done, and with a sex interest.
men never see their own faces and never ask their brothers about it, for it is evil to have concern for their own faces or bodies.
before we are really interested in these people we must see the personal traits that give charm.
mr. jack maldon couldnt bear the climate, my dear.
we shall, perhaps, look down thus on the surface of air at length, and mark where a still subtler spirit sweeps over it.
we might have--in fact we do have--engineering criticism, carpenter criticism, needlework criticism, poultry criticism, and as many kinds as there are classes of subjects.
in the report of a tariff commission it is essential; all the ground must be covered.
he left here, said traddles, with his mother, who had been clamouring, and beseeching, and disclosing, the whole time.
there would not be time to get returns on a costly machine showing economies over a five-year period; but if you intended to run your factory on a five-year basis, then that machine might be highly profitable.
but where everything is done through the bureaucracy, nothing to which the bureaucracy is really adverse can be done at all.
now, all the time i had been on my visit, i had been ungrateful to my home again, and had thought little or nothing about it.
i looked again, and though she was still looking at me, the suggestion was gone.
in this cosey state of mind we came to the verdict wilful murder.
and now i think of it, it is our home and solace that we want in a bed-book.
he brought me some chops, and vegetables, and took the covers off in such a bouncing manner that i was afraid i must have given him some offence.
well, sir, returned one of them, bending down and touching me on the shoulder, this is a matter that youll soon arrange, i dare say, but youre arrested.
it is his duty to be properly receptive, but his main striving ought to be that virtue should go out of him to touch and quicken the masses of his citizens.
modern views on the causation of emotions begin with what is called the james-lange theory.
yes, said i. estella waved a blue flag, and i waved a red one, and miss havisham waved one sprinkled all over with little gold stars, out at the coach-window.
that it paid to spend six cents a word to tell him so is proved by the fact that this particular advertisement brought me, in four days, twenty-three orders, each accompanied by a check.
i heerd, returned joe, as it were not miss havisham, old chap.
he was in our town on an assignment, and he was idling away spare time in our office.
he is, as it were suddenly, grown very old.
but the shadow of the manner of these defarges was dark upon himself, for all that, and in his secret mind it troubled him greatly.
there were two other men, whom young fisher had introduced to jurgis as mr. lucas and mr. schliemann; he heard them address adams as comrade, and so he knew that they were socialists.
were there no natural advantages,no water privileges, forsooth?
cheap as the houses were, they were sold with the idea that the people who bought them would not be able to pay for them.
that, as they were not so decreed, he probably would not have one.
the littler girl, half dozing along the accustomed way, slipped and slid into puddles.
there was no place for the men to wash their hands before they ate their dinner, and so they made a practice of washing them in the water that was to be ladled into the sausage.
the young lady might think herself well off, she observed, to have such a beau.
these are collected together by the same motives which led us to regard the wall-paper as one thing, namely a combination of sensible continuity and causal connection.
to an absorbing passion, a whole-souled devotion, must be joined an enduring energy, if the student is to become a devotee of the gray-eyed goddess to whose law his services are bound.
in a few minutes he came to a stream, and he climbed a fence and walked down the bank, along a woodland path.
he asked, as the result of that conference.
w. l. holtz, the latin teacher, was another.
once there, there will be time enough to peer about and reconnoitre and see what we shall see.
in the large towns and cities, where civilization especially prevails, the number of those who own a shelter is a very small fraction of the whole.
so long as anything is left out, something may be left out which alters the expected result.
it has inspired me with great commiseration, and i hope i understand it and its influences.
the young engineer threw over his lever, and we ran down the line.
we know these things, but we do not care.
elsewhere he is refreshed to see attractive faces, to remark possible friends; there he scouts the long streets, with a pang at heart, for the faces and friends that are no more.
we must also remember that the less high orders of criticism are neither useless nor undesirable but often most helpful.
guv'ner gone abroad--bubby on's honeymoon--polly havin' twins--every damn soul gone away!
but this is a large question, to which we must return at a later stage.
your preparations have been completed for some days, to return to england.
biddy says, i know he will be very glad to have it by word of mouth, it is holiday time, you want to see him, go!
sergeant reilly's hard old face was wrapped round with his muffler.
how could she be otherwise than useful and happy!
interest is not something laid on, but is a development from the nature of the facts themselves.
but this knowledge is derived from early experience of the correlation of certain kinds of touch-sensations with certain kinds of sight-sensations.
it was over ten years before he found the answer to the problem--ten years of making experimental machines and scrapping them, of filing useless patents, of doubt and persistence.
whatever he put on, became him less (it dismally seemed to me) than what he had worn before.
though thats not saying much; for theres no head in my right hand, and no heart.
you look very much worried, and it would do you good to have a perfectly quiet day with the aged,hell be up presently,and a little bit ofyou remember the pig?
you are not very intimate with miss murdstone, are you?
i started up in bed, and putting out my arms in the dark, said: is that you, peggotty?
a silence fell once more in the room as he entered.
this pond never breaks up so soon as the others in this neighborhood, on account both of its greater depth and its having no stream passing through it to melt or wear away the ice.
i assure you theres an objection, mr. copperfield.
creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a united states copyright in these works, so the foundation (and you!)
she looked at me, and looked at sarah, and sarahs countenance wrung out of her watchful face a cruel smile.
we bade adieu to mrs. steerforth and miss dartle, with many thanks on my part, and much kindness on the devoted mothers.
i expressed the readiness i felt, and we went into the castle.
the price is the labor it has cost to make and deliver it, and it is determined by the first principles of arithmetic.
constantly keeping in mind, in planning and composing an article, what the objective is, makes even the individual paragraphs and sentences more successful.
if the tax-gatherer, or any other public officer, asks me, as one has done, but what shall i do?
and she found, as other statistics bear witness, that the fate of the children who found jobs was scarcely better than that of their idle brothers and sisters.
this was his looning,perhaps the wildest sound that is ever heard here, making the woods ring far and wide.
we was in the same prison-ship, but i couldnt get at him for long, though i tried.
through the rainbow kicked up by her forefoot there glimmered and beckoned a mirage of wealthy cities sunk fathoms deep and tenanted only by strange sea creatures.
jurgis bore it until he could bear it no longer, and then he sprang at her, seizing her by the shoulders and shaking her, shouting into her ear: stop it, i say!
as the chains were wound over their body at the stake, and a flame set to the pyre, the transgressor looked upon the city.
i saw blood on his face, from where i stood; but he took no thought of that.
for this express reason, i had borrowed the half-guinea, that i might not be without a fund for my travelling-expenses.
the actions constituting the cycle must not be purely mechanical, i.e.
your mind is cradled in an exquisite poppy-suspension of judgment and of thought.
they preferred endeavouring to alter the feelings of mankind on the particular points on which they were themselves heretical, rather than make common cause in defence of freedom, with heretics generally.
they both raised their eyes as i went in, and both saw an alteration in me.
in this way we become aware of images without the need of any new store of mental contents, merely by the help of new associations.
i was addressing myself as copperfield, and saying, why did you try to smoke?
there is no pet quite so fascinating as a baby; he would look into jurgis' face with such uncanny seriousness, and jurgis would start and cry: palauk!
the house approached mr. lorry, and laying a soiled and unopened letter before him, asked if he had yet discovered any traces of the person to whom it was addressed?
said miss murdstone, in her warning voice.
the last of the three now said his say, as he put down his empty drinking vessel and smacked his lips.
as if it was not a favour to be protected from the lamp-iron!
silence--absolute silence in the next day's papers, and the next.
a textbook for use in college freshman courses.
then she wiped her greasy hands again and proceeded to get ready, complaining all the time; she was so fat that it was painful for her to move, and she grunted and gasped at every step.
struck with consternation, the old gentleman exclaimed, what do you tell me!
a joker of an extremely, not to say wolfishly practical character, he looked, under those circumstances.
poe influenced rossetti; whitman influenced henley.
madame defarge, with her arms folded, sat in the morning light and heat, contemplating the wine-shop and the street.
i saw that miss havisham glanced from me to her, and from her to me.
but two points may be urged to minimize its force.
it was fit that i should live on rice, mainly, who loved so well the philosophy of india.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
yet the equivalent theory and the injurious-reliance theory are even less adequate to explain the actual law.
except one man, who got up and went out.
she stood quite still, before the doctor, and spoke with an earnestness that thrilled me.
next thing to it, returned wemmick, i am going to newgate.
he looked over the produce, advised the farmers how to pack and display it, and used every energy in the direction of popularizing the market among producers and consumers alike.
practical articles on the care and the education of children also have especial value for women readers.
i want to know what such a thing is like.
their eyes were dark and hard and glowing, with no fear in them, no kindness and no guilt.
they do not speak often, for they are weary.
yet for every american that should be added, i would agree to add four to the british list.
in some directions, doubt will be found possible; in others, it will be checked by that direct vision of abstract truth upon which the possibility of philosophical knowledge depends.
waive that, a moment, said mr. jaggers, and ask another.
within that minute it is possible to print, cut, fold and stack in neat piles one thousand big newspapers!
he smiled at jurgis confidingly, and then started talking again, with his blissful insouciance.
curious little public-housesand smithiesand that.
being far too ill to remain in the common prison, he was removed, after the first day or so, into the infirmary.
every nail driven should be as another rivet in the machine of the universe, you carrying on the work.
desire, like knowledge, is, of course, in one sense an observable phenomenon.
he always remembered with fear and trembling, that that terrible woman had knitted when he talked with her, and had looked ominously at him as her fingers moved.
ill engage theres no tar in that: so, the sergeant thanked him and said that as he preferred his drink without tar, he would take wine, if it was equally convenient.
when it was not too wet or inclement for her child to be with her, they went together; at other times she was alone; but, she never missed a single day.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
can you not see that the task is your task--yours to dream, yours to resolve, yours to execute?
he leaned forward staring at me, slowly unclenched his hand and drew it across his mouth as if his mouth watered for me, and sat down again.
and so, by degrees, became conversational and able to walk away.
in the one case your belief is true, in the other false; in either case its truth or falsehood depends upon the actions of columbus, not upon anything present or under your control.
i do not know whether this should be regarded as inadmissible.
the veselija is a compact, a compact not expressed, but therefore only the more binding upon all.
the deeper he sank into this silence, the fainter hope there was--or so darnay thought--of his softening in any slight degree.
next comes judicial discretion as to sentence, or in some jurisdictions, assessment of punishment by the discretion of the trial jury.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
i do not value chiefly a mans uprightness and benevolence, which are, as it were, his stem and leaves.
blackstone, commentaries on the laws of england, introduction, sect.
in any event, laying aside the verification for the moment, the deduction as made by spencer involves the same difficulties as those involved in the metaphysical deduction.
you have cast from you with the warm blanket the drowsiness of dreams.
we pushed off again, and made what way we could.
i'll stand by you--i'll help you till you can get some work.
thus, had he come through the hours, to the day when the fifty-two heads were to fall.
if you was to go without seeing my little elephant, youd lose the best of sights.
miss havisham, with her head in her hands, sat making a low moaning, and swaying herself on her chair, but gave no answer.
i think i have heard the business mentioned, sir, i said, remembering what i vaguely knew of his and his sisters resources.
a young man really well deserves constant support and patronage, looking at the doctor, who makes such sacrifices.
mr. steerforth will be glad to hear how you have rested, sir.
we really have not heads enough; it would be a pity, i think.
in the case of the swans, a man might know that colour is a very variable characteristic in many species of animals, and that, therefore, an induction as to colour is peculiarly liable to error.
i dream of it sometimes, though at lengthened and uncertain intervals, to this hour.
if danger threatens you, we shall face it also.
we found strange boxes with bars of metal inside, with many cords and strands and coils of metal.
one begins to feel the homely charm of the place the moment instructions are given as to how to reach it.
i am sure theyre very kind to me, said dora, and i am very happy-- well!
indeed in hindu law partition is thought of as partition of the household primarily and as partition of property only incidentally.
throbbing feet that had carried the body's weight ten hot, fatiguing hours hurried up and down the blocks, climbed flight after flight of stairs, and stood at door after door.
he would not have ona working--he was not that sort of a man, he said, and she was not that sort of a woman.
so jurgis went out into another place, and paid another nickel.
at first we thought it would be a good plan to have every member of the association subscribe to the amount proportioned by the number of cows he keeps or the amount of milk he has for sale.
it was easier for mr. lorry to look in at tellson's, than to look out of tellson's.
aspiring writers should take advantage of these prize contests as a possible means of getting both publication and money for their work.
for the certainty attained by mechanical application of fixed rules to human conduct has always been illusory.
we think that jones walks, and that there could not be any walking unless there were somebody like jones to perform the walking.
i--i haven't much money, jurgis began in an agony of dread.
these nuts, as far as they went, were a good substitute for bread.
sometimes the white intricacies of dropping foam become opaque and creamy.
it is not indifferent to us which way we walk.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
botany cannot go farther than tell me the names of the shrubs which grow therethe high-blueberry, panicled andromeda, lamb-kill, azalea, and rhodoraall standing in the quaking sphagnum.
and then tamoszius' face would light up and he would get out his fiddle, tuck it under his chin, and play.
you are very young to know so great a loss, she returned.
her eyelids were closed, and she lay still as death.
he had fallen in with some other children and found the way to mike scully's dump, which lay three or four blocks away.
he felt sure they would come to a pleasant and mutually helpful understanding.
i have looked at her, speculating thousands of times upon the unborn child from whom i had been rent.
not so like (the witness said) as that he could be mistaken.
some of the foremen were union members, and many who were not had gone out with the men.
an involuntary shudder passed over both of us.
there are boisterous couples, who tear wildly about the room, knocking every one out of their way.
the results have defied analysis although the best that juristic ingenuity could do has been expended upon them for centuries.
i read in my catalogues of marvellous alpine plants, and i dreamed of irises by my brook.
mrs. micawber put on her brown gloves, and assumed a genteel languor.
the greatest harm done is to those who are not heretics, and whose whole mental development is cramped, and their reason cowed, by the fear of heresy.
a man who shrank from society, and yet was so fitted to adorn and instruct every company he approached, from a parochial assembly to a statesman's reception!
i said i could not deny that this was a strong point.
there aint no need to go into it, he said, looking round once more.
i shall not insist on the featherbed, but i shall close the shutters and turn on the lights and be as cowardly as i please.
and the wave-worn horns of the echoing bank, and the silvery marish-flowers that throng the desolate creeks and pools among-- till i saw them.
now it was all coarse and common, and i would not have had miss havisham and estella see it on any account.
it is the pious slave-breeder devoting the proceeds of every tenth slave to buy a sundays liberty for the rest.
i shall make myself so disagreeable--and so will jip!
since conversation is an excellent means of enlivening a narrative, dialogue is often used in the introduction to special articles, whether for relating an incident, giving a specific instance, or beginning a personal experience story.
mrs. tupper's chickens are hatched in incubators, hovered in a coal-heated brooder house, fed according to experiment-station directions, and reared in poultry houses built from experiment-station designs.
the ground-work of that stool, and peggottys complexion appeared to me to be one and the same thing.
if the republic should demand of you the sacrifice of your child herself, you would have no duty but to sacrifice her.
towards the last, i could understand some few syllables that she said to me, by placing my ear close to her lips.
yet perchance the first who came to this well have left some trace of their footsteps.
we might say, adhering to the standpoint of physics, that two aspects of different things belong to the same perspective when they are in the same place.
she was looking distractedly about for her family, even then; and her last words to me were, that she never would desert mr. micawber.
it is in such cases that i speak of a relation of three terms, where the simplest possible fact in which the relation occurs is one involving three things in addition to the relation.
the gray dawn came up and crept into the attic.
we are older than we were, i see, said my aunt.
it was fine in the morning, particularly in the fine mornings.
the neo-kantians say: try them in terms of a community of free-willing men as the social ideal.
mr. lorry, who had gone out when the young lady and her father went out, now reappeared, and beckoned to jerry: who, in the slackened interest, could easily get near him.
the writer's name and address, as well as the title of the article to be illustrated, should be written on the back of every photograph and drawing.
its only a temporary arrangement, you know.
mr. wemmick, said i, i want to ask your opinion.
he appeared to have settled into his original foundation, like a building; and i must confess that my faith in his ever moving, was not much greater than if he had been a building.
zeno appeals here, in the first place, to the fact that any distance, however small, can be halved.
it was what was always being dinned into you and me at school; its what goes down best.
thats a laudable proceeding on the part of our aunt, at all events, said steerforth, when i mentioned it; and one deserving of all encouragement.
jurgis began to pick up heart again and to make plans.
then suddenly her eyes opened one instant.
the word will be applicable to a number of particular things because they all participate in a common nature or essence.
the miserable vanity of these earth-worms!
she was up (and, as i believe to this hour, looking for that man) before anybody in the house was stirring.
i felt then, for the first time, that i had lost peggotty.
to ignore this question would be like describing a chronometer without regard to its accuracy as a time-keeper, or a thermometer without mentioning the fact that it measures temperature.
it was still dark as midnight, and the thick snowflakes were sifting down--everything was so silent that he could hear the rustle of them as they fell.
their tactful attempts to hide their awful affluence were quite appealing--occasionally rather comic.
stones rolled from under our feet, and we heard them striking the rocks below, farther and farther down, and the mountains rang with each stroke, and long after the strokes had died.
what a remarkable scar that is upon her lip!
i think of every little trifle between me and dora, and feel the truth, that trifles make the sum of life.
the real banking-house by temple bar, the real business of the past day, the real strong rooms, the real express sent after him, and the real message returned, would all be there.
i have not leisure to think of that, said i.
he was long on technical knowledge, but probably dumb when it came to salesmanship.
at the end of that time, however, he could contain himself no longer, and began trying to walk a little every day, laboring to persuade himself that he was better.
the type to which a character belongs is shown by the large sweep of his whole life; his individuality is revealed often most clearly in the slight incidents by the way.
as a finishing touch we screwed a knob on the outside of the door, put a brass hook on the inside and went downstairs to count the cost.
the same thing holds true, generally speaking, of all traditional doctrines--those of prudence and knowledge of life, as well as of morals or religion.
i refer to his picturesque absent-mindedness.
have you felt that your physician's advice to spend at least three-quarters of an hour at lunch was good advice for somebody else, but that you had neither time nor inclination for it?
but it is now time to resume the consideration of true memory.
i wrote and asked; was told it had never been received, and sat aghast.
he was so hungry this time that he could not resist the hot beef stew, an indulgence which cut short his stay by a considerable time.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
this is a matter which is concerned exclusively with definite descriptions.
i have known doctor manette and his daughter, in england.
pardon me; certainly it was i who said so, but you naturally think so.
he strikes at an idea like a falcon at a bird.
but for these signs of reluctance, the waters seem to fling themselves on with some foreknowledge of their fate, in an ever wilder frenzy.
i have known a man to be employed by a firm of underwriters to interview would-be insurers.
i have never seen my aunt in such state.
i was still engaged in peering about, when mr. mell came back, and asked me what i did up there?
but i looked so serious, that dora left off shaking her curls, and laid her trembling little hand upon my shoulder, and first looked scared and anxious, then began to cry.
said my aunt, taking off her spectacles.
she passed the tripletts and waved her cowboy hat at them, still moving gaily north on merchant street.
did you ever see anybody very like the prisoner?
affianced, he explained, still busy with the fruit.
but when these difficulties have been solved, the mere compactness in itself offers no great obstacle to the imagination.
a charwoman came in for the heavier work, and i took over the cooking.
but not being umble yourself, you dont judge well, perhaps, for them that are.
this limiting set of appearances may be defined, for purposes of physics, as the piece of matter concerned.
one object will be temporally enclosed by another when it is simultaneous with the other, but not before or after it.
mr. lorry opened his hands, and extended them outwards with an argumentative smile.
there is another sort of artificial superiority which also returns an artificial rent: the superiority of pure status.
the greatest gains and values are farthest from being appreciated.
in humoring my mistake, miss havisham, you punishedpractised onperhaps you will supply whatever term expresses your intention, without offenceyour self-seeking relations?
and then, when he was able to use his hands, jurgis took his bedding again and went back to his task of shifting rails.
the golden one breathed once, and their breath was a moan, and then their arms closed around us.
you may as well do that as anything else, i suppose?
for the purpose of understanding the law of today i am content with a picture of satisfying as much of the whole body of human wants as we may with the least sacrifice.
at night i repaired to miss millss street, and walked up and down, until i was stealthily fetched in by miss millss maid, and taken the area way to the back kitchen.
if i could see my uriah well settled in life, i couldnt expect much more i think.
we have now to explain how the private space of a single perspective is correlated with part of the one all-embracing perspective space.
as i recall our being opposed thus, face to face, i seem again to hear my heart beat fast and high.
the conflict of political and moral loyalty.
after we had both laughed heartily, traddles wound up by looking with a smile at the fire, and saying, in his forgiving way, old creakle!
nothing seems to cost him any trouble, said i.
for example, it is known that if we draw perpendiculars to the sides of a triangle from the opposite angles, all three perpendiculars meet in a point.
we may call these two active and passive understanding respectively.
what reason, then, have we for believing that there are such public neutral objects?
in former days, though probably not at present, you could often find rather choice specimens of strong beer produced at small breweries in the country.
he may brush his hair too regular, or too un-regular.
but we also know that the number of integers is infinite, and that only a finite number of pairs of integers ever have been or ever will be thought of by human beings.
not every city newspaper will get such results.
but returning to what you said, you know, pursued the old man, again laughing heartily, what i say is, no to be sure; youre right.
it is remarkable how few events or crises there are in our histories, how little exercised we have been in our minds, how few experiences we have had.
your earliest school readers have been full of these--for instance, watt and his steam-kettle, franklin and his kite.
i have been living in a furnished apartment since then, and the mortimers have been very private indeed.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
after glancing at him once or twice, in an increased state of smouldering ferocity, i said, mr. drummle, i did not seek this conversation, and i dont think it an agreeable one.
why, then, make him a wooden automaton, or worse, a dead agent?
i tell thee, said madame, extending her right hand, for emphasis, that although it is a long time on the road, it is on the road and coming.
is my benefactor to be made known to me to-day?
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
no argument at all, because only one other concern made motor trucks calling for so great an initial investment.
but we further agreed that he should pull down the blind in that part of his window which gave upon the east, whenever he saw us and all was right.
it led by a good margin, i was told, the fifty-five new york county farm bureaus.
the beautiful atmosphere of a pond of skaters.
but the sociologists and the casual visitor have not disappeared.
twenty eight, said a gentleman in spectacles, who had not yet spoken, you complained last week, my good fellow, of the cocoa.
i could not eat, i could not sit still, i could not continue steadfast to anything.
this last was unquestionably one of the most powerful books born of the war, but its sale was tragically small.
and i am glad of another thing, and that is, that of course you know you may depend upon my keeping it and always so far deserving it.
i had always imagined that clich was a suburb of paris, until i discovered it to be a street in oxford.
the past was dead, the future was yet to come.
whispered peggotty, tell the pretty little angel that i should so have liked to see her, only for a minute!
we are asked to measure rules and doctrines and institutions and to guide the application of law by reference to the end of law and to think of them in terms of social utility.
most of our judgments of perception involve correlations, as when we judge that a certain noise is that of a passing cart.
a social-psychological legal history might achieve much in this connection.
it flashed upon miss pross's mind that the doors were all standing open, and would suggest the flight.
you know he is miss havishams man of business and solicitor, and has her confidence when nobody else has?
this need was met by the philosophical theory of the nature of things and of the law of nature as conformity thereto.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
he was now a very energetic man indeed, with great firmness of purpose, strength of resolution, and vigour of action.
the second caution requires simply that you make your hero dominate the scene.
i cant think what i shall do, i exclaimed, if i have to go back to mr. murdstone!
what better than that a woman should set the tune for that voice?
if it be at all, it can only be by one of these.
sooner or later, somehow, anyhow, i was bound to write a novel.
when he talked he caught his victim by the buttonhole, and his face kept coming closer and closer--which was trying, because his teeth were so bad.
this diverts suspicion and confuses it; and for the same reason i recommended that, even if you came back last night, you should not go home.
mr. creakles face was fiery, and his eyes were small, and deep in his head; he had thick veins in his forehead, a little nose, and a large chin.
dont look forward to variety, but youll have excellence.
the approach to this was through a succession of descending grassy hollows, full of young pitch-pines, into a larger wood about the swamp.
these were few enough, to be sure; but as we always fell back upon blood, she had as wide a field for abstract speculation as her nephew himself.
the days sported by us, as if time had not grown up himself yet, but were a child too, and always at play.
i gazed upon the schoolroom into which he took me, as the most forlorn and desolate place i had ever seen.
in primitive or archaic society as households grow unwieldy there is a partition which involves partition of property as well as of the household.
we thought this intention very noble in steerforth, whose mother was a widow, and rich, and would do almost anything, it was said, that he asked her.
if othello loves desdemona, there is such a complex whole as 'othello's love for desdemona'.
nothing in the way of a food cupboard could be seen.
in both, there were several knots of loungers, squalid and miserable, but now with a manifest sense of power enthroned on their distress.
so he doffed his prison garb, and put on his old fertilizer clothing, and heard the door of the prison clang behind him.
a single word with the wrong connotation may seriously affect the tone of a paragraph.
once it was eleven o'clock at night, and black as the pit, but still they got home.
back to the conciergerie, and death within four-and-twenty hours!
the person or entity that provided you with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a refund.
the fire flickers in the oven and blue shadows dance upon the walls, and there is no sound of men to disturb us.
but we all have to learn it, david; some of us when we are young, some of us when we are old, some of us at all times of our lives.
when i made most noise he would stretch out his neck, and erect his neck feathers, and open his eyes wide; but their lids soon fell again, and he began to nod.
how much more fertile a nature, at least, has grecian mythology its root in than english literature!
that some one has been the mosquito man.
ten thousand curses upon them and their law!
i well understand that, without you, i could have no hope.
proud as these nobles are, he is afraid to see me.
thus, with beer-drinking, pipe-smoking, song-roaring, and infinite caricaturing of woe, the disorderly procession went its way, recruiting at every step, and all the shops shutting up before it.
the doctor sat in his study chair, covering his face with his hands.
having smoked his pipe out, and ruminated a little longer, he turned himself about, that he might appear, before the hour of closing, on his station at tellson's.
i said i had no doubt that mr. peggotty well deserved these treasures.
when you get through working your horses this fall, will you turn them out in the snow?
the picturesque doctor's daughter, miss manette.
when this was done, my aunt and agnes rose, and parted from the emigrants.
the whole six, or four out of the six, or two out of the six, may be apparently equally fit for the post.
so, with great perseverance and untiring industry, he prospered.
mr. peggotty, with a smile, put his hand in his breast-pocket, and produced a flat-folded, paper parcel, from which he took out, with much care, a little odd-looking newspaper.
that i caught a view of myself in a mirror, looking perfectly imbecile and idiotic.
every question is like a riddle; we are never satisfied until we know the answer.
the person stopped, when he stopped to make inquiry of me, and the person took this way when he took this way.
daylight at last found them before the wall of paris.
mr. cruncher's apartments were not in a savoury neighbourhood, and were but two in number, even if a closet with a single pane of glass in it might be counted as one.
cribbed and barred and moored by massive rusty chains, the prison-ship seemed in my young eyes to be ironed like the prisoners.
you will export such articles as the country affords, purely native products, much ice and pine timber and a little granite, always in native bottoms.
it is not that you have parallel lines, one of action and one of character; the two lines join and become one.
i am working up towards a partnership, you know.
exclaimed the other, then you're in for it, old man!
peggotty was quietly assisting, with the old insensible work-box, yard-measure, and bit of wax-candle before her, that had now outlived so much.
but what right had i to oust johnswort and the rest, and break up their ancient herb garden?
say what you have to say, not what you ought.
but such words would be very far from an accurate translation of the simplest kind of memory-belief.
and joe got in beside me, and we drove away together into the country, where the rich summer growth was already on the trees and on the grass, and sweet summer scents filled all the air.
dont you find mr. wickfield blooming, sir?
generally they are less virtuous than his professed desires, and are therefore less agreeable to profess than these are.
even when the lad raised his battle-ax the dragon made no move.
well, child, said my aunt, when i went downstairs.
it was the first unhappiness of my new life, said annie.
with the submarine of the usual type we will first explore that part of the sea bottom which our charts cover.
certainly less frequency would suffice for all important and hearty communications.
but i retained the landscape, and i have since annually carried off what it yielded without a wheelbarrow.
for all the circling watch of her sister ship, the submarine--if still he lives--may get in a shot at the standing target.
both jonas and marija might soon be earning no more than enough to pay their board, and besides that there were only the wages of ona and the pittance of the little boy.
steerforths place was at the bottom of the school, at the opposite end of the long room.
i forget whether it was the blue bull, or the blue boar; but i know it was the blue something, and that its likeness was painted up on the back of the coach.
exclaimed my sister, pointing me out with her needle and thread, and shaking her head at me.
you shall not go to brown's today, little one, he whispers, as he climbs the stairs; and she catches his arm in terror, gasping: no!
i did, when i got the key from you as usual--but a little earlier--and opened it this morning.
said the pale young gentleman, reaching out his hand good-humoredly, its all over now, i hope, and it will be magnanimous in you if youll forgive me for having knocked you about so.
indeed, as virtue is said to be, such ambitions are their own reward.
difficulties arise chiefly in connection with criteria of value.
and to her, with a shrill thirsty cry, trooping women variously armed, but all armed alike in hunger and revenge.
why did a young man of butler's tastes leave the church and go into exile in new zealand for five years?
will they forge you the sword of your deliverance, will they marshal you the army and lead it to the fray?
the next example, however, shall be taken from an interference with liberty which we have by no means passed all danger of.
thus the content is a complex fact composed of images.
obviously, not everything can be authoritative, especially when it is contradicted in the next book.
for, though julia has a stately house, and mighty company, and sumptuous dinners every day, i see no green growth near her; nothing that can ever come to fruit or flower.
when the choristers chaunt, i hear miss shepherd.
the campaign had so far been characterized by what the newspapers termed apathy.
if you decide to go, why shouldnt you go in the same ship?
but how little you think of the rightful umbleness of a person in my station, master copperfield!
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
i am tempted to reply to such,this whole earth which we inhabit is but a point in space.
no mere matter-of-fact attitude here, but the perpetual wonder and joy at the turns and flashes of human personality.
one adams, who was the head-boy, then stepped out of his place and welcomed me.
however much astonished i might be, i was sensible that i had no right to refuse compliance with such a peremptory command.
are you sure, asked jacques two, of defarge, that no embarrassment can arise from our manner of keeping the register?
no matter with what other words we parted; we parted.
we lay on our back, we threw our arms out, and we looked up at the sky.
we may now summarize our analysis of pure memory.
it dropped at the wrist, as if it were broken.
workmen dig, workmen hammer, soldiers laugh and sing; in the morning, by the fountain, there is raised a gallows forty feet high, poisoning the water.
not yet the pine felled on its mountains had descended to the liquid waves that it might see a foreign world, and mortals knew no shores but their own.
he has something of george gissing's taste for the actuality of city scenes and characters, with rather more pungent idiosyncrasy in his manner of self-expression.
mr. cruncher had no particular meaning in these sulky corroborations, but made use of them, as people not unfrequently do, to express general ironical dissatisfaction.
sometimes, however, he will run upon a wall many rods, and then leap off far to one side, and he appears to know that water will not retain his scent.
kin-organization is replaced by political organization as the primary agency of social control.
now, said pumblechook, and all this with a most exasperating air of saying in the cause of virtue what was perfectly convincing and conclusive, i will tell you what to say to joseph.
i'm willing to admit that marriage--even a frost like ours--is useful.
we dined on these occasions in the kitchen, and adjourned, for the nuts and oranges and apples to the parlor; which was a change very like joes change from his working-clothes to his sunday dress.
well, well, reasoned defarge, but one must stop somewhere.
every eye then turned to the five judges and the public prosecutor.
she uttered a terrified scream, and struggled with me with such strength that i doubt if i could have held her alone.
i felt as if i had come into the knowledge of those domestic weaknesses and tendernesses in a sacred confidence, and that to disclose them, even to steerforth, would be wrong.
similarly, we might be free in the future, even if we could now see what our future volitions were going to be.
the government again offered to pay us for the land they took back--the land that was to be ours in perpetuity 'while the grass grew and the waters ran.'
even big considine, who drains a can of condensed milk at a gulp and has been known to eat an apple pie without stopping to take breath, was satisfied.
but they returned with a gentle tone upon them that softened even the edge of tickler.
are concrete examples and specific instances employed effectively?
i knew this meant, in our local dialect, like two young thrushes, and received it as a compliment.
otherwise there could be no division of labor beyond the differentiation of men of fighting age, as we see it in a primitive society.
i wanted to be cutting at those trees in the forest of difficulty, under circumstances that should prove my strength.
we are friends, said i, rising and bending over her, as she rose from the bench.
it so happened that this chair was opposite a narrow passage, which ended in the little circular room where i had seen uriah heeps pale face looking out of the window.
the boys were tough youngsters of the district, evidently very much at home, smoking russian cigarettes and settling themselves on the bed in a manner that seemed curiously continental in cockney toughs.
he never looked so serene as he did then.
the fact is, when--was it you that tumbled upstairs, copperfield?
they may, however, be wanted not only for innocent but for useful purposes, and restrictions cannot be imposed in the one case without operating in the other.
from the windows of my room i saw all london lying in the distance like a great vapour, with here and there some lights twinkling through it.
however, i was released the next day, obtained my mended shoe, and returned to the woods in season to get my dinner of huckleberries on fair-haven hill.
it is as noxious, or more noxious, when exerted in accordance with public opinion, than when in or opposition to it.
i see no reason to doubt the correctness of this view.
said madame defarge, stopping in her work for the first time, and pointing her knitting-needle at little lucie as if it were the finger of fate.
we think of the content of the desire as being just like the content of a belief, while the attitude taken up towards the content is different.
the carcass hung for a few minutes to bleed; there was no time lost, however, for there were several hanging in each line, and one was always ready.
we are all educated thus to be sons of tell.
the man who had seduced his wife--who had sent him to prison, and wrecked his home, ruined his life!
more restless than he was, he crawls out of his house, and looks at me, and wanders to the door, and whines to go upstairs.
the latter point i achieved at great personal inconvenience; but i stuck to it, because i felt it was a grown-up sort of thing.
where codes obtained, analytical development and dogmatic exposition of the text, as a complete and final statement of the law, was to occupy jurists exclusively for the next hundred years.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
jurgis had looked into the deepest reaches of the social pit, and grown used to the sights in them.
some of my friends spoke as if i was coming to the woods on purpose to freeze myself.
happily i slipped away, and deposited that part of my conscience in my garret bedroom.
if a man is named jones, so is his son; we will therefore call the property of being called jones hereditary with respect to the relation of father and son.
we say that a person believes in god, and it might seem as if god formed the whole content of the belief.
they are, in fact, the cause of our distraction.
there was no pausing on the brink; no looking down, or looking back; i was gone, headlong, before i had sense to say a word to her.
will you do me the favour to begin at once to call me by my christian name, herbert?
her father rose with her, and kept her hand drawn through his arm.
does a belief cease to be real and vital as soon as it is generally received--and is a proposition never thoroughly understood and felt unless some doubt of it remains?
innumerable little streams overlap and interlace one with another, exhibiting a sort of hybrid product, which obeys half way the law of currents, and half way that of vegetation.
they plume themselves on their gentility there, i can tell you, if thats any satisfaction.
no cockerels to crow nor hens to cackle in the yard.
i know that it will involve many privations and inconveniences.
and we stood in the great square with all the children and all the men of the city, sent to behold the burning.
the question which we may all reasonably raise with regard to a traitor whom we have received within our lines is whether he will make us a good citizen.
this earth of mine.... what must i say besides?
you know what a little thing i am, and what i wanted you to call me from the first.
a vast deal of travelling, sir, in tellson and company's house.
i give this here bell a rap with this here hammer, and you go on along the passage till you meet somebody.
you are bound, in justice to your family, if not to yourself, to take in at a comprehensive glance the extremest point in the horizon to which your abilities may lead you.
if you strain yourself too much you'll have to ask god to patch you up.
ona sobbed and wept, her fear and anguish building themselves up into long climaxes.
but of course they cannot be driven one at a time, as a single wedge would simply crush into the timber without lifting the cradle at all; they are therefore all driven at once.
i was going on at a great rate, with a clenched hand, and a most enthusiastic countenance; but it was quite unnecessary to proceed.
it is not itself knowledge, but it supplies the data for our knowledge of the physical world, including our own bodies.
but remember, my dear, your future is between you two.
but, what with loitering on the way to look at old objects and to think of old times, the day had quite declined when i came to the place.
he was wilful, insisted on landing in laps when their makers wanted to read.
all claim to special righteousness awakens in me that scorn and anger from which a philosophical mind should be free.
during the whole interval, whenever i went to the bottom of the staircase, i heard her footstep, saw her light pass above, and heard her ceaseless low cry.
such general knowledge is to be found in logic.
often this sentence need not be expressed alone; it should always be thought out in the writer's mind.
it can hardly be interesting to you, said i.
he put all his back and shoulders into it.
some of us can hardly expect, perhaps, in the natural course of things, to greet you on your return.
we now know that on these points the traditional doctrine is wrong, but respect for aristotle prevented leibniz from realising that this was possible.
all other swindlers upon earth are nothing to the self-swindlers, and with such pretences did i cheat myself.
yes, he came to the same end; quite the natural end here, i assure you.
not that i am less humane than others, but i did not perceive that my feelings were much affected.
in the cottage is a big, homelike living-room, where the girls read and sing and dance in the evening.
its histories show no particular characteristic, but its appearance in fiction deserves special attention.
sydney had not gone far out of sight, when he stopped in the middle of the street under a glimmering lamp, and wrote with his pencil on a scrap of paper.
i doent believe i should have done so much as look at him.
if i were, indeed, trotwood, she returned, there is one thing that i should set my heart on very much.
the brother and sister would return as they had come, and be expecting us, when the day closed in, at the fireside.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
there is another, more theoretical, ground for rejecting the view we are examining.
across the road we went, through mire and puddle, and down a long, winding court.
i cannot so completely penetrate the mystery of my own heart, as to know when i began to think that i might have set its earliest and brightest hopes on agnes.
your clothes will be looked after for you, too, said mr. murdstone; as you will not be able, yet awhile, to get them for yourself.
* for the moment i will content myself with saying that the powers of logic seem to me very much less than this theory supposes.
i believe my breath will get long next, my memorys getting so much so, said mr. omer.
just such land as this helped to inspire brennan.
and more needles were missing than it could be regarded as quite wholesome for a patient of such tender years either to apply externally or to take as a tonic.
cried herbert, as if i had made a guess of extraordinary merit.
do you imagine-- mr. lorry had begun, when miss pross took him up short with: never imagine anything.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
with the shy boldness of my native country, i stretched a hand and inclosed her fingers.
which tom denied; averring that he should always be equally proud of it, under all circumstances.
it was some broken wittlesthats what it wasand a dram of liquor, and a pie.
the pond does not thunder every evening, and i cannot tell surely when to expect its thundering; but though i may perceive no difference in the weather, it does.
these interferences are objectionable, not as infringements on the liberty of the producer or seller, but on that of the buyer.
it is a mistake to speak as if acquaintance had degrees: there is merely acquaintance and non-acquaintance.
the way of providence is a little rude.
and as you eat your fish from the store how little do you reck of the glamor of what you are doing!
the mist now lies along the base of the hills, leaving the upper ridges almost imperceptibly veiled and the rounded tops faintly softened.
careful study of a subject is often necessary to reveal the novel and extraordinary phase of it that can best be emphasized.
as if the estrangement between them had come of any culpability of hers.
if he was only sorry, he wouldnt look at me as he does.
to this question physical science gives an answer, somewhat incomplete it is true, and in part still very hypothetical, but yet deserving of respect so far as it goes.
a tiny bit of wisdom, but as vital as protoplasm.
in the reaction from equity and natural law, and particularly in the nineteenth century, these standards were distrusted.
when death claimed most of her relatives at the end of the season allotted as the life of a wasp, this survivor, a queen wasp, became the foundress of a family of her own.
my reason is to be found in what took place in mr. pumblechooks parlor: where, on our presenting ourselves, my sister sat in conference with that detested seedsman.
while the lover of music may often be in doubt as to the merit of a composition, he need never be so in regard to that of a performance.
what would be the result if no provision had been made for the disintegration of the bodies of all the men and animals that have inhabited the earth since the beginning?
the first thing for the writer to do is to look at the subject itself and learn what it is, really understand it.
for the present, i wish to make it clear that a certain special kind of belief is the distinctive characteristic of memory.
i was here brought up with a reflection exceedingly just in itself, but which, as the sequel shows, i failed to profit by.
but this topic belongs to the philosophy of physics, and need not concern us in our present inquiry.
if ever any scapegrace was trimmed and touched up to perfection, you are, steerforth.
law never made men a whit more just; and, by means of their respect for it, even the well-disposed are daily made the agents of injustice.
what is the chief value of the following selection as a real definition?
the league hurled itself upon the press once more.
there is a mutual relation, so that either can be inferred from the other.
after that, every evening that he got home from the yards in time, he would go to the school; he would go even if he were in time for only half an hour.
that must be a poor country indeed that does not support a hare.
the pen-name, o. henry, is almost certainly borrowed from a french chemist etienne-ossian henry, whose abridged name he fell upon in his pharmacal researches.
but they are not explained, unless with extreme artificiality, by any theory which regards the latent effects of experience as psychical rather than physical.
the opportunities of living are diminished in proportion as what are called the means are increased.
she did not look very happy, i thought; but it was a good face, or a very false one.
listlessness to everything, but brooding sorrow, was the night that fell on my undisciplined heart.
the only member of our small society who positively refused to adapt himself to circumstances, was jip.
think-not of me, but of the lives that may depend on both of us!
he tried in stores and offices, in restaurants and hotels, along the docks and in the railroad yards, in warehouses and mills and factories where they made products that went to every corner of the world.
when mr. x entered his drawing-room--he never rides elsewhere in the car--shades were to be drawn, a pillow beaten and ready by the window, and matches on the window sill.
then we go to work in the streets of the city, with our brooms and our rakes.
i took up the chip on which the three i have particularly described were struggling, carried it into my house, and placed it under a tumbler on my window-sill, in order to see the issue.
you did good service at the taking of the bastille, citizen?
for myself, i am fighting my way on in the world against difficulties, and it would be ridiculous if i made a pretence of doing anything else.
we have just seen that two similar collections have the same number of terms.
a reader cannot tell from such a word whether speed is important or insignificant, or whether the author intends to give to gas engines credit for comparative excellence in this property.
but the change to which i now refer was superadded to this: it was in her manner, which became anxious and fluttered.
either may add the other quality--a fine drama or a well-made sermon does.
supposing him wrapped up as those two passengers were, is there anything in his bulk and stature to render it unlikely that he was one of them?
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
it was just at this time that the great adventure befell marija.
you had better leave me, if you please, to walk the earth as a vagabond.
but he did not rest, and did not get enjoyment, for the mosquitoes had likewise leased his place on the sound and were making good their title.
he turned towards him in his chair, but did not look at him, or raise his eyes.
no one can have watched successive groups of young men pass through the special schools without profoundly regretting the haphazard, fragmentary character of their preliminary education.
the party descended to the next floor, where the various waste materials were treated.
by that time their true mates have usually wed other men--men who can support them--not the men they really love, but the men they tell themselves they love!
on the commission he is, at any rate, said i.
five paces by four and a half, five paces by four and a half, five paces by four and a half.
evenly, steadily, as we had seen her leave the launching ways at meadowside, she goes down.
i see these men every day go about their business with more or less courage and content, doing more even than they suspect, and perchance better employed than they could have consciously devised.
her letters are mr. jones' mainstay in his first volume and she is, except butler himself, altogether his most interesting personality.
this it gradually accumulates until it acquires enough to burst open the rock without wasting a lot of energy in pulverizing it.
if youll excuse me, sir, i dont think i shall see him first.
mr. micawber considered it necessary to prepare either my aunt or his wife, by degrees, and said, sooner than he had expected yesterday.
i dont remember who was there, except dora.
what champollion will decipher this hieroglyphic for us, that we may turn over a new leaf at last?
but we have already considered these reasons, and decided that they are inadequate.
i would relate, as plainly and as openly as possible, all that has taken place; and i would ask their permission to visit sometimes, at their house.
the chamber, furnished bachelor-fashion, that you wished to see, and were inquiring for when i stepped out, is on the fifth floor.
the bartender--who proved to be a well-known bruiser--was called to the stand.
the advent of mrs. gummidge with a basket, explained how the house had happened to be empty.
as i sounded through the ice i could determine the shape of the bottom with greater accuracy than is possible in surveying harbors which do not freeze over, and i was surprised at its general regularity.
so, having come there against my inclination, i went on against it.
such arguments, however, seem to involve the assumption that there can be something more real than objects of sense.
the subaqueous lights which will help this work are powerful tungsten lamps enclosed in a steel shell with a heavy prismatic lens at the bottom.
he was altogether too unsettled in his mind over it, to appreciate it comfortably i thought, or to have anybody to dine with him, without making a chop with his jaws at the visitor.
old whats-his-names in a bad way, and its about that, i believe.
if mr. murdstone were in his best humour, i checked him.
now ill quench the curiosity of this little fatima, my dear daisy, by leaving her nothing to guess at.
i had known the softening influence of no other sorrows or experiences than those recorded in these leaves.
my opinion of the coal trade on that river is, that it may require talent, but that it certainly requires capital.
the colloquy which followed was brief and to the point: speak english?
through criticism we discover why we are interested, and then naturally we desire more interest, and by feeding grow to a larger appreciation and conception of the realm in which our minds are at work.
such peculiarities have seemed to many to contradict logic, but in fact they only contradict confirmed mental habits.
the comrade is too tired to talk to any one-- he began; but the other held up his hand.
nowhere is the reciprocal action of legal rules and philosophical theories more strikingly manifest than in our law of contractual liability.
but he could board somewhere else, i suppose?
for his conclusion he determined to summarize the results of this experiment in education as the firm stated them on the commencement program, and to give his own impression of the success of the school.
it made us all lethargic before we had gone far, and when we had left the half-way house behind, we habitually dozed and shivered and were silent.
don't make any noise, she whispered, hurriedly.
the natural connection is the other way.
the work of assimilating what had been received into the law from without during the period of equity and natural law has been done.
i know not the first letter of the alphabet.
i should be much of a hound if i lost my gratitude to herbert spencer.
much as if one nostril was caught up with a horse-hair and a little fish-hook.
in philosophy, again, it seems not uncommon for two rival hypotheses to be both able to account for all the facts.
he is perfectly good-humoured respecting his failure, and reminds me that he always did consider himself slow.
i seem, then, to be worthier of the eldest miss larkins.
you should have said, short as a dwarf, returned jacques two.
not that its arrival brought me either; for, then i was worse than ever, and began haunting the coach-office in wood street, cheapside, before the coach had left the blue boar in our town.
the prisoner counted the measurement again, and paced faster, to draw his mind with him from that latter repetition.
its destination was the old church of saint pancras, far off in the fields.
at first, his mind reverted to defarge, and he thought of finding out the wine-shop again and taking counsel with its master in reference to the safest dwelling-place in the distracted state of the city.
if i have any secret, it is--no new one; and is--not what you suppose.
and so i went home to my bed, and left him to pick his way through the darkness and the mud to brighton,or bright-town,which place he would reach some time in the morning.
at noontime a man with whom he had been talking had read it to him and told him a little about it, with the result that jurgis had conceived a wild idea.
she was in another canning factory, and her work was to trim the meat of those diseased cattle that jurgis had been told about not long before.
there can be no inference except where propositions are connected in some such way, so that from the truth or falsehood of the one something follows as to the truth or falsehood of the other.
the unconscious desire is not something actually existing, but merely a tendency to a certain behaviour; it has exactly the same status as a force in dynamics.
at nine oclock every night, greenwich time, said wemmick, the gun fires.
did they alight on the road in the course of the night?
it has a sharp focus, small and starlike, as a clear and lonely flame left burning by the altar of a shrine from which all have gone but one.
even cobbett, whose belief in beer was the noblest feature in his character, allowed that it required some keeping.
save the prisoner evremonde at la force!
to hundreds of boys and girls and parents the job lady has proved a friend.
miserable little propitiators of a remorseless idol, how abject we were to him!
arrived at my destination, down i sat one morning to the unfinished tale; and behold!
the water is so transparent that the bottom can easily be discerned at the depth of twenty-five or thirty feet.
houghton mifflin company, boston, publishers.
with us, when a name is given it is one with a meaning, something the child must grow to in fulfillment.
at about this time, i began to observe that he was getting flushed in the face; as to myself, i felt all face, steeped in wine and smarting.
in this case visual images serve, somewhat imperfectly it is true, the purpose which visual sensations would otherwise serve.
it closed in an incident which i well remember.
we wont mention the subject to one another any more; neither, of course, will you mention it to anybody else.
the house had always tolerated some person in that capacity, and time and tide had drifted this person to the post.
because i--in short, choose, replied mr. micawber, with a burst.
i wish with all my soul i had been better guided!
how does it become a man to behave toward the american government today?
moreover, it was the spot to which such french intelligence as was most to be relied upon, came quickest.
on my introducing traddles, mr. creakle expressed, in like manner, but in an inferior degree, that he had always been traddless guide, philosopher, and friend.
the turnkey fired the little pile, which blazed high and hot.
bang!--and the rabbit that had popped from its burrow was no more.
diwisions among such must come, and must be met as they come.
a matter o fower days, said mr. peggotty.
his right name was compeyson; and thats the man, dear boy, what you see me a pounding in the ditch, according to what you truly told your comrade arter i was gone last night.
to-morrow night i could not think of going, for it would be too close upon the time of the flight.
but never since he had been in chicago had he stood less chance of getting a job than just then.
duane stole out as silently as a shadow, and a second later jurgis heard a thud and a stifled cry.
peggotty was naturally in low spirits at leaving what had been her home so many years, and where the two strong attachments of her life--for my mother and myself--had been formed.
he was in the same plight as the manufacturer who has to adulterate and misrepresent his product.
i advised my companion, therefore, that we should not address her yet, but follow her; consulting in this, likewise, an indistinct desire i had, to know where she went.
i have enough portable feeding coops with wire bottoms and droppings pans underneath to enable me to feed, in all, about one thousand chickens at one time.
if i am a plaything for you giants, be gentle with me.
hamilton, you damn ole scoundrel, he roared, i'll 'scharge you for impudence, you see 'f i don't!
all this is evident from the fact that we cannot have more than one event for each instant.
jurgis waited until she was close to him.
and if it is to gain her over, i should thinkbut you know bestshe was not worth gaining over.
for if he who does not believe in a future state, necessarily lies, it follows that they who do believe are only prevented from lying, if prevented they are, by the fear of hell.
i was virtually managing editor, for the editor and owner was a politician and was away much of the time.
he felt like fighting now himself; and when the irish delegate of the butcher-helpers' union came to him a second time, he received him in a far different spirit.
exclaimed one of the men, pushing the empty tray from him, after draining the last drop of coffee in his mug.
it was completely done, however, and when we were going out of church wemmick took the cover off the font, and put his white gloves in it, and put the cover on again.
but jurgis had no sympathy with such ideas as this--he could do the work himself, and so could the rest of them, he declared, if they were good for anything.
it was between twelve and one oclock when i reached the temple, and the gates were shut.
i felt that fate had pitted me against this man, and one of us must fall.
another would be jocular in tone, slapping you on the back, so to speak.
as every season seems best to us in its turn, so the coming in of spring is like the creation of cosmos out of chaos and the realization of the golden age.
if i did her wrong; as i fear i did, in taking advantage (but i never meant it) of her gratitude and her affection; i ask pardon of that lady, in my heart!
they have departed, and you read in the orthodox works dreary regrets that the art of conversation has passed away.
i watched her, with my heart at my lips, as she marched to a corner of her garden, and stooped to dig up some little root there.
that is to say, the occurrence might have varied within certain limits without causing our image to vary recognizably.
standing on one bank or both, according to the sundering flood's ambition, the knight with staff and bold forefinger sets the water princess free.
he replied, that a good case of a disputed will, where there was a neat little estate of thirty or forty thousand pounds, was, perhaps, the best of all.
the wildest animals do not repose, but seek their prey now; the fox, and skunk, and rabbit, now roam the fields and woods without fear.
the tall man is lost, and he is sought--how many months?
he glanced at the shoe with some little passing touch of pride.
you had been drinking as well as begging last night, had you not?
if she is not found, perhaps she never will be found.
if it dont act well, or dont quite accord with our mutual convenience, he can easily go to the right-about.
sydney turned his eyes again upon the fire, and, after a silence of a few moments, said: i should like to ask you:--does your childhood seem far off?
mr. micawber closed this handsome tribute by saying, mr. heep!
no, what it is really most like is a spider's web, insecurely hung on leaves and twigs, quivering in every wind, and sprinkled with dewdrops and dead flies.
it does not show which topics shall be grouped into paragraphs together, and it does not, of course, phrase the topic sentences, usually.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
you've got a religious mother, you have, my boy: going and flopping herself down, and praying that the bread-and-butter may be snatched out of the mouth of her only child.
i believe in the forest, and in the meadow, and in the night in which the corn grows.
mr. james he began to be restless again.
sarah pocket conducted me down, as if i were a ghost who must be seen out.
you said just now that estella was not related to miss havisham, but adopted.
poor traddles, who had passed the stage of lying with his head upon the desk, and was relieving himself as usual with a burst of skeletons, said he didnt care.
as i drew nearer to them, trying to propitiate the tinker by my looks, i observed that the woman had a black eye.
then he laughed about her, and asked me if i had ever seen such a fierce little piece of incomprehensibility.
at this point i wish to interrupt the account of knight dunlap's article in order to make some observations on my own account with reference to the above quotations from stout.
deuce take me, he added, suddenly, i know i did.
when she comes to her mothers age, said mrs. markleham, with a flourish of her fan, then itll be another thing.
i shall have nothing to think of then, said the doctor, with a smile, but my dictionary; and this other contract-bargain--annie.
it must have behind it some basis in the securing of social interests.
then at night, when he could get off, jurgis would attend the socialist meetings.
i was very glad to see her too, and, after an affectionate greeting on both sides, sat down on the small sofa near her.
it shall certainly be granted, said mr. creakle.
to be her father is a proud distinction, but to be her usband-- spare me from ever again hearing such a cry, as that with which her father rose up from the table!
i hear him, and shake hands with him; and we talk, and walk, and dine, and so on; but i dont believe it.
now, i hear somebody's step coming to the door.
the bank was just able to put salt upon his tail--and only just.
it is not possible in a short review to include the special branches of the subject.
the point is of some interest in the case of a man who is helping us to destroy the conventional family.
then he relaxed his fingers, and crouched, waiting, until she opened her lids again.
though i passed over it as gently as possible, the slight undulations produced by my boat extended almost as far as i could see, and gave a ribbed appearance to the reflections.
at the head there was a great iron wheel, about twenty feet in circumference, with rings here and there along its edge.
mr. pocket said he was glad to see me, and he hoped i was not sorry to see him.
the cause of your recollection, so far as hitherto observable phenomena are concerned, consists both of the peat smoke (present stimulus) and of the former occasion (past experience).
as peggotty was wont to tell me, long ago, the followers of my father to the same grave were made ready in the same room.
to save her from misconstruction, cruel misconstruction, that even my friends have not been able to avoid, becomes my duty.
now, here, replied mr. jaggers, fixing me for the first time with his dark deep-set eyes, we must revert to the evening when we first encountered one another in your village.
here you must be careful not to give a long list at the beginning of all the different parts of the machine.
and how is our good friend the doctor, copperfield?
he tried to prepare himself in vain; perhaps the effort to prepare himself made him less able to bear it.
in interviewing, therefore, it is desirable to keep pencil and paper out of sight.
suppose that marija could get a job in the big mill where they made binder twine--then they would move into this neighborhood, and he would really have a chance.
isnt there bright eyes somewheres, wot you love the thoughts on?
he must have a place again and some money saved up, before the next winter came.
carton followed the lines and words of his paper, with a slow forefinger, and with a studious and absorbed face.
the legally significant thing is the interest of the natural possessor in his personality.
i wondered peevishly why they couldnt put her anywhere else instead of quartering her on me.
with all her eagerness for the out-of-doors, she loved books.
a poor angel, she returned, but faithful.
miss agnes, master copperfield-- well, uriah?
but as i was used to sit beside joe whenever i entered that place of resort, i said no, thank you, sir, and fell into the space joe made for me on the opposite settle.
such men are invaluable to know about, especially when an operator stays away for a day or perhaps a week and the shop is full of orders.
its members often perform various editorial duties in addition to writing articles.
there were yells of rage and pain, and the terrified people fled into houses and stores, or scattered helter-skelter down the street.
the typical cause would be the fiat of a king.
pretty witness, he muttered, looking down into his glass.
all the balance of his life he had done nothing but try to make it understood.
and she brought it out and unwrapped it before the men.
thither in summer days, when distinguished guests came, i took them, and a priceless domestic swept the floor and dusted the furniture and kept the things in order.
sensations of sight and touch are correlated, and partly by giving rise to images and memories after the sensation is faded.
whether he had really been to any one, or whether he had been all that time traversing the streets, was never known.
even he has entered into the joy of his lord.
but it was in reference to the tone in which he had spoken of that sort of people, that miss dartle, whose sparkling eyes had been watchful of us, now broke in again.
in this sense, the descriptive view is indubitably in the right.
he was gone away himself, stumbling through the shadows, and groping after the soul that had fled.
thats nigher where it is, said joe; she aint living.
why should we live with such hurry and waste of life?
does the writer seem to have had a definitely formulated purpose?
besides serving as a vehicle for the writer's own experiences, it may be employed to give experiences of others.
i wrote a little something, in secret, and sent it to a magazine, and it was published in the magazine.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
the operation of signs may or may not be accompanied by consciousness.
the astronomers forever comment on and observe them.
she swaggered into the room in an impudent way to conceal the fact that her bravado was leaving her.
they had, of course, put their dining table in the kitchen, and the dining room was used as the bedroom of teta elzbieta and five of her children.
it aint bad, said mr. barkis, who generally qualified his speech, and rarely committed himself.
the cloth was only laid for us two; but agnes was waiting in the drawing-room before dinner, went down with her father, and sat opposite to him at table.
opportunities for the civil (or mechanical or electrical, etc.)
in the following analysis of the relation existing between human action as result, and impulse and desire as causes, you will find such an informal presentation of material.
then there were yells and hoots, continuing until at last the superintendent came to the door.
to the lady, sir, mr. jack maldon answered, laughing.
this last was a song, and the young gentleman's voice rose mournful and wailing, while he swung upon jurgis's neck.
for your very great politeness, i am sure, said miss murdstone; with an irony which no more affected my aunt, than it discomposed the cannon i had slept by at chatham.
let me live where i will, on this side is the city, on that the wilderness, and ever i am leaving the city more and more, and withdrawing into the wilderness.
it was not that natural law expressed the nature of man.
as he got up meekly, the other reflected that he had always been a steady man, and might soon be a good customer again.
five days, six days, seven days, eight days, nine days.
ham would bring emily at the usual hour.
it would seem, however, that there are cases of very firm belief in a memory which is wholly false.
volition, in the emphatic sense, involves something more than voluntary movement.
exclaimed the indian as he went out the gate, do you mean to starve us?
rosa dartle, entering this way with a noiseless step, when we were close to them, addressed herself to me: you do well, she said, indeed, to bring this fellow here!
one might have added, if the aphorist had stayed for an answer, that history is rather interesting when it repeats itself: historians are not.
she only spoke once or twice while jurgis was there--the rest of the time she sat by the table in the center of the room, resting her chin in her hands and drinking in the conversation.
but if they were to frighten dora again, agnes, by speaking to her, said i.
they passed down the busy street that led to the yards.
it does not clasp its hands and pray to jupiter.
in short, i would have done anything in an honourable way rather than give mrs. crupp offence; and she was the terror of my life.
this was such a singular question, that i asked him in return, is it so?
then he came out of his meditation, and drank more wine.
at this, the nearest stone face seemed to stare amazed, and, with open mouth and dropped under-jaw, looked awe-stricken.
not making the least account of the one with the delicate face, he returned, bentley drummle is his name, is it?
i took the next opportunity; which was when she was waiting for mrs. blandley to take her home, and was sitting apart among some flowers, ready to go.
they are always sending for her to come and try something on.
now this is not an easy task when you are reviewing, in many pages, the gorgeous pageant of an age.
in either case, present sensation is a constituent.
every child begins the world again, to some extent, and loves to stay out doors, even in wet and cold.
the possibility of action with reference to what is not sensibly present is one of the things that might be held to characterize mind.
we could easily send thirty camp kitchens to the fighting lines, but strategy demands that they be kept back.
not to say an unfeeling thing, said i, he cannot do better than go.
there was a certain sadness in learning, when the news of her death came, that many of our present-day critical sanhedrim had never even become aware of her name.
it had been a bitter day, and a cutting north-east wind had blown for some time.
(b) if one event wholly precedes another, and the other wholly precedes a third, then the first wholly precedes the third.
we had parted angrily on the last occasion; and there was an air of disdain about her, which she took no pains to conceal.
we finally found a true flea bane, but, deserted one day, he was populous again the next.
i have been with him, going on four year, master copperfield, said uriah; shutting up his book, after carefully marking the place where he had left off.
as she rode through the town on an easy gallop she kept waving at passers-by.
the second of zeno's arguments is the one concerning achilles and the tortoise, which has achieved more notoriety than the others.
inquired the man, and jurgis answered, yes, sir!
***** the other patient lay in a back room across a second staircase, which was a species of loft over a stable.
frequently boys and girls are put to work because of the impression that schools have nothing of practical value to offer.
mental suffering and trial supply, in some natures, the place of years, and i will be as plain with you as if i were a lady abbess.
he has always kept it by him, said mr. lorry, with an anxious look at his friend.
though the sky was by this time overcast, the pond was so smooth that i could see where he broke the surface when i did not hear him.
it will be seen that a hereditary property, though it must belong to all the finite numbers greater than a given number possessing the property, need not belong to all the numbers less than this number.
look at her, with her pretty pale face and her cold hands.
by and by he made another descent upon us with the same inquiry, and the same result.
he could not so much as get his breath to speak, until they were both separately handcuffed, but leaned upon a soldier to keep himself from falling.
the rest of his time he passed in london.
rather shall we be evil with you than good with all our brothers.
a bird flying among trees avoids bumping into their branches; its avoidance is a response to visual sensations.
in the same way the handles of golf sticks, baseball bats, flagstaffs and whips may be given a new lease on life.
mrs. gummidge appeared to be fretting a little, in her old corner; and consequently looked quite natural, too.
and yet, in spite of this, there would be hams found spoiled, some of them with an odor so bad that a man could hardly bear to be in the room with them.
without returning the wish, carton rose too, with something of a threat of defiance in his manner, and said, a last word, mr. darnay: you think i am drunk?
it indicates better than any water hereabouts the absolute progress of the season, being least affected by transient changes of temperature.
first of all, let it be distinctly understood that the kitchen as inaugurated is not a charity.
while there are so many who are anxious to work as you wish, there is no occasion for incommoding yourself with those who must work otherwise.
pip, said joe, appearing a little hurried and troubled, there has been larks.
biddy, said i, when we were walking homeward, i wish you could put me right.
try in each case to give the reader a knowledge of the character and of the events in the life.
they may appeal to posterity; but of what use is posterity?
we have thus here a first departure from the immediate data of sensation, though it is a departure merely by way of extension, and was probably made by our savage ancestors in some very remote prehistoric epoch.
he had picked up a few words of english by this time, and friends would help him to understand.
give no thought to us, for we are nothing, but listen to our words, for we bring you a gift such as had never been brought to men.
now, here you see young david copperfield, and the question i put to you is, what shall i do with him?
they look upon t, down heer, as being unfortunate now!
perhaps that will not be necessary; the mono-rail car should be its own salesman; but, in the meantime, it is not amiss that a great inventor should stand aloof from commerce.
she was to have my bed, and i was to lie in the sitting-room, to keep guard over her.
my daughter is growing quite a tall lass now, sir, said mr. chillip, giving his little head another little shake.
indeed, that is the very question i want to ask you, said i.
the dark deference of fear and slavery, my friend, observed the marquis, will keep the dogs obedient to the whip, as long as this roof, looking up to it, shuts out the sky.
next day he was looking out for her, and accosted her the moment she appeared.
there were crackers in it with the tenderest mottoes that could be got for money.
this is the kind of criticism which constitutes philosophy.
now and then, the sound of the signal cannon broke upon us again, and again rolled sulkily along the course of the river.
by courtesy of the publishers, seeley, service & co., london.
he would walk, begging for work, until he was exhausted; he could not remain still--he would wander on, gaunt and haggard, gazing about him with restless eyes.
i have parted with the plate myself, said mrs. micawber.
to declare in the first sentence that something is the first or the only one of its kind immediately arrests attention, because of the universal interest in the unique.
you are a young gentleman to be smiled on, mr. copperfull, and you must learn your walue, sir.
he was a person of great power in my eyes; that was, of course, the reason of my mind running on him.
the fatal tendency of mankind to leave off thinking about a thing when it is no longer doubtful, is the cause of half their errors.
this adjective or this phrase is likely to be the expression of differentia among smaller classes, the differentia among individual members being stated more at length later in the definition.
the remarkably adult yet innocent expression of their open and serene eyes is very memorable.
he had been shorn, at one cut, of all those mysterious weapons whereby he had been able to make a living easily and to escape the consequences of his actions.
so i reasoned that a trim, pleasing appearance would be as valuable an asset to me as to the men who sell pickles, insurance, or gilt-edged bonds.
you all have friends among stationers and newsdealers.
he thought of the future when he read the bible; i read it for the past.
in the latter case, but not in the former, the pastness is part of the content believed.
but the old arguments did not seem to fit, somehow.
if the forest is cut off, the sprouts and bushes which spring up afford them concealment, and they become more numerous than ever.
the power to make contracts began to be limited where industrial conditions made abstract freedom of contract defeat rather than advance full individual human life.
we have seen that they are subject to mnenic causation, and that mnenic causation may be reducible to ordinary physical causation in nervous tissue.
with this in mind the central branch of the young women's christian association in new york city has started a training-school for home assistants.
now, thats the way with them here, mr. pip, remarked wemmick, turning to me with his post-office elongated.
a sympathetic insight into the lives of his readers is necessary for every writer who hopes to quicken his subject with vital interest.
i never thought, when i used to read books, what work it was to write them.
but even when the desire to know exists in the requisite strength, the mental vision by which abstract truth is recognised is hard to distinguish from vivid imaginability and consonance with mental habits.
the hillman shifted his weight uneasily.
allow me to wish you many happy returns.
sometimes one of those great cakes slips from the ice-mans sled into the village street, and lies there for a week like a great emerald, an object of interest to all passers.
goodness knows, uncle pumblechook, said my sister (grasping the money), were deeply beholden to you.
adam and eve, according to the fable, wore the bower before other clothes.
they taught us all a deal of umbleness--not much else that i know of, from morning to night.
he ran up the steps and pushed his way in, and saw aniele's kitchen crowded with excited women.
in like manner, we can collect all mnemic phenomena in living organisms under a single law, which contains what is hitherto verifiable in semon's two laws.
several close their eyes, and think, or try to get their straying thoughts together.
but in spite of the misleadingness of such expectations, they nevertheless exist.
it even quoted home, sweet home, and made bold to translate it into polish--though for some reason it omitted the lithuanian of this.
i'll pay ye good, said the other, eying his big form--a dollar a day and board ye.
he leaned over and spoke to henry forrest.
in the days when all these things are to be answered for, i summon your brother, the worst of the bad race, to answer for them separately.
this degree of force or liveliness is part of what we ordinarily mean by the intensity of a sensation.
had he not just gotten a job, and become a sharer in all this activity, a cog in this marvelous machine?
i left him, said mike, a setting on some doorsteps round the corner.
as usually happens, in reaction from theories going too far in one direction this theory has gone too far in the other.
to a person who regards life coldly, as the mere interplay of calculable forces, one whose emotions are not concerned, this would be a sufficient statement of the whole truth, of the total significance.
do you want to be a gentleman, to spite her or to gain her over?
liberty, equality, fraternity, or death;--the last, much the easiest to bestow, o guillotine!
here's a splendid magic word: 'rumplesnitz.'
now we see where our pennies go--rebates, an' private car lines--hic--by harry!
alena is the beauty of the evening, and she would be really beautiful if she were not so proud.
it assumes, if it is thought out, something like the mystic unity of knower and known.
as the time approached i should have liked to run away, but the avenger pursuant to orders was in the hall, and presently i heard joe on the staircase.
she is the prettiest and most engaging little fairy in the world.
we think that we can change our clothes only.
no sooner did musicians settle just what a sonata must be than a greater musician appeared who transcended the narrower form.
now, mr. pip, i have done with stipulations.
entreat me to believe it no more, miss manette.
on a sunday morning, when i dont practise, i must do something.
do you know the oldest salt-fish house in america, down by coenties slip?
i usually go to the village along its causeway, and am, as it were, related to society by this link.
she came back on regular duty at five-thirty to prepare and serve the dinner.
fur shes more dear to me now, martha, than she was dear afore.
and yet, said pumblechook, turning to the landlord and waiter, and pointing me out at arms length, this is him as i ever sported with in his days of happy infancy!
most men do not know that any nation but the hebrews have had a scripture.
as to the value of an outline for the writer--without an outline you face in your writing a complicated problem, more complicated, in fact, than is justifiable.
how to prevent it, how to bar the will of the councils, we knew not, but we knew suddenly that we would.
mother hasn't any work either, because the sausage department is shut down; and she goes and begs at houses with a basket, and people give her food.
there is rather a division of labor as to typical cases and a practical or historical apportionment of the rest.
i dont profess to be profound; but i do lay claim to common sense.
they are not in fact self-contradictory, but only contradictory of certain rather obstinate mental prejudices.
the floor was full of drafts, and if he caught cold he would die.
it might be true, then, after all, what others had told him about life, that the best powers of a man might not be equal to it!
why, from your old nurse, he returned, taking some papers out of his breast pocket.
for a sniffy resident of another section.
then i turned, and walked back towards yarmouth.
said i, shaking hands with him as we turned down the street together.
only think what he had suffered for that house--what miseries they had all suffered for it--the price they had paid for it!
this have we been taught with our first breath.
and we felt torn, torn for some word we could not find.
the strong tide, so swift, so deep, and certain, was like a congenial friend, in the morning stillness.
said mr. barkis, with a slow rheumatic smile.
it knocked our chin up, and we saw the red froth of our mouth on the withered fingers, and the judge asked: where have you been?
i have, therefore, prepared for my friend mr. thomas traddles, and i now hold in my hand, a document, which accomplishes the desired object.
anything like an equivalent british appreciation of america in the large seems confined to a very few honorable exceptions among them.
it was mr. jaggerss hand, and he passed it through my arm.
said steerforth, clapping me on the shoulder.
let us take as an illustration the law of contradiction.
if our experience had been different, we should not fill out sensation in the same way, except in so far as the filling out is instinctive, not acquired.
i had to live, she said; and i couldn't see the children starve.
are we sure that there is none of it in our own lives?
there is no space, in this brief note, to do justice to her.
i have never shown any weakness that i can charge myself with.
a bee colony has its own little white village near by.
unhappily this is too natural to be wondered at.
she will put her hands together and pray you to be merciful.
but from the point of view of brutus, the desire, which comes at the beginning, is what makes the whole series interesting.
if it was dull, it was at least hung true.
we need be careful lest trivial matters be made to appear ambitious, thrillingly courageous, and lest we deny what seems contradictory.
i am the sworn servant of both, against you.
joe and i going to church, therefore, must have been a moving spectacle for compassionate minds.
if you come to advancing you know, said mr. lorry, delighted to be able to make another admission, nobody can doubt that.
many difficult questions arise in connection with knowledge.
do you know what they have called me, the old men and women who are wise--the full-bloods?
but does not this also require demonstration?
but has not the sultan a complete defense, according to captain mahan's doctrine?
what i have come down to be, since i first saw you in this house!
why, in that very ride, if youll believe me, the day was named for my minnie to marry joram.
in this way he succeeds at once in turning the reader as he wishes, and leaves him also with the strongest possible bias toward belief.
so the women of the field were weary, and they tarried over their work, and they were far from the road when we came.
but the chemist continues his tests every morning.
wherever agnes was, some agreeable token of her noiseless presence seemed inseparable from the place.
and why dont you abandon me to my deserts?
these sausage cakes make a breakfast fit for a president.
despite the conscientious flattery of the others he gruntingly refused to give a penny.
and shook me by both hands with the utmost fervour.
still, even the most miserly and most stubborn and most ignorant of parents can sometimes be made to see the wisdom of keeping a child in school until he is sixteen.
marija answered him, in a whisper: the new one!
in the small, bare, but immaculately clean room at the head of the stairs he found his friend the corporal banging away at a typewriter.
give me a kiss, and well go to the commons after breakfast tomorrow.
i could not doubt, either, that he was there, because i was there, and that, however slight an appearance of danger there might be about us, danger was always near and active.
mr. dick, said my aunt, dont be a fool, because nobody can be more discreet than you can, when you choose.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
so they had left freddie all alone, and he with less than two thousand dollars in his pocket.
the swinging sentinel was posted, and the sea rushed on.
there is some unfortunate division between them, i replied.
but all that we are warranted in saying is that, in this case, the manner of correlation of touch and sight is unusual.
butler himself did not know; consequently he could not always distinguish his wisdom from his folly.
ostrinski would take him to the next meeting of the branch local, and introduce him, and he might join the party.
here, then, was everything to keep me up, sympathy, help, and now a positive engagement.
i meet his servant come to draw water for his master, and our buckets as it were grate together in the same well.
the stories of poe, hawthorne, howells, james, aldrich, bret harte, are admirable in manner, but they are thin in substance, not of large vitality.
glancing at his hands, which were discoloured by his late work, the doctor looked troubled, and listened attentively.
but is it fair to leave the job i got you and come to me for another?
i entreated miss mills to see me, that evening.
said mr. peggotty, feeling my shoulders.
he had no good-humour in his face, nor any openness of aspect left, but had become a secret, angry, dangerous man.
this man pursued miss havisham closely, and professed to be devoted to her.
i said, or tried to say, that i was much obliged to him for his recommendation no, my young friend!
and each of the men have one of the women assigned to them by the council of eugenics.
as one who has found them an unfailing delight, i venture to hope that our medical confrres may not be the only readers to enjoy their vivacity and charm.
the evil of cheap fiction is partly that it will be nothing but events, that only dust will be raised, no meaning found.
he perceived that not only the connexion of cause and effect, but all the propositions of arithmetic and geometry, are 'synthetic', i.e.
it was very likely that the men belonged to the custom house, he said quietly, and that they had no thought of us.
it should be observed that, while the conception of a regular appearance is perfectly precise, the conception of an irregular appearance is one capable of any degree of vagueness.
america has the prettiest native trees and shrubs in the world and it is true patriotism to recognize them.
he may wear his head or lose it, for any interest i have in him; it is all one to me.
i was turned over to him now, and when i saw him take his snuff and let the business go, i regretted my aunts thousand pounds more than ever.
it was like encountering an inhabitant of the fourth dimension of space, a being who was free from all one's own limitations.
id hold you under the pump, and choke it out of you.
when you were sitting by her, said i, you seemed to be no less her guardian angel than mine; and you seem so now, agnes.
from the cave we have advanced to roofs of palm leaves, of bark and boughs, of linen woven and stretched, of grass and straw, of boards and shingles, of stones and tiles.
they were to come on the morrow, and he would have the papers all drawn up.
i told her so, as she sat brooding after this outburst.
men never enter the uncharted forest, for there is no power to explore it and no path to lead among its ancient trees which stand as guards of fearful secrets.
he simply knew that he was always fighting.
we have oftentimes the honour to entertain your gentlemen in their travelling backwards and forwards betwixt london and paris, sir.
of all the men, the king reveals himself least readily.
there was a clock in the outer wall of this house.
then will you set about it at once, blacksmith?
in this it is supposed to differ from the mind of animals.
he had rolled a handkerchief round his head, and his face was set and lowering in his sleep.
this was his little housekeeper, his daughter agnes, mr. wickfield said.
i made bold to investigate the platform.
some of the boys about me put in their claim not to be forgotten in the distribution of the good things, as i got out of my seat with great alacrity.
why didnt you ever go to school, joe, when you were as little as me?
the senator's gaunt form began to grow dim and hazy, to tower before him and dance about, with figures of exports and imports.
he wore a great coat in mid-summer, being affected with the trembling delirium, and his face was the color of carmine.
mr. quinion lay at our house that night.
i delighted him by saying, most heartily, that the doctor was deserving of our best respect and highest esteem.
but a garden of goldenrod and asters would be somewhat dull from may to mid-august, and somewhat monotonous thereafter.
i looked up, quickly; being curious to know.
they aroused jurgis, and he sat up and listened crossly to the story.
thereupon, i had brought in all our hammers, one after another, but without avail.
now my husband had been writing until two o'clock the night before, so that he had not yet made preparation for his next hour.
the best preventive to this is to get denationalized early.
we need to be provoked,goaded like oxen, as we are, into a trot.
the people was just as good to me, and i should have gone from town to town, maybe the country through, but that i got news of her being seen among them swiss mountains yonder.
then with a veritable french trench-knife madame cut the potatoes into long strips.
then he turned to the cash register, and punched up five cents, and began to pull money out of the drawer.
sometimes you can see for yourself that what is said is not true.
it is the buffalo crossing the mississippi.
nor wars did men molest, when only beechen bowls were in request.
she unwrapped it and counted it out--thirty-four cents.
in the meanwhile, carton would wait alone by the fire for the doctor.
the divers and the other men of the crew have the wildest dreams of finding hoarded wealth.
an' so he set aunt polly to watch me--hic--an' now polly's off in the hospital havin' twins, an' me out raisin' cain!
my wind may fail me at any moment, and it aint likely that, to my own knowledge, id be self-interested under such circumstances.
a few pieces of fat pine were a great treasure.
as he looked at the fire, i thought i saw a cunning expression, followed by a half-laugh, come into his face.
professor watson, in his account of the acquisition of the language-habit, pays very little attention to the use of words in narrative and desire.
a good title, in a word, is true to the spirit as well as to the letter.
it is significant that in england today the civil jury is substantially confined to cases of defamation, malicious prosecution, assault and battery and breach of promise of marriage.
i looked up with a flush upon my face and remorse in my heart, but mr. mells eyes were fixed on steerforth.
it would not do for him to give any other name, either--they had company spotters for just that purpose, and he wouldn't keep a job in packingtown three days.
this was addressed confidentially to both of us, as the morsel of a hand came away from the face, and buried itself, arm and all, in the bag again.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
therefore all the data of the physical sciences are also psychological data.
a gentleman lounging, full dressed, on a sofa, with an opera-glass in his hand, passed before my view, and also my own figure at full length in a glass.
i did not pity the fishes nor the worms.
i was thinking of all that had been said.
if there are people so unreflecting or so cruel, as to make a jest of me, what is left for me to do but to make a jest of myself, them, and everything?
and not only it, but the institutions upon it, are plastic like clay in the hands of the potter.
and when he got home perhaps he would have to trudge several blocks, and come staggering back through the snowdrifts with a bag of coal upon his shoulder.
i dont know anything about it, said my aunt, shaking her head.
the act is undoubtedly in the mind; hence, when we are thinking of the act, we readily assent to the view that ideas must be in the mind.
tomorrow, in the full light of day, we shall take our box, and leave our tunnel open, and walk through the streets to the home of the scholars.
besides, said dora, putting back her hair, and looking wonderingly at my aunt and me, why shouldnt you both go?
these bare places were grown up with dingy, yellow weeds, hiding innumerable tomato cans; innumerable children played upon them, chasing one another here and there, screaming and fighting.
i had already bought the shanty of james collins, an irishman who worked on the fitchburg railroad, for boards.
i have said the map was the most of the plot.
indeed he does, and you know how truly; i know how ardent you are in any pursuit you follow, and how easily you can master it.
as he shook his heavy hand at me, with his mouth snarling like a tigers, i felt that it was true.
the first step toward a science of law is the making of distinctions between what comes within and what does not come within the legal meaning of a rule.
muzzled i have been since that half a minute when i was betrayed into lowness, muzzled i am at the present time, muzzled i ever will be.
he now slowly takes on the form of a true mosquito within his pupal skin or shell.
not a man of them, sir, would be bold enough to try it on, for love or money.
and mr. lincoln testified that during the past year the total of these tips, to the best knowledge and belief of his company, had exceeded two million three hundred thousand dollars.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
whoever camps for a week in summer by the shore of a pond, needs only bury a pail of water a few feet deep in the shade of his camp to be independent of the luxury of ice.
at present, there is, so far as i am aware, no good evidence that every difference between the knowledge possessed by a and that possessed by b is paralleled by some difference in their brains.
after a time, i tried in the dark both to get out, and to go back, but i could do neither until some streaks of day strayed in and showed me where to lay my hands.
i am cool now, said monsieur the marquis, and may go to bed.
the opening of the little door in the panelled wall made me start and turn.
in his two cabin rooms at the top of the house, which were fresh and airy, and in which mr.
a vague word is not to be identified with a general word, though in practice the distinction may often be blurred.
the strange thrill with which she heard him go back to that time, deepened as he dwelt upon it; but, there was nothing to shock her in the manner of his reference.
of the prospect of progress in philosophy, it would be rash to speak with confidence.
what is the student but a lover courting a fickle mistress who ever eludes his grasp?
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
if you do not charge anything for copies of this ebook, complying with the rules is very easy.
the treacherous lowland winter, with its coaxing suns followed by roaring desolation, is for blooms bred in a different tradition.
those were not tears all of agony that wetted his young mother's cheek, as the spirit departed from her embrace that had been entrusted to it.
this was piece-work, of course; and besides it was made certain that the boy did not idle, by setting the machine to match the highest possible speed of human hands.
decidedly so, mister copperfield, replied uriah.
but when the classification and the assignment had been made the law was to keep him there.
we said nothing of emily by name, but distantly referred to her more than once.
it was in truth a never-ending delight, the fixing up of this house.
i have begun to think i was not fit to be a wife.
and they chose to perish, for they knew.
labor, attracted by the flaring posters, drifted into the bureau's offices in lockport and immediately was assigned to farms; and hundreds of laborers whom peet never saw also came.
but it is not the less necessary for this; for the people must have some complicated machinery or other, and hear its din, to satisfy that idea of government which they have.
it is satisfied--the world's response to germany's insolent challenge is the proof of it--that its pains have been well bestowed.
so you are now going to london, david, with mr. quinion, to begin the world on your own account.
to which i replied, after a long interval of reflection, i dont know.
it was a time when everything cried out to them that they ought to be happy; when wonder burned in their hearts, and leaped into flame at the slightest breath.
he had prepared a collation for me in the barnwell parlor, and he too ordered his shopman to come out of the gangway as my sacred person passed.
polonaise--delicately colored antique silk rug.
they leapt to their feet, they ran from the table, and they stood pressed against the wall, huddled together, seeking the warmth of one anothers bodies to give them courage.
i am normally nervous, and there are three or four things that have power to terrify me.
peggotty, i said in a thoughtful whisper, one evening, when i was warming my hands at the kitchen fire, mr. murdstone likes me less than he used to.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
i confess i am of mrs. waterbrooks opinion, said mr. waterbrook, with his wine-glass at his eye.
she wanders about in the night, and then lays hands on such food as she takes.
we said: the council does not know of this hole, so it cannot be forbidden.
miss havisham motioning to me for the third or fourth time to sit down, i took the chair by the dressing-table, which i had often seen her occupy.
we may also have knowledge of the form without having knowledge of the constituents.
the climate affected his dye; it did very well in russia, but it was no go here.
and like the carolian exemplar is the disciple.
but if this is the reason, the law should simply require restitution in case of non-performance.
every minute the balance is weighing, casting her stern high in the air.
the marquis took from his pocket the letter i had written, showed it me, burnt it in the light of a lantern that was held, and extinguished the ashes with his foot.
how could we know when you would return?
property owners and city councils seem to be afraid that the value of property will be brought down if any sanitation scandal is advertised.
a stone at the top of a hill may start rolling, but it shows no pertinacity in trying to get to the bottom.
there was more window than wall upon its walls, and the windows went on straight around the corners, though how this kept the house standing we could not guess.
she was sitting on the ground, with her head and one arm lying on a chair.
the ornamented grounds of villas which will one day be built here may still preserve some trace of this.
every one of these lines of attack raises vital and interesting problems.
ill beat the shivers so far, ill bet you.
the time so melted away, that our early dinner-hour drew close at hand, and estella left us to prepare herself.
as i had no occasion for her services, i sent her to bed, by no means against her will, and sat down before the kitchen fire a little while, to think about all this.
there was a hurry, too, in all his thoughts, a turbulent and heated working of his heart, that contended against resignation.
prince alphabet turned topsy-turvy, i call him, for his names got all the letters in it, higgledy-piggledy.
and many are the times i've seen the slim shade of young jim hawkins come running out.
there are orators, politicians, and eloquent men, by the thousand; but the speaker has not yet opened his mouth to speak who is capable of settling the much-vexed questions of the day.
who that has once met falstaff forgets the roaring, jolly old knave?
when the tea-table was done with, they all moved to one of the windows, and looked out into the heavy twilight.
there comes the darkest part of proviss life.
i know of no material the spoiling of which gives so much artistic pleasure--except perhaps snow.
i have seen it displayed with such success, that i have encountered some fine ladies and gentlemen who might as well have been born caterpillars.
i shall return to the former presently; it is the latter that i wish to discuss now.
and what is the message to the unfortunate gabelle in prison?
the easiest relations to apprehend are those which hold between the different parts of a single complex sense-datum.
in france, which is an enlightened country enjoying the benefits of the revolution and a public examination in rhetoric, historians are expected to write in a single and classical style of french.
you said something to me, said doctor manette, breaking into a smile.
the fads and foibles of humanity can be good-naturedly exposed in humorous articles that have no sting.
very happy indeed, thank you, aunt, i said.
if i ever could reproach her with her infamous condition, i would go anywhere to do so.
whether he could rush to the next assizes, and proclaim himself a lawyer?
this was done with the grocery curve, and its future extension indicated that not more than three months later the grocery house would need about four more five-ton motor trucks.
but to them we must observe, that they know so little of the subject of diplomacy that their opinion is of no sort of consequence.
for the women there were waiting big two-horse wagons, which set off at a gallop as fast as they were filled.
he was enslaved by his birth, by his kin, by his race.
sydney carton, idlest and most unpromising of men, was stryver's great ally.
now, to the prisoner's conversation, miss manette.
and thats a reason why you want relief and change--excitement and all that?
he went back to the yards, and into the workroom.
we are through the village, up the hill, and down the hill, and on the low watery grounds.
there are all stages of being out of work in packingtown, and he faced in dread the prospect of reaching the lowest.
they asked me a good many questions; as, what my name was, how old i was, where i lived, how i was employed, and how i came there.
the card catalogue will contain a card for each book in the library: if you know the title, look for it.
whatever possessed that poor unfortunate baby, that she must go and be married again, said my aunt, when i had finished, i cant conceive.
he got a federal department of labor man to help him.
but, when the place was left behind, and especially when steerforth and i were happily seated over our dinner by a blazing fire, it was delicious to think of having been there.
the rush of the daylight quite confounded me, and made me feel as if i had been in the candlelight of the strange room many hours.
we have built for this world a family mansion, and for the next a family tomb.
although lawyers went on repeating the old formula, the law began to move in another direction.
he dismissed her, and she glided out of the room.
they prove, rather, that greek belief that the great crashes are preceded by a louder merriment and a wilder gaiety.
for, i had a strange and strong misgiving that i had been lying there a long timea day and a night,two days and nights,more.
her soul cried out in the words of faust, stay, thou art fair!
the other point is more interesting, and of more philosophical importance.
it is impossible to argue against what professes to be insight, so long as it does not argue in its own favour.
children, who play life, discern its true law and relations more clearly than men, who fail to live it worthily, but who think that they are wiser by experience, that is, by failure.
what has been said now is merely by way of reminder that this is their most notable characteristic.
a negro can see the difference between one negro and another one is his friend, another his enemy.
not a bit of it, returned wemmick, growing bolder and bolder.
four features of this movement are noteworthy.
one day i was informed by mr. mell that mr. creakle would be home that evening.
sight and hearing are the most public of the senses; smell only a trifle less so; touch, again, a trifle less, since two people can only touch the same spot successively, not simultaneously.
no session of the court is without its little group of social investigators, among whom the women are in the majority.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
what a different sunday morning from the old sunday morning at yarmouth!
to determine what his purpose is the writer must consult the subject itself, his own personality, and the reader.
it is better for mankind to be impressionable than reflective.
why need you tell me what i have not asked?
down banks and up banks, and over gates, and splashing into dikes, and breaking among coarse rushes: no man cared where he went.
jurgis heard of these things little by little, in the gossip of those who were obliged to perpetrate them.
never did the moon rise with a milder radiance over great london, than on that night when it found them still seated under the tree, and shone upon their faces through its leaves.
i said i was very well, and hoped he was.
i have in my minds eye the western indented with deep bays, the bolder northern, and the beautifully scalloped southern shore, where successive capes overlap each other and suggest unexplored coves between.
it is only two wooden lines fashioned from tree-logs adzed roughly flat on the upper side, well greased, and laid promiscuously and roughly parallel on the ground.
like yourself, in the candour of your nature, she returned; and therefore i would write to those two ladies.
i went back, after parting from you, to speak to her, but she was gone.
what we have said tonight is never to be said more.
i have already observed that i dont know how this desperate idea came into my brain.
i think theer is something i could wish said or wrote.
miss mills must have been born to be a blessing to us.
i sat beside her on the window-seat, and we talked of what i was doing, and when it would be done, and of the progress i had made since my last visit.
the best feature of the handling of this publication is that it costs neither bureau nor members a cent.
she welcomes the frequent change of occupation in her new position.
he had made the astonishing discovery that his wife had a mind!
this unhappy boy, miss trotwood, has been the occasion of much domestic trouble and uneasiness; both during the lifetime of my late dear wife, and since.
it was not their fault if carl actually practiced what they merely preached.
the next day, however, when no harm came of it and juozapas began to cry with hunger, she gave in and said that he might go again.
that is not so easy, but you will learn the wrist motion in time.
it was not so much within doors as behind a door where i sat, even in the rainiest weather.
both her hearers derived a horrible enjoyment from the deadly nature of her wrath--the listener could feel how white she was, without seeing her--and both highly commended it.
meanwhile, said the marquis, i will preserve the honour and repose of the family, if you will not.
i--i really have got an appointment at the bank.
i am frightfully confused regarding time and place; but i am so far mended as to feel that.
i sometimes despair of getting anything quite simple and honest done in this world by the help of men.
let us keep our pity for the seething mass of divines who were not elegantly verbose, and had no fun or glory while they lasted.
under those circumstances even, i do not offer my testimony.
it may be there, close by, disregarded, invisible, quite at hand.
and do not try to wrench a moral from everything.
it is therefore important to consider what kinds of things there are with which we have acquaintance.
so we fell into other talk, and it was principally about the way by which we were travelling, and about what parts of london lay on this side of it, and what on that.
so we sit under the earth and we read the stolen scripts.
if a pretext to get him away could be made out of that other convict, or out of anything else in his life, now.
another form finds some ultimate social fact by observation and develops the logical implications of that fact much after the manner of the metaphysical jurist.
i never had the happiness of seeing my father, i observed.
they always work in the same places, we answered, and no one will take this road away from us.
i assented to this proposal, in default of being able to suggest anything else.
in the past we have had eight distributors with fifteen wagons handling the milk supplied from fifty dairy farms.
this function, at least, philosophy can perform.
the sleeping halls are white and clean and bare of all things save one hundred beds.
not so mama, said annie; but i make him what he was.
now, i ask you, you blundering booby, said my guardian, very sternly, once more and for the last time, what the man you have brought here is prepared to swear?
it was like the last feeble echo of a sound made long and long ago.
there was more laughter at this, and mr. quinion said he would ring the bell for some sherry in which to drink to brooks.
returned miss mowcher, stopping to slap his cheek.
in that case, although a operates as a sign, it operates without the help of consciousness.
no, my dear master copperfield, said she, far be it from my thoughts!
i could do nothing but comply, and i entered it in silence.
but even as a little child she felt the church was an agency for helping people to more of life's abundance, and she wanted to help.
never be one of those, trotwood, in anything.
in the other cases you would determine the conditions in general that you confronted, would answer the questions: what is the value of a hollow-tile silo?
so at last began the evening paper at la force.
you know what my position is, and always has been, here.
i acknowledged his attention incoherently, and began to think this was a dream.
standing, as it were, apart with her on the edge of his grave, not all the staring curiosity that looked on, could, for the moment, nerve him to remain quite still.
--as you was so good as to say that, resumed the young man, why i turned to with a will, you see.
those two should pull a pair of oars, we settled, and i would steer; our charge would be sitter, and keep quiet; as speed was not our object, we should make way enough.
if it had been my eyes, what should i have done?
descent holds often, apparently, a guiding rein in directing a character into its life-problem.
i couldn't pay mine room rent-- jurgis interrupted her with an oath of rage.
you may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poor-house.
it was published in the november number of a magazine, at a time when children were beginning to think about making christmas presents.
we are outnumbered since the land was opened up and a mass of 'sooners,' as we call them--squatters, claimers, settlers--swarmed in over our borders.
he is very simple; is he not a little dangerous?
are you sure you dont think, sometimes, it would have been better to have-- done what, my dear?
the forelady had to come up to a certain standard herself, and could not stop for sick people, jadvyga explained.
giving this citizen, too, good night, as he confronted him at his counter, he laid the scrap of paper before him.
my aunts old disappointment is set right, now.
there was some company in the room, and estella said to me as she joined it, you are to go and stand there boy, till you are wanted.
the objections which have been brought against a standing army, and they are many and weighty, and deserve to prevail, may also at last be brought against a standing government.
he came here a-fishing, and used an old log canoe which he found on the shore.
he flung up his hands with a gesture of despair and turned and started away.
let me see you ride a donkey over my green again, and as sure as you have a head upon your shoulders, ill knock your bonnet off, and tread upon it!
its a young woman, sir--a young woman, that emly knowed once, and doent ought to know no more.
he would stop at a grocery and offer them.
his curve included factors like increase in stuff that had been hauled during the past three years and additions to the motor equipment.
nothing could be objected against his surname, littimer, by which he was known.
he sat in a big arm-chair, with his legs crossed, and his head so far in the shadow that one saw only two glowing lights, reflected from the fire on the hearth.
and yet when he went from here (i may say with my blessing), and i spread afore him my humble store, like the bee, he was as plump as a peach!
her eyes gleamed like fire as she confronted his mother, and broke into a frightful laugh.
bodily sensations can be brought into a correlation by physiology, and thus take their place ultimately among sources of knowledge of the physical world.
but that only means that our generalization has been subsumed under a wider generalization, for which the evidence is still of the same kind, though more extensive.
this is evident as soon as it is understood, but it is not so evident as that a particular rose which we see cannot be both red and not red.
and sergeant reilly obliged with a reel--in his socks--to an accomplishment of whistling and handclapping.
then write another of the same man who has ignominiously failed to meet expectations and who has come back to his home town with a ruined reputation.
shes going to stay for a fortnight with mrs. grayper.
it was hours before the excitement could be calmed; and all through that cruel night jurgis would wake up now and then and hear ona and her stepmother in the next room, sobbing softly to themselves.
i am afraid of it, she answered, shuddering.
one year i went across the middle only five days before it disappeared entirely.
is the beginning an integral part of the article?
patrick henry aimed primarily to rouse to vigorous action.
that some risk of error remains must be admitted, since human beings are fallible.
dora glanced wistfully at the clock, and hinted that she thought it was too fast.
i say, growled mr. barkis, it was all right.
it was a bitter and cruel experience, and it plunged them into an agony of despair.
it was barren and wild when we received it seventy years ago.
and yet a great specializing generalist may arise, who can tell?
sensations, however, as they die away, grow gradually fainter; thus the sensation due to a stimulus which is recently past is not exactly like the sensation due to a present stimulus.
dusk the wretched wife of the innocent man thus doomed to die, fell under the sentence, as if she had been mortally stricken.
he was crippled--he was as literally crippled as any wild animal which has lost its claws, or been torn out of its shell.
that is because you are good; not because i am!
i turned upon him, and asked him how he dared refer to me!
maine, early history of institutions (american ed.
broadly speaking, physics group particulars by their active places, psychology by their passive places.
he told me, when i shook hands with him, that he was proud to be noticed by me, and that he really felt obliged to me for my condescension.
a bottle of good claret after dinner does a digger in the red coals no harm, otherwise than as it has a tendency to throw him out of work.
he professed himself more relieved and encouraged than he really was, and approached his second and last point.
within a few minutes, miss pross stood whispering at his side.
anyhow, my dear handel, said he presently, soldiering wont do.
yes, he said; at different times of the night, three.
i wish we could encourage on this continent among our best students the habit of wandering.
so lately, that i should think they had been waiting for that.
in clear weather, in summer, they appear blue at a little distance, especially if agitated, and at a great distance all appear alike.
i shall be ready in a quarter of an hour.
i mention this in this place, of a fixed purpose, because it is the clew by which i am to be followed into my poor labyrinth.
there was no choice then but to go to a lodging-house and spend another dime.
the immediately given world is spatial, and is further not wholly contained within our own bodies.
i comprehended, at once, that my aunt was right; and i comprehended the full extent of her generous feeling towards my dear wife.
of course you have seen him then?why are you looking at that dark tree in the lane?
and if you keep it under your skirts like that, whos to help tumbling?
there seems to be something hypnotic about this, with its endlessly recurring dominant.
before he went away, he breathed a blessing towards it, and a farewell.
the length of stroke must be kept long enough for the movement of the piston to knock over the valve.
we no longer decorate important bridges with the heads of criminals set on pikes, as our ancestors did, nor do we burn supposed witches.
but the wistful little boy kept insisting that there must be such an animal or mrs. cronan wouldn't say so.
make such a list and then examine its foundations.
on my turning round, they all looked at me with the utmost contempt, and, as i went out, i heard sarah pocket say, well i am sure!
the length of an article is determined by two considerations: the scope of the subject, and the policy of the publication for which it is intended.
but please let me have it, said dora, in her coaxing way, if you can!
then i began to pity myself, and i saw that it would be a greater charity to bestow on me a flannel shirt than a whole slop-shop on him.
by courtesy of the publishers, d. appleton & co., new york city.
we had no wish to write such a question, and we knew not what we were doing till we had written it.
she will be rejoiced, copperfield, to renew her acquaintance with one who has proved himself in all respects a worthy minister at the sacred altar of friendship.
the blow, which had no aim, fell upon the air.
they had not learned the nobler dialects of greece and rome, but the very materials on which they were written were waste paper to them, and they prized instead a cheap contemporary literature.
this was the article in which he gave the statistics of norwalk's health rate in comparison with other connecticut towns.
the first of these dealt with american history, the second with thrift and business methods, and the third with personal hygiene.
and the same holds for other logical principles.
the first time i passed mill pond bank, herbert and i were pulling a pair of oars; and, both in going and returning, we saw the blind towards the east come down.
finally wellington smith, of the near-by town of lee, massachusetts, was persuaded to try it.
this pioneer voyage, however, was then looked upon more as a novelty than as the inception of a new method of long-distance travel.
further, we know the truth 'i am acquainted with this sense-datum'.
did i tell you as i was tried, alone, for misdemeanor, while with compeyson?
mr. lorry was there, and doctor manette was there.
i am not squeamish in such cases when manners are concerned.
it is defarge whom you see here, who, at the hazard of his life, darted out before the horses, with the petition in his hand.
i prepared peggotty for steerforths arrival and it was not long before he came.
but i would like this life which moves and yearns in me, to be able itself to attain to comeliness, though but in transitory performance.
for i began to be sensible of acute pains in my limbs from lying out in the fields, and was now so tired and low that i could hardly keep myself awake for five minutes together.
they went through the blast furnaces, through rolling mills where bars of steel were tossed about and chopped like bits of cheese.
but judicial evasion and warping of the law, in order to secure in practice a freedom of judicial action not conceded in theory, is certainly one cause.
the problem arises through the fact that such knowledge is general, whereas all experience is particular.
professor michael s. hart was the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
if people are so silly as to indulge the sentiment, is it my fault?
in a moment or two she reached the ground, angry and breathless, and they heard her coming into the room.
how (it may be asked) can any part of the conduct of a member of society be a matter of indifference to the other members?
nevertheless, we will not forget that some egyptian wheat was handed down to us by a mummy.
she paused a moment, then added: we were too ignorant--that was the trouble.
do you want the rest of the children workin' ten hours a day too?
in those volumes one finds a surprising number of vigorous, distinguished papers on politics, philosophy, science, even on literature and art.
when these accidents do not obtain, the reader's understanding will be most easily won at the beginning and the end.
i have no hope, said mr. lorry, in a low and sorrowful whisper.
one value even of the smallest well is, that when you look into it you see that earth is not continent but insular.
we shall ... but we don't wish to make any one envious of the good time that is coming to us ... we look forward to a disreputable, vigorous, unhonored and disorderly old age.
his figure was a little ungainly, as in the days when my knuckles had taken such liberties with it, but it looked as if it would always be light and young.
he would confuse them occasionally on so short acquaintance, but a college examiner would give him a passing grade.
he sleeps in your old room, said agnes, looking up into my face.
in frequent cases the father has not considered the limitations and opportunities in the occupation which he chooses for his son.
at first she thought he was out of his mind, and it was hours before she could really feel certain that he was himself.
once more, the two spectators started, as he turned upon her with a frightful suddenness.
he then folded it up with great care, pressed it smooth between his two hands, put it in his pocket, and seemed to put my aunt away with it.
in no kind of writing is there a greater tendency to fritter off into related subjects which are still not exactly the one in hand.
to say the truth, we were getting in no very good odour among the tip-top proctors, and were rapidly sliding down to but a doubtful position.
he has given us a conventional sign or symbol for his idea.
in order to show that these experiences are characteristic, the writer may find it advantageous to introduce facts and figures tending to prove that his own case is not an isolated example.
the glass itself is known by means of the sense of touch.
and from observing that the women-servants who were about the place came out to look and giggle at me as a young phenomenon.
i am told there are people who do not care for maps, and find it hard to believe.
your fishing-rod gets rayther rusty; don't it, father?
then also let every stroke get well away.
i never thought of anything about myself, distinctly.
now, said she, imperiously, without glancing at him, and touching the old wound as it throbbed: perhaps, in this instance, with pleasure rather than pain.
id be a match for all noodles and all rogues, returned my sister, beginning to work herself into a mighty rage.
to which type does this article conform?
similar questions, with similar answers, continue.
when i awoke, the wind had risen, and the sign of the house (the ship) was creaking and banging about, with noises that startled me.
he cannot ask to be secured in such an unfounded expectation.
as he took a chair himself, he supplied the link that mr. lorry wanted, by saying to him with a frown, witness at that trial.
the children from the school building trooped in.
i was that child, my father, i was not half so good, but in my love that was i.
their rle has not been critical or creative but explanatory.
o, those people with miss havisham, and the tortures they undergo!
they would have had three times that, but it had gone to court, and the judge had decided against them, and it had cost the balance to get him to change his decision.
all transitive verbs involve the notion of cause as activity, and would have to be replaced by some cumbrous periphrasis before this notion could be eliminated.
they were like rats in a trap, that was the truth; and more of them were piling in every day.
said uriah, stretching out his neck, and shading his ear with his hand.
to a person who knew several cattle-merchants, but had never seen a cow, this might seem an admirable definition.
thats no question as it stands, you know.
there were lounging chairs and sofas, window seats covered with soft cushions of fantastic designs; there was one corner fitted in persian fashion, with a huge canopy and a jeweled lamp beneath.
thus the difficulty, if it exists, has at least not been rightly stated.
what they have done with them since; whether they have lost many, or whether they sell any, now and then, to the butter shops; i dont know.
either of these solutions will meet the difficulties in the form in which zeno raised them.
dinner done and we sitting with our feet upon the fender, i said to herbert, my dear herbert, i have something very particular to tell you.
the messenger that brought it, said would you be so good as read it by my lantern?
mr. pocket did not object to this arrangement, but urged that before any step could possibly be taken in it, it must be submitted to my guardian.
to mr. sears and his assistants--and they have become very proficient at it--is left the task of vocational guidance, within such limitations as those of time and equipment.
brief as such companionship was in every separate instance, mr. cruncher never failed to become so interested in the lady as to express a strong desire to have the honour of drinking her very good health.
its quite a story, and shall be saved till dinner-time.
indeed, i recollect his speaking, at that time, of a pupil younger than himself who had taken his fancy there; but your name, as you may suppose, has not lived in my memory.
it was an accounting for the evening's expenditures--totaling exactly ten francs and fifty centimes.
[then hold your tongue, for the lords sake, and dont mention it any more!
in a short theme you will often be able to scan the subject itself, to estimate your own reaction to the subject, and to determine upon your reader with remarkable quickness.
mr. lorry glanced at the work in his hand, and observed that it was a shoe of the old size and shape.
but even the severest scrutiny will allow some additions to this slender stock.
of course the vital heat is not to be confounded with fire; but so much for analogy.
and my terror was greatest of all when i found no figure there.
or, if they flop, their floppings goes in favour of more patients, and how can you rightly have one without t'other?
as the wild duck is more swift and beautiful than the tame, so is the wildthe mallardthought, which mid falling dews wings its way above the fens.
he had fully comprehended that no personal influence could possibly save him, that he was virtually sentenced by the millions, and that units could avail him nothing.
they find it upon scraps of old manuscripts or cut into the fragments of ancient stones.
when form and intention concurred the promisor must answer for what he undertook.
i am sorry because i believe there is contamination in such a scoundrel.
a very foggy night, with great rings round the lamps in the streets!
i always observed that their pride bitterly resented the younger brother's (as i call him) having crossed swords with a peasant, and that peasant a boy.
to the senator this unique arrangement had somehow become identified with the higher verities of the universe.
he had the character, among the gentlefolks, of being such a well-behaved man, that they were determined to bring him in.
my dear mr. copperfield, mr. micawbers is not a common case.
we found the air as carefully excluded from both, as if air were fatal to life; and there were more dirty clothes and bandboxes under the beds than i should have thought the family possessed.
i was surprised, when i came within sight of our office-door, to see the ticket-porters standing outside talking together, and some half-dozen stragglers gazing at the windows which were shut up.
in a sense this is true, and in a sense it is effected in the course of analysis.
we now know that a rise in the death rate from these diseases is to be laid rather to the sins of omission on the part of the board of health and the public works department.
i should be somewhat ashamed of myself, clara, returned miss murdstone, if i could not understand the boy, or any boy.
cried joe, falling back in the greatest amazement.
it is quite likely that, if we knew more about animal bodies, we could deduce all their movements from the laws of chemistry and physics.
i answered, more in shyness than politeness, after you, miss.
both guns are counted upon as valuable additions to the equipment of our overseas forces.
they cant be born, unless its pretty nigh in--not properly born, till flood.
marble, paint, and language, the pen, the needle, and the brush, all have their grossnesses, their ineffable impotences, their hours, if i may so express myself, of insubordination.
they backed away, as if they dared not touch us.
hitherto my garden, up here in the mountains where the frosts come early and we cannot have anemone, japonica, or chrysanthemums, has generally been a melancholy spectacle after the middle of september.
i see the boys lying asleep between shifts, their enormous straw hats covering their faces as they sprawl.
i am going out for a ride in the saddle.
moreover, in the field of literature and the arts we often find great difficulty in surmounting the cast of our individual minds; we like certain types and are unconsciously led to condemn all others.
mr. quinion, with his hands in his pockets, stood looking out of window; and i stood looking at them all.
mrs. micawber went on to say, still with the same air of putting a case lucidly.
our brother franciss child, remarked miss clarissa.
the dualism is not primarily as to the stuff of the world, but as to causal laws.
i half expected to see him drop down before my face and die of deadly cold.
of my darling being almost smothered among the flowers, and coming out, laughing and crying both together, to my jealous arms.
to any one in holy orders he habitually listened with a grace and charming deference.
the detective then inquired for the various gowns which the woman had worn for dress occasions within the preceding several weeks.
the people rudely pictured as drinking in the wine-shops, croaked over their scanty measures of thin wine and beer, and were gloweringly confidential together.
it is interesting to remember how much of this food for fire is still concealed in the bowels of the earth.
i keep my own little room, said agnes, where i used to learn my lessons.
it seemed to me that he took all blows and buffets now with just the same air as he had taken mine then.
i think the romans must have aggravated one another very much, with their noses.
she whispered something, as she asked was that enough?
my dear, said mr. micawber, leading her towards me, here is a gentleman of the name of copperfield, who wishes to renew his acquaintance with you.
they spoke in such a tone as they would have used if they had been watching by a sick-bed in the night.
my spirits infallibly rise in proportion to the outward dreariness.
yelling is not excluded; it is merely denied the first place.
we babied him abominably--he was, for two years, the only subject we had for such malpractice.
the young fellow continued after a pause.
it was the money left me, and the gains of the first few year wot i sent home to mr. jaggersall for youwhen he first come arter you, agreeable to my letter.
the effectiveness of the expression may often be strengthened by the addition of specific, picture-making, imitative, and connotative words, as well as of figures of speech that clarify the ideas and stimulate the imagination.
the name menschikoff, for instance, has nothing in it to my ears more human than a whisker, and it may belong to a rat.
if a person has ability, will not the world learn it?
the savannah did not return to the states directly from england.
it is not my fault that so unusual an occurrence has taken place tonight.
god bless you for your sweet compassion!
this unhappy boy who has run away from his friends and his occupation-- and whose appearance, interposed his sister, directing general attention to me in my indefinable costume, is perfectly scandalous and disgraceful.
updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will be renamed.
the footnotes are, of course, his own.
a bailee undertakes to restore to the bailor the very thing bailed, although it may be in a changed form, while the buyer is to pay money to the seller for the subject-matter of their contract.
the girl reclining on the bed grew snappy.
the fire had not then burnt unusually low, nor was the snuff of the candle very long; the candle, however, had been blown out.
i see him now, going away in custody, despised by the congregation.
they were too stylish and my rooms appeared from the outside to be so brilliantly lighted that they thought i intended to sell liquor.
he who chooses his plan for himself, employs all his faculties.
in other words, the judicial function and the legislative function run into one another.
but this profit, because of expansion, has immediately been invested in new equipment.
with such a snarl at him, that mr. chillip absolutely could not bear it.
i told him when i had arrived, and how miss havisham had wished me to come and see estella.
i hope that gentleman will take warning, sir, and will not be offended at my freedom.
steerforth said there was nothing of the sneak in traddles, and we all felt that to be the highest praise.
brennan's resource, therefore, was to treat his gyroscope as a top.
these under-water craft are only a part of the equipment that bernard meeker, a young englishman, has provided to help him in his search for the lost city.
there had been a wind all day; and it was rising then, with an extraordinary great sound.
there are five-and-twenty guineas in this bag.
why, in the name of heaven, where do you naturally belong?
dont be alarmed, said i. theres nothing to be afraid of.
then suddenly madame haupt turned to aniele.
it was bitterly cold, and a heavy snow was falling, beating into his face.
in connection with vagueness in memory, we already had occasion to consider the definition of accuracy.
mr. jaggers was for her, pursued wemmick, with a look full of meaning, and worked the case in a way quite astonishing.
his touch still lingered on her father's hand.
jurgis demanded, gripping it tightly in his pocket.
possibly we may withdraw from it, but never change its nature.
so a question put to us at the beginning of an article piques our curiosity, and we are not content until we find out how the writer answers it.
never, said my aunt, be mean in anything; never be false; never be cruel.
why, though i am a lawyer, master copperfield, he replied, with a dry grin, i mean, just at present, what i say.
does the personality merely receive the events, or does it master chance?
involved sentences that require a second perusal before they yield their meaning, are clearly not adapted to the newspaper or magazine.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
how is it that this hideous, half-brute city is also beautiful and a fit habitation for demi-gods?
i had bestowed my passionate tenderness upon another object; and what i might have done, i had not done; and what agnes was to me, i and her own noble heart had made her.
the frightened women were at their wits' end; one after another they tried to reason with him, to make him understand that this was the lot of woman.
your eyes are as a flame, but our brothers have neither hope nor fire.
but such writing would miss the chance of power, would be forever less valuable than it ought to be, for a great warming of the heart answers those footfalls in london streets.
they recognize that within the bounds fixed each case is to a certain extent unique.
a service wagon saves steps between kitchen and dining-room.
it is almost an evergreen and is a quick growing tree.
it was a curious place, indeed; but remarkably well kept and clean.
for the love of heaven, of justice, of generosity, of the honour of your noble name, i supplicate you, monsieur heretofore the marquis, to succour and release me.
and in this belief we are usually justified.
i asked leave to-- he lapsed away, even for minutes, ringing those measured changes on his hands the whole time.
i looked into the room still belonging to agnes, and saw her sitting by the fire, at a pretty old-fashioned desk she had, writing.
thus between any two fractions, however little they differ, there are an infinite number of other fractions.
i feel my troubles, and they make me contrary.
it was a comfort to shake hands upon it, and walk up and down again, with only that done.
the first serious attempt to establish idealism on such grounds was that of bishop berkeley.
this ducking was the very thing he needed.
(this is obvious, because if all men are mortal, so is socrates; but if socrates is mortal, it does not follow that all men are mortal.)
i tried to be a boy again just for that night.
irish, therefore, i decided he should be, and then, all of a sudden, i was aware of a tall shadow across my path, the shadow of barry lyndon.
he likes to deck out his little person in splendor and fine colors.
a moment, and i occupy my place in the cathedral, where we all went together, every sunday morning, assembling first at school for that purpose.
we never should have heard of the letter at all, i believe, unless i had asked for it myself.
the difficulty then was, to induce men of strong bodies or minds to pay obedience to any rules which required them to control their impulses.
such would have been our life, had we not committed our crime which changed all things for us.
archibald constable & co., ltd., london, publishers.
you are always equally loved, and cherished in my heart.
you must guard against the danger, in such writing, of allowing the interest to cloud the truth, of being led into inaccurate partial statements by your desire to please.
it was a prettily furnished room, with a piano and some lively furniture in red and green, and some flowers.
he went--he went out to play, marija sobbed, her voice choking her.
mrs. field smiled across the dining table at her guest.
no other attendant than the housekeeper appeared.
i heard that he went to a dentists in london on the monday morning, and had a tooth out.
give me, said joe, a good book, or a good newspaper, and sit me down afore a good fire, and i ask no better.
the memoir appears to have been written primarily for them.
if you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of project gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
columbus felt the westward tendency more strongly than any before.
when we passed through hammersmith, i showed her where mr. matthew pocket lived, and said it was no great way from richmond, and that i hoped i should see her sometimes.
mr. copperfield, i believe, said the sister who had got my letter, addressing herself to traddles.
at first, a misgiving crossed me that wemmick would be instantly dismissed from his employment; but it melted as i saw mr. jaggers relax into something like a smile, and wemmick become bolder.
in order to simplify our problem as much as possible, let us imagine a tiny speck of light moving along a scale.
it was then about high-water,half-past eight.
he holds the same relation towards numbers of people, and it might easily arise.
perhaps its a good thing, traddles, said i, to have an unsound hobby ridden hard; for its the sooner ridden to death.
but they were far-off and shadowy, and the gulf between them was black and bottomless; they would fade away into the mists of the past once more.
with individuals and voluntary associations, on the contrary, there are varied experiments, and endless diversity of experience.
as soon as i arrived, i sent a penitential codfish and barrel of oysters to joe (as reparation for not having gone myself), and then went on to barnards inn.
but all things once learnt are easily recoverable, and i very soon recovered the swing and power of the mower.
the sweaters are brown or green, and there is a soft hat for winter and a large shade hat for summer.
she gratefully thanked him but remained inexorable.
for example, when mrs. steerforth observed, more in jest than earnest, that she feared her son led but a wild life at college, miss dartle put in thus: oh, really?
during this time i have been tempted many times to go to fields where national fame and a larger salary awaited those who won.
we neither of us said anything for a little while.
the two stand in the fast-thinning throng of victims, but they speak as if they were alone.
equity uses its powers of individualizing to the best advantage in connection with the conduct of those in whom trust and confidence have been reposed.
he had long ago bought a potters wheel of him, and wished to know what had become of him.
steerforth, who was in great spirits, had been strolling about the beach before i was up, and had made acquaintance, he said, with half the boatmen in the place.
then an official steps forward with a mallet and chisel.
in the morning an interpreter was found, and they were taken and put upon a car, and taught a new word--stockyards.
miss lucie looks ill, mr. darnay has had a terrible day, we are worn out.
then the bell rings and we walk in a straight column to one of the city halls, for the social meeting.
a circle around words or figures ----------- ------- spelled out indicates that they are to be abbreviated or that numerical figures are to be used; thus, prof. a.b.
my aunt was so exasperated by the coolness with which miss murdstone looked about her, that i really believe she was motionless, and unable for the moment to dart out according to custom.
and couldnt she ask uncle pumblechook if he knew of a boy to go and play there?
your husband is not my business here, returned madame defarge, looking down at her with perfect composure.
do you feel, yet, that you belong to this terrestrial scheme again, mr. darnay?
[c] criticism of o. henry falls into those superlatives and antitheses in which his own faculty delighted.
he goes to the mill-pond, she to her preserve-pot.
of my making a speech in the same dreamy fashion, without having an idea of what i want to say, beyond such as may be comprehended in the full conviction that i havent said it.
the reports of the interstate commerce commission, like those of state railroad commissions, contain interesting material on various phases of transportation.
this new denunciation will certainly not take place until after to-morrow; probably not until two or three days afterwards; more probably a week afterwards.
there is but one way to obtain it, yet few take that way.
she kept me there all day, and left me alone sometimes; and i cried, and wore myself to sleep, and awoke and cried again.
a negative fact is not sensible, and language, being intended for communication, has to be sensible.
this world is given to those whom this world can trust.
were it carried out consistently it might be regarded as, on the whole, serving a useful purpose.
at other times, i passed on farther away,--from city to city, seeking i know not what, and trying to leave i know not what behind.
the last you see on him--the very last--will you give him the lovingest duty and thanks of the orphan, as he was ever more than a father to?
he started for the ladder--and aniele seized him by the arm.
one looks upon the woods with a new interest when he suspects they hold a colony of bees.
the little flame recovers, and merely looks at its foe the darkness, and back to its own place goes the old enemy of light and man.
after the understanding, sometimes before, must be considered the emotions.
receiving this as an intimation that it was best not to delay, i settled that i would go to-morrow, and said so.
it neglects the size of the penny, and it assumes that we can remove the penny without being disturbed by any simultaneous changes in the positions of other things.
nature has from the first expanded the minute blossoms of the forest only toward the heavens, above mens heads and unobserved by them.
he spent a week meditating whether or not he should also buy an overcoat.
poverty parted us, and she knows nothing of my fate--for i cannot write--and if i could, how should i tell her!
it is something at once more intimate with us and more universal than any other work of art.
a great uproar took place in the court, and in the midst of it, doctor manette was seen, pale and trembling, standing where he had been seated.
for the love of goodness, child, exclaimed my aunt, dont call the woman by that south sea island name!
the noise of wheels and tread of people were as hushed, as if the streets had been strewn that depth with feathers.
marija could do the work of an able-bodied man, when she was cheerful, but discouragement wore her out easily, and she would come home at night a pitiable object.
at this writing storekeepers and egg buyers in my county are paying the farmer seventeen cents for his eggs.
mr. pocket was in good spirits, when a housemaid came in, and said, if you please, sir, i should wish to speak to you.
the tears rose freshly in her eyes, but she turned away and went to martha.
there will be a deplorable scene, whenever we are married.
the rain flashed across the midnight window with a myriad feet.
i thankee agen, sir, he said, heartily shaking hands.
i hope i am doing nothing wrong in asking it again?
if some of the consequences which are reasonably to be expected are clearly disagreeable, a conflict between foresight and impulse arises.
it was but the inquiry of his first confusion and astonishment, the answer being obvious.
and then to spend such a sum, all in a single day of your life, at a wedding feast!
when you know that the other day, when you said you would like a little bit of fish, i went out myself, miles and miles, and ordered it, to surprise you.
and in the midst of all this, overwhelming it all, are the falls.
it may prove to be nothing, and it may prove to be a great deal.
there are none happy in the world but beings who enjoy freely a vast horizon,said damodara, when his herds required new and larger pastures.
for good, too; though, in consequence of my previous emotions, i was still occasionally seized with a stormy sob.
then here, on this mountaintop, with the world below me and nothing above me but the sun, i shall live my own truth.
if there was any word of comfort that would be a solace to her in her dying hour, and only i possessed it, i wouldnt part with it for life itself.
and yet my thoughts were idle; not intent on the calamity that weighed upon my heart, but idly loitering near it.
i rejoice that horses and steers have to be broken before they can be made the slaves of men, and that men themselves have some wild oats still left to sow before they become submissive members of society.
he told them cruel stories of people who had been done to death in this buying a home swindle.
its purpose is to furnish the light for the swinging tungstens and to charge the great storage batteries of the submarines.
i laid my trembling hand upon the hand he put before his face.
the trade fought against the innovation.
in its horror of sensuality, it made an idol of asceticism, which has been gradually compromised away into one of legality.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
she knew i did; for the stateliness of her manner already abated towards me, except when she spoke in praise of him, and then her air was always lofty.
a careful reading of several issues of a publication will show a writer the salient features of its typographical style.
later metaphysical jurists rely upon the idea of personality.
i saw the mild eye of the good old doctor turned upon me for a moment, and i felt that the confession of my old misgivings and remembrances was too plainly written in my face to be overlooked.
and seeing the present was bad, he made it yet worse, that thereby the future might be better.
the first mistaken impulse of an undisciplined heart.
i was crying all the time, but, except that i was conscious of being cold and dejected, i am sure i never thought why i cried.
the question which of these occurs is not of any importance for the theoretic serviceability of the characteristic in question.
we have borne this a long time, said madame defarge, turning her eyes again upon lucie.
as i advanced in the execution of this task, i felt it more and more, and roused my utmost energies to do it well.
i hide the girls in the daytime, and make merry with them in the evening.
many people can be very mean, when they give their minds to it.
in answering these questions, he is led to a logic which merges into that of parmenides and plato and the idealist tradition.
the prisoner had got into a coach, and his daughter had followed him, when mr. lorry's feet were arrested on the step by his asking, miserably, for his shoemaking tools and the unfinished shoes.
unless he brings me back a lady, said mr. peggotty, tracing out that part with his finger.
here was a remedy for the smoking habit, twenty-five doses for a quarter, and a cure absolutely guaranteed in ten doses.
demanded the judge, and then a clerk who stood at jurgis' elbow explained to him what this meant.
* this terminology is suggested by meinong, but is not exactly the same as his.
i never hesitate to admit, frankly, that there are some members of our family who want a friend.
thus relations, as we shall see more fully in the next chapter, must be placed in a world which is neither mental nor physical.
the effects which a word can share with its object are those which proceed according to laws other than the general laws of physics, i.e.
he knew that there was no use in saying a word, and he turned and went away.
i do not grant my love without reason, nor to any chance passer-by who may wish to claim it.
i shall return to the consideration of familiarity shortly.
the sores would never heal--in the end his toes would drop off, if he did not quit.
this principle condemns the interferences, once so common, of the legislature, or the officers of government, with the ordinary processes of industry.
the nest which had been advertised had not included feathers for quite so many birds as there were in this family.
we cannot point to a time itself, but only to some event occurring at that time.
the fall is the best time to start with luncheon and bait off across the fields a-hunting.
the necessity for this arises from the demand of the human mind for logical consistency.
on this subject we may again quote william james.
take a word of advice, even from three foot nothing.
she stood beside it for some little while, in a curious way, going through the motion of playing it with her right hand, but not sounding it.
there is something suggested by it that is a newer testament,the gospel according to this moment.
they are not exhalations like our daily colloquies and vaporous breath.
how can the women and the children draw water!
almost the only foreign importations that were ever sneezed at in this country were swedish matches and spanish influenza.
biddy, i returned with some resentment, you are so exceedingly quick that its difficult to keep up with you.
green, principles of political obligation.
i am going to say something i have often thought of saying, lately.
the strict law, relying on rule and form, took no account of intention as such.
much too much reliance seems to me to be placed upon the correctness of their introspection.
we went on our way upstairs after this episode; and, as we were going up, we met a gentleman groping his way down.
clara, my love, have you forgotten?--firmness, my dear!
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
if i hadnt a family, and that family hadnt the cowpock, said the waiter, i wouldnt take a sixpence.
mr. jones believes that she was alluding to his scrupulousness in matters of business.
her apartment cost her one hundred and fifteen dollars a month for seven rooms, two of which were occupied by maids.
if one object looks blue and another red, we may reasonably presume that there is some corresponding difference between the physical objects; if two objects both look blue, we may presume a corresponding similarity.
commencement this first certificate, at the graduation note that rebecca exercises held on the top floor of the is the central figure big women's wear factory of d.e.
then quick puffs of dusky smoke, the volley of which does not reach my ear till the train has stuck its black head out of fairyland and become a prosaic reminder of dinner.
youll hardly believe what i am going to tell you.
his men resumed their muskets and fell in.
however, before pursuing my personal confessions, i must not overlook the most common and comic characteristic of the college professor we all know and love in fiction.
we have therefore to consider acquaintance with other things besides sense-data if we are to obtain any tolerably adequate analysis of our knowledge.
and yet there is no shame in us and no regret.
he was always wandering about from place to place, with his one object of recovering his niece before him; but was more in london than elsewhere.
of course, little emily is not married yet?
to his disciples he could not bequeath his cleverness; but he left them his recipe for originality, his manners and his assurance, which has been gathering compound interest ever since.
he interested me because he was so quiet and solitary and so happy withal; a well of good humor and contentment which overflowed at his eyes.
very well, i thanked him, as i hoped he had been too.
it does me good fur to look at you, pip.
in five hours, the shadows are blue on the pavements, and the sky is blue with a deep brightness which is not bright.
why, i dont know that brooks understands much about it at present, replied mr. murdstone; but he is not generally favourable, i believe.
she walked among em with my child, minding only her; and brought her safe out, in the dead of the night, from that black pit of ruin!
then, because he was aggressive, he became the mosquito man.
every one of himself will readily perceive the difference betwixt feeling and thinking.
well, master copperfield, he replied, you perceive i am not bound to answer that question.
i can faintly remember learning the alphabet at her knee.
no; the office is one thing, and private life is another.
this tube begins in a bulb which holds the fluid and terminates in an upturned crook sealed at the end.
we need to witness our own limits transgressed, and some life pasturing freely where we never wander.
but, the question reminded him of his work, and he bent over it again.
then i give it, and you have repeated it correctly.
i left him climbing to the window, and i came to tell you.
nor, how the lightest echo of their united home, directed by herself with such a wise and elegant thrift that it was more abundant than any waste, was music to her.
as the vengeance descends from her elevation to do it, the tumbrils begin to discharge their loads.
half an hour's chopping wood in his lively fashion was enough to bring him a meal, and when the farmer had seen him working he would sometimes try to bribe him to stay.
and, sad though we may be to admit it, most such biographies written for courses in literature or history, are--well, plain stupid.
the other is the idea of what in the hindu law is called self-acquired property.
anxious and unhappy, but very beautiful.
i doubt if she could have been induced to desert her post, by anyone else.
given any one particular, it is found often (we do not say always) that there are a number of other particulars differing from this one in gradually increasing degrees.
if i had happily possessed no knowledge of the place, and had seen it often in that changeless state, i should have pleased my fancy with many ingenious speculations, i dare say.
in short, all good things are wild and free.
and gradually, what i had done at random, seemed to shape itself into a purpose, mr. barsad.
i would rather not, she said to the doctor.
what is the controlling purpose in the following selection?
for convenience in keeping the list of differentia reasonably small, to avoid unwieldiness of definition, care must be exercised in choosing the class.
these are always, i think, really habit-memories, the memories that use images being the typical true memories.
there cannot be change--and motion is only a particular case of change--unless there is something different at one time from what there is at some other time.
but generally, when i raised my head, i saw her blue eyes looking at me with the quiet attention of which i have already spoken.
butler made few friends and apparently never married.
or if the two miss spenlows (elderly ladies of that sort are odd characters sometimes) should not be likely persons to address in that way!
i could not bear to hear my old nurse so decried, and made the subject of such a wish.
is the diction literary or colloquial, specific or general, original or trite, connotative or denotative?
we must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aids, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn, which does not forsake us in our soundest sleep.
to see miss mowcher standing over him, looking at his rich profusion of brown hair through a large round magnifying glass, which she took out of her pocket, was a most amazing spectacle.
theres been overmuch coming back of late years, and i should of a certainty be hanged if took.
said miss pross, it doesn't need an interpreter to explain the meaning of these creatures.
yes, jerry, repeated mr. cruncher sitting down to tea.
yet even they expect to go to heaven at last.
we are so harmonious, and you have been a blacksmith,-would you mind it?
it was from the rear of the house, and upstairs.
from my sister,) i found joe telling them about the convicts confession, and all the visitors suggesting different ways by which he had got into the pantry.
the two men looked at one another as mr. jaggers waved them behind again, and humbly fell back and were heard no more.
the unconscious desire is in no way mysterious; it is the natural primitive form of desire, from which the other has developed through our habit of observing and theorizing (often wrongly).
she is continually arbitrating and making adjustments, always ready to listen to childish woes and to allay them when she can.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
a young physician, doctor frazer of madisonville, which was a little inland village in ralls county, adjoining, came often to hannibal and courted pretty laura hawkins.
affection, said miss lavinia, glancing at her sister for corroboration, which she gave in the form of a little nod to every clause, mature affection, homage, devotion, does not easily express itself.
i tipped him several more, and he was in great spirits.
thus judge and jurist obtain a guide which has served them well ever since.
such a thing has happened here, often, and too often.
it does not own wild game as it owns the cash in the vaults of the treasury.
carton still had his hand in his breast.
i was in the carriers cart when i heard her calling to me.
i glanced down at the foot from which the shoe was absent, and saw that the silk stocking on it, once white, now yellow, had been trodden ragged.
citizen doctor, said the first, reluctantly, he has been denounced to the section of saint antoine.
a study of a large number of titles will show that they seldom contain more than three or four important words with the necessary connectives and particles.
would the beginning attract the attention and hold the interest of the average reader?
there is a pile of these arrears very soon, and it swells like a rolling snowball.
one thing against it, though, is the 'elm beetle,' a pest which is spreading and which will kill some of our most beautiful trees unless spraying is consistently practised.
my missis as i had the hard time wistop though!
only, be sure that you do not neglect something of real value.
are you certain that you can afford to part with so much money, and that it is right that it should be so expended?
the point is that the criticism had not been a good estimate of the original subject.
so does the ironmongery--candle-boxes, and gridirons, and that sort of necessaries--because those things tell, and mount up.
it was by this time dark; i heard the clocks strike ten, as i sat resting.
then he turned again and faced ona, crying--now, answer me!
as the arguments were not taken in the proper spirit, they went on to threats; and suddenly one of them jerked off the hat of one of the four and flung it over the fence.
in this sense, everybody thinks that he himself has free will, though he knows that no one else has.
it might have simplified my office very much, if i had known it before.
the faculty decided that gawaine was ready.
the judgment follows necessarily and mechanically from the facts upon the record.
as i have got my breath now, i think ill measure this young scholar.
an autobiography, when confronted by a careful editor with documentary evidence, is usually found to be full of obviously inadvertent errors.
so we were happy, and proud of ourselves and of our victory over ourselves.
in the following examples the sentence will be found near the beginning in both cases, and in the nature of a statement of the principle of operation.
then we thought of the meaning of that which lay before us.
and without knowing why, i felt a vague unhappy loss or want of something overshadow me like a cloud.
it is only the failure of our dreams to form a consistent whole either with each other or with waking life that makes us condemn them.
davy dear, what should you think if i was to think of being married?
from that time, in all weathers, she waited there two hours.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
on the first occasion mr. thomas traddles was left--let me say, in short, in the lurch.
we proceeded to the top-storey of the house.
yes, steerforth, long removed from the scenes of this poor history!
i hant seen a way to get you safe, and ive looked arter you to know your ins and outs.
project gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread works not protected by u.s. copyright law in creating the project gutenberg-tm collection.
peggotty had a basket of refreshments on her knee, which would have lasted us out handsomely, if we had been going to london by the same conveyance.
he would have taken his gaiters off his legs, to give away.
put thus broadly and abstractly, the answer must be negative.
the letter still remains appended to scores of words in which it has lost the pronunciation once belonging to it.
childhood has no place; so above the roofs you may see the surly points of a council school.
jurgis stood gazing at him in perplexity.
joe offered me more gravy, which i was afraid to take.
and the road seemed not to be flat before us, but as if it were leaping up to meet us, and we waited for the earth to rise and strike us in the face.
congenial work, bright prospects, perfect health, the affection of friends, the respect of rivals--what more could any woman want for her husband or herself?
i wonder, he said thoughtfully, if you could see my emly now, masr davy, whether youd know her!
i always thought this was business, this was the way to confront the thing, this was the way to take the foe by the throat.
the objections to any theory which brings in the single observer were considered in lecture i, and were acknowledged to be cogent.
ill come anywhere you like, said steerforth, or do anything you like.
i was undressing in my own room, when mr. micawbers letter tumbled on the floor.
the store-keepers plastered up their windows with all sorts of lies to entice you; the very fences by the wayside, the lampposts and telegraph poles, were pasted over with lies.
it may happen that immediately after the man's death his body is blown to pieces by a bomb.
we all acknowledged that we felt this something of a disappointment; but mrs. gummidge said she felt it more than we did, and shed tears again, and made that former declaration with great bitterness.
as my aunt appeared to be annoyed, i thought the best way was to cut her annoyance short.
i admire her--as my friend does--exceedingly.
he read this passage as if it were from an act of parliament; and appeared majestically refreshed by the sound of the words.
that, said joe, summing up with his judicial air, were the word of biddy.
it is common to think of relations as though they always held between two terms, but in fact this is not always the case.
twas kind of you to bear him company down.
let us be the best friends in the world!
it was one of those afternoons which seem indefinitely long before one, in which many events may happen, a large portion of our natural life, though it was already half spent when i started.
he rejoined, shaking his head, and looking very much dejected.
and so, after little stanislovas had stood gazing timidly about him for a few minutes, a man approached him, and asked what he wanted, to which stanislovas said, job.
and then, gripping jurgis tight with one hand, the young fellow began searching his pockets with the other.
unless the reader catches the idea in the title quickly, he is likely to pass on to something else.
it is well known that a large plate of glass will have a green tint, owing, as the makers say, to its body, but a small piece of the same will be colorless.
our friend waterbrook will excuse me if i forbear to explain myself generally, on account of the magnitude of the interests involved.
peggotty is quite comfortable now, mr. barkis, i remarked, for his satisfaction.
he shed no tears, being ashamed to make a sound; he sat motionless and shuddering with his anguish.
it sees the truth always, but it also prefers not to be a pest in declaring the truth disagreeably.
or, if confiding anything to friends will be more likely to relieve you, you shall impart it to us, mr. micawber, said traddles, prudently.
an objection which applies to all conduct, can be no valid objection to any conduct in particular.
there was no fear of its tyrannising over itself.
she saw a tight, hard, wiry woman before her, as mr. lorry had seen in the same figure a woman with a strong hand, in the years gone by.
project gutenberg-tm ebooks are often created from several printed editions, all of which are confirmed as public domain in the u.s. unless a copyright notice is included.
the philosopher is in advance of his age even in the outward form of his life.
in a word, said madame defarge, coming out of her short abstraction, i cannot trust my husband in this matter.
like a strong silent man he held in that wellspring of champagne and mercury until many many years later.
the place is national property now, and used as a kind of armoury, my love.
his body, as a physical object, and still more his mind, were only known as the body and the mind connected with these sense-data.
i dare say ours is likely to be a rather long engagement, but our motto is wait and hope!
behind this ridge for several miles the country is wild, wooded, and rocky, and is no doubt the home of many wild swarms of bees.
lawmaking, administration and adjudication cannot be rigidly fenced off one from the other and turned over each to a separate agency as its exclusive field.
this, in fact, we have with some degree of approximation; the starry heaven, for instance, becomes actual whenever we choose to look at it.
and i couldnt bear to slight him, because he was a little altered--could i, jip?
the historical questions raised by the above-mentioned discussions are no doubt largely insoluble, owing to the very scanty material from which our evidence is derived.
speaking quite roughly and approximately, we may say that idealism tends to suppress the object, while realism tends to suppress the content.
but all such ideas, as applied to physics, are mere anthropomorphic superstitions.
thus a particular colour which we see is an idea; so is a voice which we hear, and so on.
at the end of the present lecture i shall examine the grounds in its favour.
i received a letter from the bank, sir, yesterday, informing me that some intelligence--or discovery-- the word is not material, miss; either word will do.
for you, and for any dear to you, i would do anything.
the unknown writer has as good a chance as anybody of having his manuscript accepted, provided that his work has merit comparable with that of more experienced writers.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
his whole soul was dancing with joy--he was at work at last!
he says, publicly, that if they want anything hell give it em.
he pointed to us with an eager hand; and she saw us, and waved her last good-bye to me.
the schoolhouse where biddy was mistress i had never seen; but, the little roundabout lane by which i entered the village, for quietness sake, took me past it.
no doubt it is commoner to wish to arrive at an agreeable result than to wish to arrive at a true result.
i never heard her name, said i. i didnt mean to interrupt you.
on the continent interpretation so as to make a binding rule for future cases was deemed to belong only to the legislator.
no, my dear annie, returned the old soldier, i have not quite finished.
every eye then sought some other eye in the crowd, and gleamed at it approvingly; and heads nodded at one another, before bending forward with a strained attention.
ive been into his room already, and weve made it all smooth.
do the facts come within or fail to come within the legal precept?
miss dartle turned her head disdainfully towards him.
come to the ground, and go through the preliminaries!
noakes and co.'s might, or snooks brothers' might; but tellson's, thank heaven--!
i had not thought of both; i should not think either, likely.
i got to be so ashamed of being such a victim, that i would have given him any money to hold his tongue, or would have offered a round bribe for his being permitted to run away.
they make a great feature of showing strangers through the packing plants, for it is a good advertisement.
in an arm-chair, with an elbow resting on the table and her head leaning on that hand, sat the strangest lady i have ever seen, or shall ever see.
he had been some few leagues behind monseigneur, early in the afternoon.
there has been no new discovery, of money, or of any other property; but-- he felt his wrist held closer, and he stopped.
generally, however, this harmless question would only make his fellow workingmen lose their tempers and call him a fool.
but i remember that this importance was a kind of satisfaction to me, when i walked in the playground that afternoon while the boys were in school.
you told me you had a proposal; what is it?
the slightest novels are a blessing to those in distress, not chloroform itself a greater.
he whiffed the compound of scents away, as he put down his smoked-out pipe.
when mr. lorry had finished his breakfast, he went out for a stroll on the beach.
the analogy in waking life is only to be preferred to that in dreams on the ground of its greater extent and consistency.
why, masr davy, you was but the heighth of the littlest of these, when i first see you!
one scraped the outside of a leg; another scraped the inside of the same leg.
first, it was an old french town; then a southern town; then a german tradesman's town.
at first we thought to throw a frog-pond on to it; but concluded to let it burn, it was so far gone and so worthless.
yes, was the grim reply of monsieur defarge.
in the distance there was a church-tower bell that tolled the hours one by one.
of a life of luxury the fruit is luxury, whether in agriculture, or commerce, or literature, or art.
suppose you are in a familiar room at night, and suddenly the light goes out.
of course it had not the least effect, except upon a few roaches which had the misfortune to drink water after eating it, and so got their inwards set in a coating of plaster of paris.
after a time he would give up once more, on the plea that he had not got cobbss bill, or lobbss, or nobbss, as the case might be.
there are, of course, exceptions, such as professor j. s. haldane,* who maintains that it is theoretically impossible to obtain physiological explanations of psychical phenomena, or physical explanations of physiological phenomena.
carton's hand moved back to his breast no more.
early in the morning they sallied forth.
blood cannot be obtained from a stone, neither can anything on account be obtained at present (not to mention law expenses) from mr. micawber.
i can tell you best what he is, by telling you what doctors commons is.
asked mr. lorry, in his business character.
i tried to bless her, tried to thank her, tried to tell her (as i had often done in letters) what an influence she had upon me; but all my efforts were in vain.
he took up another that was lying by him, and asked what it was.
mr. barkis seemed gruff, and answered drily.
she required a great deal of amusement, and, like a deep old soldier, pretended, in consulting her own inclinations, to be devoting herself to her child.
he had drank wine that evening (or i fancied it), until his eyes were bloodshot.
absolute monarch of the whole civilised world, he preserved through life not only the most unblemished justice, but what was less to be expected from his stoical breeding, the tenderest heart.
this is my little elephant, sir, said mr. omer, fondling the child.
there is a flavor about a well-fattened, milk-fed chicken that no other chicken has.
fichte says that the duty of performing an agreement arises when one party thereto begins to act under it.
defarge stood, panting, against a background of eager eyes and open mouths, formed outside the door; all those within the wine-shop had sprung to their feet.
as i think i told you once before, said i, it is you who have been, in your greed and cunning, against all the world.
mr. micawber looking up at this juncture to where we were standing, i had only time to repeat my caution.
'what strength there is in these common bodies!'
then, my dear, i said, you may rely upon it, its free.
in the end jurgis got a chance through an accidental meeting with an old-time acquaintance of his union days.
you should be careful not to irritate her, james.
in every act of judgement there is a mind which judges, and there are terms concerning which it judges.
how were girls who raced at machines all day, who had neither money nor the voice of the press, to rouse this sluggish, corrupt city to the menace of sending to the legislature men like e.j.
smith's mill still exhibits the first invoice with the pagenstechers, which shows the purchase of wood-paper at eleven cents.
i was always in debt to him, always under his thumb, always a working, always a getting into danger.
his feelings are not like yours, miss traddles.
he saw a foreman passing the open doorway, and hailed him for a job.
said madame, composed as ever, but not knitting to-day.
thats what i told you not to do, said mr. jaggers.
if i can bow to her once in the day (i know her to bow to, knowing mr. larkins), i am happier.
if i had the power to sit in judgement on her, i would see it done.
but their connection with consciousness is very close, both through immediate memory, and through the correlations which turn sensations into perceptions.
come on, little un, and lets see wholl get most.
the only difference is that wild honey is flavored with your adventure, which makes it a little more delectable than the domestic article.
don't recall her to herself, he said, softly, to the latter, she is better so.
the messenger answered with respect: my master desires to diminish the number of his faults, but he cannot come to the end of them.
this was in part confirmed by his aunt, who saw him at half past twelve oclock, soon after his release, and affirmed that he was then as red as i was.
thus husband, father, grandfather, etc., are asymmetrical relations.
promise me solemnly that nothing will influence you to alter the course on which we now stand pledged to one another.
even in my father's time, we did a world of wrong, injuring every human creature who came between us and our pleasure, whatever it was.
added joe, with a shake of the head that was full of meaning, and begun at a too, and worked his way to z.
the manner in laughter, in tears, in irony, in indignations and enthusiasms, in judgments--and even in love.
tellson's bank had a run upon it in the mail.
i am sure its very kind of you to make the offer, but i am much too umble to accept it.
some of the young ladies washed the lettuces for him, and sliced them under his directions.
i had had no purpose, no sustaining soul within me, anywhere.
four or five miles to the eastward lay the lake, and over this the bitter winds came raging.
to show the effect of increased education on religion.
i am glad that, thinking i deserve to be thanked, you have come to thank me.
asymmetrical relations are involved in all series--in space and time, greater and less, whole and part, and many others of the most important characteristics of the actual world.
and we looked straight into the eyes of the council, but their eyes were as cold blue glass buttons.
suppose i am believing, by means of images, not words, that it will rain.
i have seen bricks amid the oak copse there.
the wonder held me for a long time, and to this day i can recall it, understand it.
ive made your sister so all day, and master davy.
miss pocket laughed, and camilla laughed and said (checking a yawn), the idea!
i'll take the risk for friendship's sake--for i'd hate to see you sent to state's prison for a year or two.
his description of the schoolroom he could base on his own observation, supplemented by the teacher's explanations.
it has not acquired one permanent wrinkle after all its ripples.
so, herbert, looking at me with a friendly uneasiness and amazement, complied, and provis immediately shaking hands with him, said, now youre on your oath, you know.
if we have had the seven-years itch, we have not seen the seventeen-year locust yet in concord.
in this course which our ancestors took there was a show of prudence at least, as if their principle were to satisfy the more pressing wants first.
those who desire a public career must look to the views of the living public; an immediate exterior influence is essential to the exertion of their faculties.
time presses: i must finish those shoes.
to me, the remembrance of our last parting has been ever mournful and painful.
i am deeply sorry to have been the cause of it.
her father considered a little before he answered: you have seen mr. carton here, yourself.
when an impulse is restrained, we feel discomfort, or even violent pain.
by analyzing the titles in the publication to which he plans to send his article, a writer can frame his title to meet its typographical requirements.
she, my aunt, and i, have sat with dora since the morning, all together.
he said yes, but asked me for some of my gentlemans linen to put on in the morning.
its well for you to joke about the poor!
it would be delightful if our flattering feeling that we can remember whatever we read or hear were true--the trouble is, it is not.
project gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for the ebooks, unless you receive specific permission.
really i dont know about that, observed traddles thoughtfully.
i don't say it in any way of boasting, but merely because to those of us who love the stage all dramatic souvenirs are interesting.
we all said something, or looked something, to welcome him, except mrs. gummidge, who only shook her head over her knitting.
its throes will heave our exuvi from their graves.
sarah pocket came to the gate, and positively reeled back when she saw me so changed; her walnut-shell countenance likewise turned from brown to green and yellow.
i saw my mother stop her ears then, and i heard her crying.
and remember that these are not in water-tight compartments, separated from each other, but that they fuse together to make the personality, to create the life-problem, and to answer it.
but images cannot be made to fit in with the simultaneous sensations and images of others.
can you change me a hundred-dollar bill?
those were the two little words, more capital.
we knew we had been guilty, but now we had a way to atone for it.
the president rang his bell; but, the vengeance, warming with encouragement, shrieked, i defy that bell!
i particularly recollect his case, from his being took by a dwarf.
mrs. micawbers family have been so good as to express their dissatisfaction at this state of things.
magazine articles also may originate in the writer's observation of what is going on about him.
i looked out, and she stood at the garden-gate alone, holding her baby up in her arms for me to see.
oh, i dont doubt that, master copperfield, he answered; not in the least.
mr. micawber, i may remark, had taken his full share of the general bow, and had received it with infinite condescension.
cried miss havisham, bitterly; look at her so hard and thankless, on the hearth where she was reared!
not that she showed she was pleased, but i suppose she was.
there are nervous couples, whom these frighten, and who cry, nusfok!
i had taken care to have it well understood in little britain when my birthday was.
is your profession really so engaging and interesting as to absorb your whole attention?
miss wickfield, said mr. micawber, now turning red, is, as she always is, a pattern, and a bright example.
they were willing to work all the time; and when people did their best, ought they not to be able to keep alive?
she kept a calendar of the holidays in this way, and every morning checked a day off in exactly the same manner.
there were one or two of these incidents each day, the newspapers detailing them, and always blaming them upon the unions.
he long has to strive against wind and current until finally a favorable conjunction of weather and tide forms a wave upon which he rides safely into the harbor.
i mustered courage once, to ask miss murdstone when i was going back to school; and she answered dryly, she believed i was not going back at all.
tell the wind and the fire where to stop; not me!
only one of the girls that came out with her got away, and she jumped out of a second-story window one night.
joe scooped his eyes with his disengaged wrist, as if he were bent on gouging himself, but said not another word.
the success of this bureau comes from having at the head of it the right man with the right view of what a farm bureau should do.
my hown cuthenth gone to mithter wemmick at thith prethent minute, to hoffer him hany termth.
better, i could not help saying, to have left her a natural heart, even to be bruised or broken.
from head to foot i was powdered almost as white with chalk and dust, as if i had come out of a lime-kiln.
properly used, this method should result in something like finality of judgment.
sometimes their faces froze, sometimes their feet and their hands; sometimes they froze all together--but still they came, for they had no other place to go.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
in manufacture and distribution, it employs an army matching in size the russian battle hordes.
he soon made ducks and drakes of what i gave him, sank lower and lower, married another woman, i believe, became an adventurer, a gambler, and a cheat.
it fills a few hollows, and makes banks for the swallows, it sets the sand a-blowing, and the blackberries a-growing, but i cross it like a cart-path in the woods.
i said he was right there--never under my roof, where the lares were sacred, and the laws of hospitality paramount.
how much will it appeal to the average individual?
in any possible world, on the contrary, we feel that two and two would be four: this is not a mere fact, but a necessity to which everything actual and possible must conform.
the trick was learned from the hillside spring which, welling up through strata of sand and gravel, comes out pure and clear and sparkling.
she was brought into the parlour with many tokens of welcome, and there formally recognized my mother as a new and near relation.
the plaintive tone of her compassion merged into the less musical voice of the judge, as he said something fiercely: answer the questions put to you, and make no remark upon them.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
no, no you may be sure of that, said estella.
he came in and first tossed me some pieces of money; then struck at me with a whip.
there is a greater fulness of life about his own existence, and when there is more life in the units there is more in the mass which is composed of them.
some proceed on a conception of natural rights, taken to be qualities of human nature reached by reasoning as to the nature of the abstract man.
but no matter; don't stay to look; put it up carefully with mine and your own.
the best you can do is to ascend to the flat roof, and take a deep breath of spitalfields ozone.
is it not a reproach that man is a carnivorous animal?
it is a stampede to them; they are quite thrown out; they have lost the scent.
said he, giving his neck a jerk with his forefinger that made me turn hot and sick.
i saw that a crisis was at hand, and it came.
you had better come to my house, said the man.
more than a mile off, mr. tiffey, interposed a junior.
as we walked into town to post it, traddles and i held a long conference, and launched into a number of speculations, which i need not repeat.
having despatched the avenger to the coffee-house for an addition to the dinner, i felt that i must open my breast that very evening to my friend and chum.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
the ocean, in these times, is a perfect fleet of ships; and we can hardly fail to encounter many, in running over.
to this effect, in as few or fewer words, the public prosecutor.
there was a red velvet footstool in the best parlour, on which my mother had painted a nosegay.
he says, no varnish can hide the grain of the wood; and that the more varnish you put on, the more the grain will express itself.
w. h. fitchett, a distinguished colonial clergyman and historian of the napoleonic wars.
we are beginning to hold our own, i think, mum?)
his philosophy comes down to a more recent time than ours.
and so do i. i heard the fall of the axe in that sound.
when all of these things failed him he used his money carefully, but without worry--for he saw that he could earn more whenever he chose.
we were now within the little courtyard of the doctors cottage.
how can i ever be anything but sick, at this life?
the man who should thus be buried was the first question: a good man, whose return to life would be hailed by the reader and the other characters with gladness?
since the purpose of definition is to limit the thing defined, the practical value of the first step is at once apparent.
i thus found that the student who wishes for a shelter can obtain one for a lifetime at an expense not greater than the rent which he now pays annually.
the other women were far off in the field, when we stopped at the hedge by the side of the road.
this reminded me of the wonderful difference between the servile manner in which he had offered his hand in my new prosperity, saying, may i?
as i went out of the office, hand in hand with this new acquaintance, i stole a look at him.
we believe various things, and while we believe them we think we know them.
although such recipe directions are clear, they are not particularly interesting.
the week passed away in a most delightful manner.
but very wisely providence has provided that myriads and myriads of tiny creatures are ever at work breaking up worn-out and dead animal matter and reducing it to its original elements.
asked biddy, plucking a black-currant leaf.
we have seen your workshops, your factories, and your engines of peace.
busy pairs of girls who had already done ten hours' work were going over e.j.
really, replied traddles, laughing, and reddening, i cant wholly deny that i do, my dear copperfield.
was the response, and the boy pointed to the northwest, across the tracks.
it would be worse than useless now to inquire which; worse than useless to seek to know whether he has been for years overlooked, or always designedly held prisoner.
at the stairs where we had taken him abroad, and ever since, i had looked warily for any token of our being suspected.
all right; go back there and give your name.
v. look up the definitions of the following terms and estimate the resulting amount of increase in your knowledge of the subject which includes the terms.
then, without a scrap of courage, but with a great deal of desperation, i went softly in and stood beside her, touching her with my finger.
it is the causation of images that is the vital problem.
working out a practical personal philosophy of life.
his cunning was fresh with the day, and his qualms were gone with the night--in which particulars it is not improbable that he had compeers in fleet-street and the city of london, that fine morning.
i am bound to state to you, he said, with an official air, that the business habits, and the prudent suggestions, of mrs. micawber, have in a great measure conduced to this result.
we find certain delights which no past-master can know; pleasures exclusively for the novice.
it is equally true that a writer desiring to gain admittance to that magazine, or to others making the same appeal, would greatly profit by visualizing as vividly as possible a similar family.
but i wake when it blows, and tremble to think of uncle dan and ham and believe i hear em crying out for help.
we sometimes think of criticism as being confined to literature and art, and speak of literary criticism, musical criticism, dramatic criticism, and art criticism, as if these were all.
i think this lies in the nature of things, and not in defective analysis.
with his disengaged hand he made a menace of striking me, and then looked at me from head to foot.
accuracy in titles involves, not merely avoidance of exaggerated and misleading statement, but complete harmony in tone and spirit between title and article.
he recovered himself so quickly, however, that mr. lorry had doubts of his business eye.
he was working in an oil factory--at least he was hired by the men to get their beer.
we raised our right arm and we spoke, and our voice was the clearest, the steadiest voice in the hall that day, and we said: the will of our brothers be done.
he set off at a run for the yards, stopping by the way to inquire in the saloons that were open.
it was what is called an incendiary appeal--it was written by a man into whose soul the iron had entered.
most of the great literature is founded on judicious repressions).
he acquired them by discovery, by capture in war, by labor in agriculture or as an artisan, by commercial transactions or by inheritance.
you quite understand that the young lady dont ride to-day, and that i dine at the young ladys?
thus was the happy ending to a woeful voyage.
i felt somehow as though i had been taken complete possession of by these people.
its a bad job, said wemmick, scratching his head, and i assure you i havent been so cut up for a long time.
on that subject alone even to force the note might lean to virtues side.
by this time we had come to the house, where i found his room to be one just within the side-door, with a little window in it looking on the courtyard.
forces astir in the deepest roots grow restless beneath the lock of frost.
it is a vitreous greenish blue, as i remember it, like those patches of the winter sky seen through cloud vistas in the west before sundown.
but a government in which the majority rule in all cases can not be based on justice, even as far as men understand it.
it was a slow and weary process, but it would go on--it was like the movement of a glacier, once it was started it could never be stopped.
(in an inflected language, the same thing will be indicated by inflections, e.g.
you are fatigued, said madame, raising her glance as she knotted the money.
and we were silent again until she spoke.
she may ask for mr. jarvis lorry, or she may only ask for a gentleman from tellson's bank.
theres time, and to spare, for me to go and come back before the ship sails.
i subscribe for several farm papers and a bee journal.
i wished joe had been rather more genteelly brought up, and then i should have been so too.
the old ones do not work, for the state takes care of them.
miss pross had lighted the lamp, but had put it aside in a corner, that they might enjoy the fire-light undisturbed.
it is accordingly supposed that they really exist as desires for ends, but in a subconscious part of the mind, which the patient refuses to admit into consciousness for fear of having to think ill of himself.
in the place where he had come from there had not been any politics--in russia one thought of the government as an affliction like the lightning and the hail.
and then we cheered again in a different key, and i noticed a boy in the ranks throw back his head and look up.
to avoid attracting notice, and to give as little occasion as possible for talk and envy, was the general desire.
if he could have known how nearly the compliment lost him his pupil, i doubt if he would have paid it.
each of us, in his own way, got more mad every moment.
i endeavoured to appear unconscious and not disquieted, but, i saw in his face, with poor success.
those who can always follow the wit and irony that guedalla knows how to conceal in a cunningly turned phrase, will find the book a prodigious delight.
he was taken on board, and instantly manacled at the wrists and ankles.
the contradictions resulting from confounding image and prototype in memory force us to precision.
take you my knitting, said madame defarge, placing it in her lieutenant's hands, and have it ready for me in my usual seat.
but though peggottys eye wanders, she is much offended if mine does, and frowns to me, as i stand upon the seat, that i am to look at the clergyman.
it denies any interest except where the law secures it.
dora was hardly less affectionate to my aunt than to me, and often told her of the time when she was afraid she was a cross old thing.
jurgis had gone with the desire to get into an inconspicuous corner and see what was done; but this attitude of silent and open-eyed attention had marked him out for a victim.
in short, must leave it alone, like or no like.
i know all, i know all, said the last comer.
by experience of the correlation of touch and sight sensations, we become able to associate a certain place in touch-space with a certain corresponding place in sight-space.
agnes is downstairs, when i go into the parlour; and i give her the message.
(signals and gesticulations on the part of the boss.
i feel it more than other people, said mrs. gummidge.
so for several days he had been going about, ravenous all the time, and growing weaker and weaker, and then one morning he had a hideous experience, that almost broke his heart.
what are your hobbies--and have you any follies?
on the way home, however, the shivering was apt to come on him again; and so he would have to stop once or twice to warm up against the cruel cold.
the words one and two had already been spoken with a cool and deliberate distinctness.
go upstairs, give my compliments to mr. dick, and say i wish to speak to him.
there is another spy commissioned for our quarter.
of all the times of mine that time has in his grip, there is none that in one retrospect i can smile at half so much, and think of half so tenderly.
in england and in several states the damages at law do not include the value of the bargain where the contract is for the sale of land.
he produced a long purse, with the greatest coolness, and counted them out on the table and pushed them over to me.
in some countries, this stuff is eaten by choice; in england only dire need can compel to its consumption.
far less would i insinuate this of the doctrines and precepts of christ himself.
her father had followed her, and would have fallen on his knees to both of them, but that darnay put out a hand and seized him, crying: no, no!
each man should learn what is within him, that he may strive to mend; he must be taught what is without him, that he may be kind to others.
i gave him good morning, and asked him what oclock it was.
the soil, it appears, is suited to the seed, for it has sent its radicle downward, and it may now send its shoot upward also with confidence.
apples, grapes, nuts, and vegetable marrows he mentions specially--and how poor a selection!
and yet he did care something for the streets that environed that house, and for the senseless stones that made their pavements.
when an impulse is not indulged in the moment in which it arises, there grows up a desire for the expected consequences of indulging the impulse.
she told the story with such dramatic effect that she quite carried away her classmates.
the brown eyes full of heart were the best point.
she exclaimed, still weeping pitifully, i am not so good a girl as i ought to be!
cover the good man who has been vanquished,--cover his face and pass on.
in practice there is a great deal of it, and that in a form which is unhappily destructive of certainty and uniformity.
and the gist of her remarks was that she was surprised to see that american catholics did not say grace before eating like french catholics.
if it comes to that in the end, what is the use of bothering about all these preliminaries of right and law?
work with him, as with the others of the patients, was continually varied by recreation.
father got made a sexton by being umble.
i rather think that neither the blow, nor the allusion, would have escaped me, but for the assurance i had had from agnes that night.
when a belief is true, we said, there is a corresponding fact, in which the several objects of the belief form a single complex.
in the hope of his recovery, and of resort to this third course being thereby rendered practicable, mr. lorry resolved to watch him attentively, with as little appearance as possible of doing so.
for the field of the pump is small and definite, its relations are simple, whereas the lyric is intimately bound up with the whole of life.
the wine was red wine, and had stained the ground of the narrow street in the suburb of saint antoine, in paris, where it was spilled.
mrs. strong, dressed in white, with cherry-coloured ribbons, was playing the piano, when we went in; and he was leaning over her to turn the leaves.
all things were as quiet in the temple as ever i had seen them.
i had no claim, and i finally resolved, and ever afterwards abided by the resolution, that my heart should never be sickened with the hopeless task of attempting to establish one.
i have none but good accounts of them, said i. i am most delighted to hear it, said mr. micawber.
in the earlier legal social control the all-important thing is seisin, or possession.
the rank and file, however, were either foisted upon the city, or else lived off the population directly.
first, the deed of relinquishment, that we have heard of, must be given over to me now--here.
the vaunting cruelty with which she met my glance, i never saw expressed in any other face that ever i have seen.
what is life insurance but the bet of an unknown number of yearly premiums against the payment of the policy?
the amiable vengeance added, with a laugh, yes, my faith!
jurgis stood upright; trembling with passion, his hands clenched and his arms upraised, his whole soul ablaze with hatred and defiance.
monsieur defarge alighted; knowing one or two of the soldiery there, and one of the police.
the occupations to which traddles stood pledged, rendered it necessary to fix a somewhat distant one; but an appointment was made for the purpose, that suited us all, and then i took my leave.
which i meantersay that what i say, i meantersay and stand or fall by!
among the first of these volunteers was jerry cruncher himself, who modestly concealed his spiky head from the observation of tellson's, in the further corner of the mourning coach.
ice is an interesting subject for contemplation.
they made themselves my friends, said i, when they supposed me to have superseded them; and when sarah pocket, miss georgiana, and mistress camilla were not my friends, i think.
notes are tools: their object is temporary, to be of service for composition or future reference; they are not an object in themselves.
a comparison in the form of a simile, or in that of a parable or allegory, may serve as a striking introduction.
emily looked at me, and laughed and nodded yes.
and so the crowd roared, and the senator smiled genially, and went on; and in a few seconds poor jurgis found himself landed out in the rain, with a kick and a string of curses.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
jurgis was staring from the judge to the lawyer in perplexity.
my motive, returned doctor strong, is to make some suitable provision for a cousin, and an old playfellow, of annies.
i tried to ascertain whether mr. dick had any understanding of the causes of this sudden and great change in my aunts affairs.
no writer should send an article to a publication before he has examined critically several of its latest issues.
i was obliged to make a show of taking the hand he stretched across to me; and then, with very different emotions, i took the hand of the broken gentleman, his partner.
that alone wouldn't make the subject pleasant, i should think.
when the car wouldn't stop, luck would save him by a fraction of an inch.
to this teta elzbieta hastened to respond that nothing could be too cheap to suit them just then; for they were quite terrified over the sums they had had to expend.
sometimes, when at leisure, he amused himself all day in the woods with a pocket pistol, firing salutes to himself at regular intervals as he walked.
would the definition be more effective if written in a more formal style?
would they keep me long enough to spend seven shillings?
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
what a world of gammon and spinnage it is, though, aint it!
and looked at me in a particularly unpleasant and personal manner.
he mentions traits of the bee that are interesting or necessary to know.
i saw uriahs lank hand stop, involuntarily, in the scraping of his chin.
what we believe, when we believe the law of contradiction, is not that the mind is so made that it must believe the law of contradiction.
we shall put before them the greatest gift ever offered to men.
i was so far from being warned off from peggottys society, that, provided i was not in mr. murdstones, i was never sought out or inquired for.
but put an extra condiment into your dish, and it will poison you.
by that time the tortoise will have got some way ahead.
when we should still be growing children, we are already little men.
a third reason was that one who parted with an equivalent in exchange for or in reliance on a promise is injured in his substance if the promise is not kept.
clear mental pictures are more interesting than vague impressions.
he was too rheumatic to be shaken hands with, but he begged me to shake the tassel on the top of his nightcap, which i did most cordially.
business and professional interests naturally occupy the larger part of men's thoughts, while home-making is the chief work of most women.
aye, aye, returned the doctor, good-humouredly.
instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men.
observed miss mowcher, standing at the chair again, and replacing in the bag a miscellaneous collection of little objects she had emptied out of it.
the voice of power, wrought out of suffering--of resolution, crushed out of weakness--of joy and courage, born in the bottomless pit of anguish and despair!
our first instinctive feeling is that we have abundant reason for saying that it will, because it has risen on so many previous mornings.
indeed, if i was asked to choose between making pencil-marks on a sheet of white blotting-paper and making foot-marks on a sheet of white snow i should be in a thingummy.
the first question which i am tempted to put to the proprietor of such great impropriety is, who bolsters you?
under the system of rigid economy which the packers enforced, there were some jobs that it only paid to do once in a long time, and among these was the cleaning out of the waste barrels.
i began newspaper life as society reporter of a daily paper in a middle-western town of ten thousand inhabitants.
god knows how infantine the memory may have been, that was awakened within me by the sound of my mothers voice in the old parlour, when i set foot in the hall.
the difficulties under which they had laboured all night, and which had found utterance in the most terrific gasps and snorts, are not to be conceived.
between the years of ninety-two and a hundred and two, however, we shall be the ribald, useless, drunken outcast person we have always wished to be.
from which it follows that men who use language are able to abstract or generalize their ideas.
she fell to her work with all her enthusiastic heart.
i had never heard of any tutor but biddy and mr. wopsles great-aunt; so, i replied in the negative.
when they got up in the morning, jurgis was sent out to buy a paper; one of the pleasures of committing a crime was the reading about it afterward.
it involves a declaration that others are under a duty of abstaining from the use of the object.
consider, say, a wall-paper which fades in the course of years.
behold your papers, jarvis lorry, countersigned.
for stubbornness wont do here, said his sister what it wants is, to be crushed.
my narrative finished, and their questions exhausted, i then produced miss havishams authority to receive the nine hundred pounds for herbert.
if i go to mr. lorry's at nine, shall i hear what you have done, either from our friend or from yourself?
once when an excursion party from london was watching him he went into action with his right hand tied behind his back.
a single gentle rain makes the grass many shades greener.
it portended that there was one stone face too many, up at the chateau.
he forced back the gathering shadows of death, as he forced his clenched right hand to remain clenched, and to cover his wound.
and elzbieta would call upon dede antanas to support her; there was a fear in the souls of these two, lest this journey to a new country might somehow undermine the old home virtues of their children.
my dear, said mr. micawber, your papa was very well in his way, and heaven forbid that i should disparage him.
but the dining out, being, as i have stated, a constant element, does not in the least affect a comparative statement like this.
don't expect him to stop and give a coherent explanation of what he is doing.
i emphatically do not mean that he has judged them to be identical, but merely that he has made the same response to them all and has not judged them to be different.
i am going to tell you something that will rather surprise you, and that perhaps will make you think me not quite as shrewd as you usually do think me.
after that there was nothing for him to do but wait, pacing back and forth in the snow, meantime, to keep from freezing.
i do not flatter myself, but if it be possible they flatter me.
let the rulers be effectually responsible to it, promptly removable by it, and it could afford to trust them with power of which it could itself dictate the use to be made.
you know what her consideration for others is.
this argument had some share in quieting my mother, though her increasing indisposition had a larger one.
this feeling is due, i believe, to a failure to realise imaginatively, as well as abstractly, the nature of continuous series as they appear in mathematics.
he seemed to have hurt himself very much, for he gave another furious roar.
many a man is harassed to death to pay the rent of a larger and more luxurious box who would not have frozen to death in such a box as this.
in this branch house of ours, handel, we must have a i saw that his delicacy was avoiding the right word, so i said, a clerk.
for my part i never could see why it is more womanly to do menial work for a man than intellectual work with him.
this renders our definition of derivative knowledge less precise than we could wish, since the word 'discoverable' is vague: it does not tell us how much reflection may be needed in order to make the discovery.
but a mixture of words and images is very common in memory.
he follers her about, he makes hisself a sort o servant to her, he loses in a great measure his relish for his wittles, and in the long-run he makes it clear to me wots amiss.
which i sincerely felt, and which indeed it was.
i have still a presentiment, said mrs. micawber, pensively shaking her head, that my family will appear on board, before we finally depart.
thither i went, and there i found him, putting the key of his safe down his back as the clock struck.
i had been waiting for him to see me that i might try to assure him of my innocence.
thats about where it lights; here we are!
upon this clara said to herbert, papa wants me, darling!
it is only bodily phenomena that can be directly observed in animals, or even, strictly speaking, in other human beings.
and as i stand here at the door of glory, i look behind me for the last time.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
failure to realise this necessity has, in my opinion, vitiated almost everything that has hitherto been written on the theory of knowledge, making the problem of error insoluble and the difference between belief and perception inexplicable.
the answer must be 'nowhere and nowhen'.
they are easy to put on and to take off.
she was accompanied by her mother and older sister, both with determined lower jaws and faces as hard as flint.
a familiar name cannot make a man less strange to me.
the nose is a manifest congealed drop or stalactite.
about four o'clock i give them a trough full of the same feed, but so thick it will barely pour out from the bucket into the trough.
any man can stop a hole to keep the wind away, but no other man could serve so rare a use as the author of this illustration did.
the mere notion of the possibility of his ever seeing her again, appeared to terrify him.
so sensible of this, beforehand, that i had really felt ashamed of doing what i was nevertheless impelled to do, i went back to the inn.
my appetite vanished instantly, and i knew no peace or rest until the day arrived.
it was just about sundown, and it was turning cold--the rain had changed to snow, and the slush was freezing.
all you have got to do, mr. copperfield, is to forget it.
we wheeled him off into a narrow street, where he took out his pocket-handkerchief, and stood with his back to a wall.
we then separated for a few hours: i, to get at once such passports as were necessary; herbert, to see startop at his lodgings.
he had chambers in grays inn, now; and had told me, in his last letters, that he was not without hopes of being soon united to the dearest girl in the world.
i thought her, then, still more colourless and thin than when i had seen her last; the flashing eyes still brighter, and the scar still plainer.
remembering, then, that a concentrated barrage is of more value in attack than scattered fire, use as little space as may suffice for the essentials.
will you mind it, if i say something very, very silly?---more than usual?
and was it not plain that if the people cut off the share of those who merely owned, the share of those who worked would be much greater?
you think that her father, even in this sad state, will submit himself to her; do you not?
the bravery of stevenson is accounted for partly by the doughty old builder of lighthouses, his grandfather robert stevenson.
everywhere in the country tonight the old party politicians are studying this vote, and setting their sails by it; and nowhere will they be quicker or more cunning than here in our own city.
i remembered when i was a boy in shangolden.
when people are starving, the other continued, and they have anything with a price, they ought to sell it, i say.
she would rather i did not travel alone, and objects to receiving my maid, for she has a sensitive horror of being talked of by such people.
without this assumption, we are in danger of falling into that universal scepticism which, as we saw, is as barren as it is irrefutable.
in the case of abstract objects such as fractions, it is perhaps not very difficult to realise the logical possibility of their forming a compact series.
one bores you because it seems remote.
because not less marked than his idealism and mysticism is his shrewd common sense, his practical bent, his definiteness,--in fact, the sharp new england mould in which he is cast.
assisting in the delivery of twenty carloads of feed, fertilizer, farm machinery and barrels, which had been delayed.
indeed, it demanded from him a constant attention, and a quickness of eye and hand, very like that exacted by wicket-keeping.
we spoke of it, and of our long quest, and of our tunnel, and of our escape from the palace of corrective detention.
the body is but a pair of pincers set over a bellows and a stewpan and the whole fixed upon stilts.
but, i could not be sure of this unconsciousness on mr. jaggerss part before, though i was quite sure of it now.
i also communicated to him another caution.
ears are much more difficult than eyes (fig.
the place, of course, was in an uproar; women fainting and shrieking, and men rushing in.
i have been tom jones (a childs tom jones, a harmless creature) for a week together.
was it permitted to believe that there was nowhere upon the earth, or above the earth, a heaven for hogs, where they were requited for all this suffering?
three banks of bungtown, south dakota, failed, and more savings of the workers swallowed up!
we will say that he was unexpectedly found at his forge again.
janet ventured to suggest that my aunt might be disturbing herself unnecessarily, and that she believed the donkey in question was then engaged in the sand-and-gravel line of business, and was not available for purposes of trespass.
by movements such as opening and closing and putting objects into it, may serve to illustrate our argument.
a dread possessed me that when i least expected it, the file would reappear.
wotever i done is worked out and paid for, he insisted again.
what do you say to that writing, copperfield?
here, as elsewhere, manifests itself the besetting sin of our spelling, that there is no consistency in the application of any principle.
doctor strong refers to me in public as a promising young scholar.
then an event which is simultaneous with a and b and c must exist during the time when all three overlap, which is a still shorter time.
we were disposed, notwithstanding mr. micawbers stipulation for my aunts attendance, to arrange that she should stay at home, and be represented by mr. dick and me.
there may be other belief-feelings, for example in disjunction and implication; also a disbelief-feeling.
they seemed to think the opportunity lost, if they failed to point the conversation at me, every now and then, and stick the point into me.
but the category of enforceable simple promises defies systematic treatment as obstinately as the actionable pacts in roman law.
indeed, american books too seldom come to grips with the problems of life, especially the books cast in artistic forms.
that was a good haul, he said, better than average.
i mixed the furniture in such a way as to make the two rooms look practically alike.
you are the husband of the sister of this boy?
go and wait outside, mike, said the clerk.
my house never pleased my eye so much after it was plastered, though i was obliged to confess that it was more comfortable.
biddy, looking very neat and modest in her black dress, went quietly here and there, and was very helpful.
liberty, equality, fraternity, or death!
the influence of my family being local, it is their wish that mr. micawber should go down to plymouth.
now and then in his frenzy he would fling himself against the walls of the place, beating his hands upon them.
their superiority is produced by giving them a superior status, just as the inferiority of the laborer is produced by giving him an inferior status.
although oe ligatures have been expanded, other diacritical marks are enclosed by square brackets.
but it may come perfectly well from the central meaning.
a walk through the woods thither was often my recreation.
you'll find the big ones even easier than the little ones.
only direct acquaintance can give knowledge of what is unique and new.
he knows your character, joseph, and is well acquainted with your pig-headedness and ignorance; and he knows my character, joseph, and he knows my want of gratitoode.
midnight is the time when one can recall, with ribald delight, the names of all the great works which every gentleman ought to have read, but which some of us have not.
things not so divided were afterward discovered by individuals and reduced to possession.
every word he uttered had a force that no other grace could have imparted to it.
where your mind should go straight, it will dodge; the difficulties it should approach with a fair front and grip with a firm hand it will be seeking to evade or circumvent.
the village behind the beach is a lovely old place, with twenty or more handsome old homes surrounded by grand trees.
sometimes it would be too cold for the children to go to school, and they would have to play in the kitchen, where jurgis was, because it was the only room that was half warm.
the very globe continually transcends and translates itself, and becomes winged in its orbit.
it was a man that did me a mean trick once, answered jurgis.
can copy and distribute it in the united states without permission and without paying copyright royalties.
her sobs broke out afresh, and she murmured some inarticulate thanks to me for not having driven her away from the door.
it is well to remember that nearly everybody writes books and yet very few of us are wise.
if at any time more methods than one are useful, there is not the slightest objection to combining; in fact, most definitions of any length will be found to have more than one method employed.
when kant's theory is examined it will be found to contain both the idea of occupation and the idea of compact.
we are all convinced that the sun will rise to-morrow.
give me the right word and the right accent and i will move the world.
ye-yes, i said, he was well taken care of.
shell drop down the river with that theer tide.
the good mower, serene and able, stands as nearly straight as the shape of the scythe will let him, and follows up every stroke closely, moving his left foot forward.
we may omit precision from out thoughts and confine ourselves to the distinction between accuracy and vagueness.
this subject is too important, and too complicated, to be discussed in a parenthesis, and i touch on it only so far as is necessary for purposes of illustration.
said i. i am going with you, master copperfield, if youll allow me the pleasure of a walk with an old acquaintance.
and in short, my dear friend, said i, you feel as blest as you deserve to feel!
i am convinced, said my aunt, laying her hand with melancholy firmness on the table, that dicks character is not a character to keep the donkeys off.
it is that which will strengthen, even in this step you are about to take, the connexion between yourself and albion.
in this treatment we shall use the term in this broad sense and include all subjects in our scope.
the wife of the prisoner had been employed in a department near him, and had been discharged for impudence to him.
the reader's resistance is thus avoided and the writer's advantage is increased.
there was much baggage to be attended to, and consultation over express and freight bills, with interesting references to tents, canoes, and tennis nets.
every extension of education promotes it, because education brings people under common influences, and gives them access to the general stock of facts and sentiments.
with this my aunt tied her head up in a handkerchief, with which she was accustomed to make a bundle of it on such occasions; and i escorted her home.
mr. pumblechooks own room was given up to me to dress in, and was decorated with clean towels expressly for the event.
responding to his softened manner, mr. lorry answered: twenty years back, yes; at this time of my life, no.
at which juncture, he exclaimed, in a voice of dire exasperation: bust me, if she ain't at it agin!
you work hard, madame, said a man near her.
nothing can undo it; nothing can make it otherwise than as it was.
while jurists have been at these tasks, a new social order has been building which makes new demands and presses upon the legal order with a multitude of unsatisfied desires.
the dues were five cents a week, but any one who could not afford this might be excused from paying.
in the case of changes which appear continuous, such as motions, it seems to be impossible to find anything other than change so long as we deal with finite periods of time, however short.
but she seemed to be a good sort of fellow, and showed a high regard for the aged.
would there be no help even then--would they wander about in the snow till they froze?
he was alone; he had the afternoon and all of the night to himself.
one way of escape is by philosophic contemplation.
when have you found me false to your teaching?
i rest secure now in my knowledge that i have not buried a potential grinder in a drill press operator, or that i do not have to carry his double qualifications in my mind.
why, he can send you to joliet, if he wants to!
the ouse that i am stopping at--a sort of a private hotel and boarding ouse, master copperfield, near the new river ed--will have gone to bed these two hours.
this is a terrible hardened one, they says to prison wisitors, picking out me.
secondly, there was a vague something lingering in my thoughts that will come out very near the end of this slight narrative.
i cant get to sleep very early at night, and i generally wake rather early in the morning.
he greatly disturbed that poor woman at intervals, by darting out of his sleeping closet, where he made his toilet, with a suppressed cry of you are going to flop, mother.
this statement, as it stands, is very vague, but we will endeavour to give it precision.
to think, said mr. pumblechook, after snorting admiration at me for some moments, that i should have been the humble instrument of leading up to this, is a proud reward.
red whisker made his salad (i wondered how they could eat it.
we tell ourselves how glad we are it happened as it did, instead of an agonal ending such as many of his people come to.
i do not judge him from what i saw of you the other night, she quietly replied.
and all these things fulfilled and amplified my delight, till even the good vision of the place, which i had kept so many years, left me and was replaced by its better reality.
i felt that i could bear no more, and that i must run away.
now as he rises he is seized with a coughing fit, and holds himself by his chair and turns away his wan and battered face until it passes.
yet as we stand at night in the great hall, removing our garments for sleep, we look upon our brothers and we wonder.
argued with the jury on substantial worldly grounds--the only grounds ever worth taking into account--it was a plain case, and had not a weak spot in it.
the startings and arrivals of the cars are now the epochs in the village day.
on the road (except at beauvais) he had heard absolutely nothing.
and necessarily, she added, in a haughty tone; what was fit company for you once, would be quite unfit company for you now.
cheer up, for your own self, ony a little bit, and see if a good deal more doent come natral!
i am, said mr. jaggers, and theres an end of it.
these facts have to be borne in mind if we are to avoid giving metaphysical importance to mere accidents of our own speech.
in our present kind we have a single sense-datum which has both colour and shape: the colour is red and the shape is round.
we had stopped near the centre of the long table, and miss havisham, with one of her withered arms stretched out of the chair, rested that clenched hand upon the yellow cloth.
still watching me, he laid them one upon the other, folded them long-wise, gave them a twist, set fire to them at the lamp, and dropped the ashes into the tray.
which i meantersay the government of you and myself.
windy donkey as he was, it really amazed me that he could have the face to talk thus to mine.
i readily agree with this learned author, that the faculties of brutes can by no means attain to abstraction.
no unitarian in locality, it follows that he is the best of travelers, tangential merely, and pleased with each new vista of the human past.
for what reason have i this vast range and circuit, some square miles of unfrequented forest, for my privacy, abandoned to me by men?
be sure that you give the poor the aid they most need, though it be your example which leaves them far behind.
jurgis stood, his chest heaving as he struggled to catch his breath.
i certainly should not have had the moral courage to refuse it; and i have no doubt he knew that (to his credit be it written), quite as well as i did.
i quite believe that mr. micawber saw himself, in his judicial minds eye, on the woolsack.
they would part at the first interesting crisis in their adventures.
her services have been more valuable than was supposed; her learning has been quicker than was supposed; omer and joram can run their pen through what remains; and shes free when you wish.
in the end, when the silence and suspense were no longer to be borne, he got up and hammered on the door; and the proprietor came, yawning and rubbing his eyes.
all this she had said without a quiver; she lay still as death, not an eyelid moving.
but if they were the sole example, our knowledge would be very much more restricted than it is.
and then he approached, and constrainedly gave my aunt his hand, and shook hands more cordially with me.
something that seems quite new, or that seems insolently false or very dangerous, is the test of a reader.
thank you for your good wishes, my dear copperfield, he replies.
we'll have some of the eighteen-thirty madeira.
a little to the rear stand two wretched outbuildings.
there is no pause or diminution in their speed.
then visiting leaders mount the pulpit and they read to us the speeches which were made in the city council that day, for the city council represents all men and all men must know.
i must go, she said at last, rising as she spoke.
he handed it to his principal instead of to me.
so it would be, live as long as one might; so it would ever be, whilst one had the strength to turn the pages and a mind left to read them.
i developed her into what she is, that she might be loved.
cannot students be boarded here and get a liberal education under the skies of concord?
the whole business was so cleverly managed, that herbert had not the least suspicion of my hand being in it.
thus it came to pass that when the cheerful optimist went to the cupboard to get his poor dog a bone, why, lo!
it is not merely a repetition of what was worth repeating in the bell, but partly the voice of the wood; the same trivial words and notes sung by a wood-nymph.
the ladder dredge excavates the bottom by means of a series of buckets running with great velocity along a ladder.
the philosophic scrutiny, therefore, though sceptical in regard to every detail, is not sceptical as regards the whole.
my dear girl is with her father; and if youll wait till she comes down, ill make you known to her, and then well go upstairs.
it is safe enough for me; nobody will care to interfere with an old fellow of hard upon fourscore when there are so many people there much better worth interfering with.
government is at best but an expedient; but most governments are usually, and all governments are sometimes, inexpedient.
we lived much as before, in reference to our scrambling household arrangements; but i had got used to those, and dora i was pleased to see was seldom vexed now.
tell her that it was her husband's last arrangement.
i dont care who says contrairy; i tell you so.
i have been a man of business, ever since i have been a man.
a carbon copy should be made of every manuscript so that, if the original copy goes astray in the mail or in an editorial office, the writer's work will not have been in vain.
is it likely i would try to make her what i am myself, knowing what i am myself, so well?
he carried the saucerful of pudding over to the table.
it shows that, if achilles ever overtakes the tortoise, it must be after an infinite number of instants have elapsed since he started.
he laid his head upon her shoulder, as if he were oppressed with heavy shame, and went out with her.
i am sorry to hear it, said i. i could not help adding, rather pointedly, on all accounts.
madam, returned mr. micawber, i trust you will shortly witness an eruption.
i tell this lightly, but it was no light thing to me.
i saw in this that i, too, was tormented by a perversion of ingenuity, even while the prize was reserved for me.
only those who are practised in dealing with abstractions can readily grasp a general principle without the help of instances.
the snows of sixty winters are on his head, but his eye is clear and his grip strong.
like me, the candle is mortal; it will burn out.
but they didn't like it when they began--you'd find out--it's always misery!
there would be meat that had tumbled out on the floor, in the dirt and sawdust, where the workers had tramped and spit uncounted billions of consumption germs.
the few words that he caught from this man's lips, first made it known to charles darnay that the king was in prison, and that the foreign ambassadors had one and all left paris.
he took one of the last, far in the rear, and straightway forgot all about his surroundings.
and really i felt that she was a noble woman--the sort of woman who might have been a roman matron, and done all manner of heroic things, in times of public trouble.
mr. micawber, said mr. quinion, is known to mr. murdstone.
in copying his article, therefore, a writer should keep in mind the impression that it will make in the editorial office.
i knew he was certain to say something of this kind; he always would be so boastful about his difficulties.
the streets that we have only seen as children always do, i believe, when we go back to them.
maybe youll write to me too, danl, odd times, and tell me how you fare to feel upon your lone lorn journies.
my unfortunate friend the waiter, who had quite recovered his spirits, did not appear to be disturbed by this, but joined in the general admiration without being at all confused.
we turn in under an archway behind a theatre and adjacent to the stage-door of the opera house.
take, for example, the beliefs produced by reading.
if professor watson is right as regards inner speech, this whole region is transferred from imagination to sensation.
the time has hardly come when we can state precisely what this legitimate conception is, but we can see in a general way what it must be like.
this was always followed by collinss ode on the passions, wherein i particularly venerated mr. wopsle as revenge throwing his blood-stained sword in thunder down, and taking the war-denouncing trumpet with a withering look.
i do not think this theory is adequate, but i think it is suggestive of truth, and not so easily refutable as it might appear to be at first sight.
he asked her the question pointedly, and with a glance at her father.
i pictured him drowned or ill from poor food or severe colds.
biddy dropped her work, and looked at me.
i took the hand she held out with a dignified, unbending air, and it was as calm in mine as if her breast had been at peace.
we cannot, therefore, include as part of the value of philosophy any definite set of answers to such questions.
i have always longed for the privileges of age,--since the days when it seemed to me that the elderly people ate all the hearts out of the watermelons.
i had somehow escaped into the country and on a long walk began to feel mid-day hunger.
say, shall i hire a carriage and post-horses?
one of the first points to be urged is that mnemic phenomena are just as much to be found in physiology as in psychology.
and as to her pa, she said, what did the gentleman expect, for gracious sake!
the yards were seething with agitation just then, said the man, speaking as a unionist.
a more simple and natural man it would be hard to find.
coming still closer, you will become discouraged once more by the reflection that the same stuff that is in the high spots is also in the two-spots.
the effort of resolution necessary to the achievement of this purpose i found to be quite awful.
don't tell her of this interview, or this arrangement.
she may have drowned herself, miss, returned mr. littimer, catching at an excuse for addressing himself to somebody.
camilla brightened when miss pocket met with this rebuff; and she murmured, as she plaintively contemplated miss havisham, poor dear soul!
as i giv you to understand just now, im famous for it.
the general security requires that men do only those things and do them only in the way which long custom has shown at least not displeasing to the gods.
to both speeches came half a dozen excited replies that that's just what they were talking about!
he led a hard life before we took him in, as witnessed the game hind leg that made him sit up side-saddle fashion, and two such scars on his back as boiling hot grease might have made.
asked mr. wopsle, in a matter-of-course way.
second, he must indicate clearly on each copy the fact that he is syndicating the article and that he is sending it to only one paper in a city.
he cross-examined his very wine when he had nothing else in hand.
her cries had been the signal for a wild uproar above; the house was full of people, and as he entered the hallway he saw them rushing hither and thither, crying and screaming with alarm.
but old ladies are afraid and unashamed.
i have another rule: the customer is always right.
we had gone on, so far, in a mixture of confidential jest and earnest, that had long grown naturally out of our familiar relations, begun as mere children.
screams the countrymans whistle; timber like long battering rams going twenty miles an hour against the citys walls, and chairs enough to seat all the weary and heavy laden that dwell within them.
the writer's task is to look so clearly at his subject that he discovers its true value to both brain and heart.
jurgis hesitated, and was half obeying; but his companion broke out: whuzzat?
forgive my not excepting you, my dear, at first.
how does it differ from an appreciative criticism of the orchestra as a musical instrument?
to make a long story short, sites and methods of financing these houses were worked out.
at length, perchance, the immaterial heaven will appear as much higher to the american mind, and the intimations that star it as much brighter.
she says to her, rise up from worse than death, and come with me!
in order to obtain invariable physical laws, we have to proceed to differential equations, showing the direction of change at each moment, not the integral change after a finite interval, however short.
there i found my blessed darling stopping her ears behind the door, with her dear little face against the wall; and jip in the plate-warmer with his head tied up in a towel.
here, said mr. thomson, is a novel ready to your hand: all you have to do is to work up the scenery, develop the characters, and improve the style.
i shall learn how to use the wires which carry this power.
i walked about, wondering what my feelings of happiness would be, if i could ever become engaged to this dear wonder.
to what we have called the 'physical object'), the other due to our own nature.
i have never yet met a man who was quite awake.
my late experiences with mr. and mrs. micawber suggested to me that here might be a means of keeping off the wolf for a little while.
moreover the legislative reform movement which followed only carried into detail the ideas which had come into the law in the two preceding centuries.
the answer to this question is very momentous, and affects profoundly our whole morality.
i said the next day; and he put on his great-coat and lighted his cigar, and set off to walk home.
the doctor knew, that up to that time, his imprisonment had been associated in the minds of his daughter and his friend, with his personal affliction, deprivation, and weakness.
her own little right-hand middle finger got steeped to the very bone in ink; and i think that was the only decided result obtained.
the theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men.
this dilated until it filled the room, and impelled me to take a candle and go in and look at my dreadful burden.
youd better go now, john, said his wife, with glistening and hopeful face; but john demurred.
i doubt if there is such a place in massachusetts now: in truth, our village has become a butt for one of those fleet railroad shafts, and oer our peaceful plain its soothing sound isconcord.
he appeared to me to have obscurely hinted in his letter at some distant idea he had of seeing you in england here.
i thought, at one time, said mr. wickfield, that you wished to send maldon abroad to effect a desirable separation.
we can easily invent hypotheses, which are quite likely to be true, as to connections in the brain caused by past experience, and themselves causing the different response.
miss murdstone has had the goodness, said mr. spenlow to me, to accept the office--if i may so describe it--of my daughter doras confidential friend.
oh, i might have been much the better for her, if i had had a better heart!
sometimes he is baffled, because the bees do not know the woods from the ground side.
provis, regarding him with a fixed attention, was slowly putting up his jackknife, and groping in another pocket for something else.
the victim was tamoszius kuszleika, who played the violin.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
my dear, observed mr. micawber--but glancing inquisitively at traddles, too; we have time enough before us, for the consideration of those questions.
who would ever think of a side of any of the supple cat tribe, as we speak of a side of beef?
when a person, object, or circumstance is unique, it arouses an unusual degree of interest.
let him see that he does only what belongs to himself and to the hour.
he turned her full to the light, and looked at her.
i have heard of one who used to get into the middle of a featherbed.
breathing is intermediate between the two: we normally breathe without the help of the will, but we can alter or stop our breathing if we choose.
first he went to the steel mill and the harvester works, and found that his places there had been filled long ago.
they were swindlers and thieves of pennies and dimes, and they had been trapped and put out of the way by the swindlers and thieves of millions of dollars.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
now in order to know whether two propositions can both be true, we must know such truths as the law of contradiction.
on board of the packet-ship just now referred to, sir, and on the same occasion.
nineteenth-century metaphysical theories of property carry out these ideas or develop this method.
the greeks knew nothing outside of greece and needed to know nothing.
you are a man of business and bound to have a reason.
cannibalism is moral in a cannibal country.
this called for punishment, of course; and the police proceeded to administer it by leaping from the truck and cracking at every head they saw.
as long as you are here, my pet, i shall come over every week of my life to see you.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
twice now; within the last three years, mikolas has been lying at home with blood poisoning--once for three months and once for nearly seven.
but advocates and proctors are not one and the same?
the less it was occupied with healthy things, the more it would be in danger of turning in the unhealthy direction.
to keep bright the devils door-knobs, and scour his tubs this bright day!
the hunter still kept his place and listened to the hounds.
early 'buses rumble by from neighboring barns where they have spent the night.
but i havent got any strength at all, said dora, shaking her curls.
but they recall no feeling of disgust or reluctance.
i am sorry to say, mr. copperfield, i cant advance your object, said mr. jorkins, nervously.
no self-respecting writer will lend the aid of his pen to such work, and no self-respecting editor will publish it.
hence it has been inferred that the hours of darkness are as necessary to the inorganic creation as we know night and sleep are to the organic kingdom.
marija went on to tell how she had tried to find a midwife, and how they had demanded ten, fifteen, even twenty-five dollars, and that in cash.
we had never heard of these mountains, nor seen them marked on any map.
and with those who succeed, what have they more than i?
how would you criticize them in general?
they had played the game and they had lost.
mrs.whats the name of them wild beasts with humps, old chap?
baldness, which is one of degree and has no sharp boundaries.
taken up by text writers on torts in the last half of that century, it had much influence in anglo-american law.
the best works of art are the expression of mans struggle to free himself from this condition, but the effect of our art is merely to make this low state comfortable and that higher state to be forgotten.
the more restless he got, the worse she got; and i must say, for myself, that i had a very difficult time of it indeed between the two.
what right had the unclean and stupid farmer, whose farm abutted on this sky water, whose shores he has ruthlessly laid bare, to give his name to it?
and you wont mind things going a tiny morsel wrong, sometimes?
mr. murdstone, she said, shaking her finger at him, you were a tyrant to the simple baby, and you broke her heart.
thus the men were reminded at the last moment of the working woman's stake in the election.
it was clear last night that this barbed the point of proviss animosity.
but my house occupied so sunny and sheltered a position, and its roof was so low, that i could afford to let the fire go out in the middle of almost any winter day.
miss betsey is shut up in her cottage by the sea, no doubt, and will remain there.
we could hear the cheers go up from the great throng in the square.
i got up at eight, a little giddy from the shortness of my nights rest, and was ready for him before the appointed time.
so all the hiding places of the city were crowded, and before that station house door men fought and tore each other like savage beasts.
i therefore observed i was not quite sure of that.
we spoke in whispers; listening, between whiles, for any sound in the room above.
tamoszius had a bank account also, and they ran a race, and began to figure upon household expenses once more.
but in a merely domestic view it is not so bad as it might be, because sophy takes her place.
beside them i find but two americans, mrs. edith wharton and mr. theodore dreiser.
thus verifiability depends upon our capacity for acquiring knowledge, and not only upon the objective truth.
you must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of project gutenberg-tm works.
even more entertaining to us, however, is the shockingly inconsistent attitude toward academic life maintained by practical people who know all about real life--meaning the making and spending of money.
over the fist of a hammer spread a jaw of sharp teeth to take hold of the carpet.
carton, who smelt of port wine, and did not appear to be quite sober, laughed then, and turned to darnay: this is a strange chance that throws you and me together.
happiness or misery was now the question.
steady it again, and write what i shall dictate.
i forgive you; but i am so grieved, davy, that you should have such bad passions in your heart.
i will earn more money--i will work harder.
the great majority of magazines differ from all newspapers in one important respect--extent of circulation.
yes, child, said my aunt, rubbing her nose again.
the kind of argument which formerly made me accept brentano's view in this case was exceedingly simple.
we have to be told that the greeks called the world ??s??
said uriah, with a sickly smile at his partner.
howsever they come, they didnt ought to come, and they come from the father of lies, and work round to the same.
when i had lain awake a little while, those extraordinary voices with which silence teems began to make themselves audible.
with consummate skill he has set his trap with a hair spring to catch comfort and independence, and then, as he turned away, got his own leg into it.
if mr. jack maldon comes home on account of ill health, he must not be allowed to go back, and we must endeavour to make some more suitable and fortunate provision for him in this country.
there is no book perfect, even in design; but there are many that will delight, improve, or encourage the reader.
the process of inoculating land for alfalfa.
if that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption?
it was the afternoon coach by which i had taken my place, and, as winter had now come round, i should not arrive at my destination until two or three hours after dark.
having done the honours of his house in this hospitable manner, mr. peggotty went out to wash himself in a kettleful of hot water, remarking that cold would never get his muck off.
the derivative of the response with respect to the stimulus.
i could wish it done as soon as it can be done, wickfield, said doctor strong, for jack maldon is needy, and idle; and of those two bad things, worse things sometimes come.
men are in the main alike, but they were made several in order that they might be various.
we asked, and our voice trembled: how did you come to be here, golden one?
and only a few hours after this came election day--when the long campaign was over, and the whole country seemed to stand still and hold its breath, awaiting the issue.
some indian ceres or minerva must have been the inventor and bestower of it; and when the reign of poetry commences here, its leaves and string of nuts may be represented on our works of art.
you was a saying, he observed, when we had confronted one another in silence, that surely i must understand.
she did not once show me any change in herself.
but such was not the effect on walden that year, for she had soon got a thick new garment to take the place of the old.
it is nevertheless hard to convince the father that the boy may not be a natural-born electrician, after all.
the shadow attendant on madame defarge and her party seemed then to fall, threatening and dark, on both the mother and the child.
i am conscious of nothing; there can be nothing here.
to assert this is certainly within the scope of what we mean when we state that two and two are four.
but my mind did not run so much on this as might be supposed.
nature has no human inhabitant who appreciates her.
they do this largely because the authors knew exactly what they wished to do, what their controlling purposes were, and then marshaled their material so as to accomplish this end.
since many persons confine their reading largely to newspapers and magazines, they derive most of their information and ideas from these sources.
finding out that the world does not depend on any individual, but goes ahead, whether he lives or dies.
the roof was the soundest part, though a good deal warped and made brittle by the sun.
he was so genuine and unsophisticated that no introduction would serve to introduce him, more than if you introduced a woodchuck to your neighbor.
it was between nine and ten oclock when, strolling in a melancholy manner through the town, i stopped at mr. omers door.
must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resign his conscience to the legislator?
mr. micawber kissed her hand, retired to the window, and pulling out his pocket-handkerchief, had a mental wrestle with himself.
it always gave me pain to observe that steerforth treated him with systematic disparagement, and seldom lost an occasion of wounding his feelings, or inducing others to do so.
there is no rawness nor imperfection in its edge there, as where the axe has cleared a part, or a cultivated field abuts on it.
as to sleep, i had dreams of poverty in all sorts of shapes, but i seemed to dream without the previous ceremony of going to sleep.
but they frowned and shook their head and looked at us helplessly.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
doctor manette sat meditating after these earnest words were spoken, and mr. lorry did not press him.
i said, without consideration, what i thought.
and this means that he must prove the promise was not a legal transaction--that there was no intention to enter into a binding undertaking.
theres one thing you may be sure of, pip, said joe, after some rumination, namely, that lies is lies.
and i am very well persuaded that whatever you do, trot, will always be natural and rational.
the interest and the conversation are about costume and manners chiefly; but a goose is a goose still, dress it as you will.
images also differ from sensations as regards their effects.
we fell away from one another without a word.
i sit at my desk looking out over the familiar home scene.
you see, too, said the doctor, tremulously, it is such an old companion.
more composure came to me after a while, and we talked as we used to talk, lying on the grass at the old battery.
they stood there while the sun went down upon this scene, and the sky in the west turned blood-red, and the tops of the houses shone like fire.
for papers that make up their sunday issues only a few days in advance, articles need be submitted only a week before the publication day.
and these are only a fraction of the native material available for my rock work and bank.
that is not necessarily true; the more effective the exposition, the more real is usually the call to feeling.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
we touched the stairs lightly for a single moment, and he was on board, and we were off again.
its color and clearness have not been affected.
i fancied, from the disposition of her figure, that emly had but newly risen from the chair, and that the forlorn head might perhaps have been lying on her lap.
mr. micawber then delivered a warm eulogy on traddles.
sometimes i think--you know i always was a silly little thing!--that that will never be!
he suggests that it was a mere inconsistency on james's part to adhere to introspection after abandoning the dualism of thoughts and things.
some have argued that the objects of mathematics were obviously not subjective, and therefore must be physical and empirical; others have argued that they were obviously not physical, and therefore must be subjective and mental.
i always wanted to say--until i, too, became accustomed to it.
you will never sacrifice yourself to a mistaken sense of duty, agnes?
we have had a time together, joe, that i can never forget.
what he meant by the power being off i could understand, and perforce i went out to select the plate.
and there, my sister was laid quietly in the earth, while the larks sang high above it, and the light wind strewed it with beautiful shadows of clouds and trees.
when i had made this discovery, i went back, in an attraction i could not resist, to a lane by mrs. steerforths, and looked over the corner of the garden wall.
nobody will expect to find between the covers of this little book words of extraordinary potency or accents of irresistible heroism.
she built her nest of selected wood-fibers, softened them to a pulp with her saliva, and kneaded them into cells for her larv.
moses rogers, the originator of the venture, induced scarborough & isaacs, ship merchants of savannah, to buy her and fit her with a steam engine for service between savannah and liverpool.
i dont ask you when you made it up, or where, or whether you made it up at all.
boston harbor, crescent beach, chelsea square--all was hallowed ground to me.
it will be observed that, while each perspective contains its own space, there is only one space in which the perspectives themselves are the elements.
there is no time, answered mr. mell, rising, like the present.
even though the mortgagor does not perform the act promised at the agreed time, he still has the right to redeem the property from the mortgage by paying his debt with interest.
but it already begins to possess this benefit in a considerably less degree.
the figure was not; the--the--image; the fancy?
fitting into the town circles after a year away at college.
in view of the fact that gissing uses so slight an illustration to fix his ideal, what makes the definition valuable?
astronomy, for example, was studied because men believed in astrology: it was thought that the movements of the planets had the most direct and important bearing upon the lives of human beings.
again rosa dartle tried to soothe her; again ineffectually.
it is true what madame says, observed jacques three.
glad to see you, sir, said mr. peggotty.
its possibilities for development are limitless.
there were twenty-three names, but only twenty were responded to; for one of the prisoners so summoned had died in gaol and been forgotten, and two had already been guillotined and forgotten.
steerforth evaded the question for a little while; looking in scorn and anger on his opponent, and remaining silent.
that's the kind of rulers the old partyites give you!
--hope you have had a pleasant evening, maam, said peggotty, standing as stiff as a barrel in the centre of the room, with a candlestick in her hand.
the trees have swallowed the ruins, and the bones under the ruins, and all the things which perished.
and now it appears theyre firing warning of another.
it was only by an effort that one could realize that it was made by animals, that it was the distant lowing of ten thousand cattle, the distant grunting of ten thousand swine.
what is the power that is worthy to be mine?
constructive journalism goes a step further when it insists that everything shall tend to be helpful and constructive.
the project as now formulated is to establish for immediate use a small group of public kitchens having one central depot.
the infinite numbers actually known, however, are all reflexive as well as non-inductive; thus, in mathematical practice, if not in theory, the two properties are always associated.
i could not see miss dartle, or the person whom we had heard her address.
thus you will read an account of our relations with mexico during the revolution in that country.
besides, its the brightest time of the whole day.
i will, with your leave, relate to you, miss, the story of one of our customers.
later in the nineteenth century men came to think more about freedom of contract than about enforcement of promises when made.
it began with the strange gentlemans sitting down at the table, drawing the candle to him, and looking over some entries in his pocket-book.
if he proposes to give information that can be applied by readers to their own activities, he must include those details that are necessary to any one who desires to make practical use of the information.
sometimes he would come up unexpectedly on the opposite side of me, having apparently passed directly under the boat.
thus there is no good reason, so far, for supposing that sensible objects must have outside causes.
many a time in my sleep had i heerd her cry out, uncle!
if a man is called jones, all his descendants in the direct male line are called jones; this follows from the fact that the property is hereditary.
i, for my part, was thoughtful too; for, how best to check this growing change in joe was a great perplexity to my remorseful thoughts.
she had had the usual string of impossible maids or none at all until she tried the new system.
there is a right way; but we are very liable from heedlessness and stupidity to take the wrong one.
the ancestors of these black people had been savages in africa; and since then they had been chattel slaves, or had been held down by a community ruled by the traditions of slavery.
only the subject we were speaking of, said i, was rather painful to me.
even with those aids, i might not have come to myself as soon as i did, but that i saw estella approaching with the keys, to let me out.
her own venture has so far paid its own way, and after the first year has left a neat margin of profit.
cried little lucie, springing up and throwing her arms passionately round him, in a burst of grief.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
either of us might be accused of it, you know.
how often have i done so, and the thing gone no further!
and so do i, i added, with a scarlet face.
), and by many associations of the days when what we call the world was not so real with me, and my faults were not confirmed in me.
thus you might treat of the reputation as converser, as organizer, as literary man, as public servant, as friend of the poor, or whatever heading your hero's life affords.
now dont pretend not to have a memory, because you and i know better.
the shrieks and the cries were audible there, though subdued by the distance.
really they must come out of the cart, master copperfield!
the place had a soothing influence on him.
oh, my eyes and limbs, what do you want?
the movement, the limitless sea, the distance from the land, cannot be ignored.
wisely the snow places a white hand over eager life unseen, but perceived in february's woods as a swimmer feels the changing moods of water in a lake fed by springs.
i dont want no driving, returned mr. peggotty with an honest laugh.
but as regards knowledge of truths, there is a dualism.
yet i wish i could acquire urbanity, very much as i would like to have wings.
if they cannot understand that, they cannot understand much that i have to say.
and a very handsome sum of money too, i think.
this year, for example, there has been erected a bungalow for general living purposes.
he then put up the pocket-book and set the candle a little aside, after peering round it into the darkness at joe and me, to ascertain which was which.
miss murdstone shut her eyes again, and bent her head.
added the clerk again, with another stir.)
we were thus a good while in getting to the adelphi.
then, says i, producing the money, just draw me a glass of the genuine stunning, if you please, with a good head to it.
i was never cast away nor distressed in any weather, though i encountered some severe storms.
my favorite recreations are climbing little mountains, chopping wood, and canoeing on lake michigan.
let us consider a body which is moving swiftly enough for its motion to be perceptible, and long enough for its motion to be not wholly comprised in one sensation.
he may be ten thousand miles from the home office, but he finds competition as keen as ever it is in fleet street or newspaper row.
it was a remedial system alongside of the law, taking the law for granted and giving legal rights greater efficacy in certain situations.
indeed, i go so far as to hope that i regarded myself while dressing as a species of savage young wolf or other wild beast.
he who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word.
pips a gentleman of fortun then, said joe, and god bless him in it!
if acquiesced in, it dulls and blunts the whole nature.
you may feel like turning in at eight instead of nine, and you may fall asleep with unusual promptitude, but your journey will begin clear-headedly, proceed springily, and end with much in reserve.
i nearly replied in a hurry that almost any woman would do for a wife; but that is not the way to bring people to conviction of sin.
do we part on this, you visionary boyor man?
no humane being, past the thoughtless age of boyhood, will wantonly murder any creature which holds its life by the same tenure that he does.
besides these desires, which are worthy of all respect, we have, however, others not so respectable, which equally make us desire free will.
but one cannot be too much on his guard in such a case, lest his actions be biassed by obstinacy, or an undue regard for the opinions of men.
i laid down my pen, and biddy stopped in her needlework without laying it down.
he walked by the stream, far from the houses, and in the light and warmth of the sun fell asleep on the bank.
the fee is owed to the owner of the project gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation.
the trial was very short and very clear.
i have heerd her tell, said mr. peggotty, as you was early left fatherless and motherless, with no friend fur to take, in a rough seafaring-way, their place.
it is the land of freedom measure without and liberty, because the people quotation marks for govern themselves.
and i couldnt be a match for the noodles, without being a match for your master, whos the dunder-headed king of the noodles.
instead of going to fitchburg, you will be working here the greater part of the day.
marija goes on the warpath straight off, without even the preliminary of a good cursing, and when she is pulled off it is with the coat collars of two villains in her hands.
we name what we conceive and believe in, not what we see; things, not images; souls, not voices and silhouettes.
it would take us too far from our main topic if we were to go into the question what actually occurs when we make this judgment.
most of the luxuries, and many of the so called comforts of life, are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.
but our intimacy was much advanced by his taking me on his back to carry me home.
after these records have been made, the manuscript is given to the first editorial reader.
if she was a hundred times my child, i couldnt love her more.
they were still fishing perseveringly, when he peeped in at the gate for the second time; but, now they seemed to have got a bite.
i hope you will be wiser than that, in a few days.
he connects his illness with great disturbance and agitation, naturally, and thats the figure, or the simile, or whatever its called, which he chooses to use.
and george is worthy of a passing thought.
if a writer has many of these envelopes, a one-drawer filing case will serve to keep them in good order.
and when the relapse fell on him, was he in most respects--or in all respects--as he was then?
jurgis had long ago cast off his fertilizer clothing, and since going into politics he had donned a linen collar and a greasy red necktie.
traddles was recommended to me by a professional friend.
mama, forgive me when i say that it was you who first presented to my mind the thought that anyone could wrong me, and wrong him, by such a cruel suspicion.
we sat in the dreamy room among the old strange influences which had so wrought upon me, and i learnt that she had but just come home from france, and that she was going to london.
there are mr. murdstone, our neighbour mr. grayper, mr. chillip, and i.
he answered, with a grave nod, jaggers knows.
i resented it, because it seemed to imply that he expected me to respond to it.
the lad is plainly in sight to the crowd on the decks.
they are all before me, just as they were in the evil hour when i went among them for the first time, with my trembling hand in mr. quinions.
oh, he said, i promised you a job, didn't i?
they went out without a sound, and down the great echoing staircase, and through the dark hall.
that we were not in a place for recrimination, and that i besought her to hold her peace.
and the third caution is, avoid being over technical.
we all got up then; and my mother said hurriedly that, as it was so late, and mr. and miss murdstone approved of early hours for young people, perhaps i had better go to bed.
they were so weak from fright that they could not walk, but had to sit down on the way.
i shall consider his view again in connection with words; for the present i am only concerned to combat his denial of images.
cooperating with the new york state food commission, the farm bureau had a power-tractor ditcher placed in the county last summer.
when the shadows gathered among the trees, we stopped in a hollow between the roots, where we shall sleep tonight.
he was eating as well as drinking, and seemed to eat with a hungry appetite.
how could i expect to be wanted, being so lone and lorn, and so contrary!
but, they tore up their handkerchiefs to make fresh bandages, and carefully replaced it in the sling, until we could get to the town and obtain some cooling lotion to put upon it.
a customer's first order is sent because of the representation made in the advertisement that he read.
write a theme on any of the following subjects, adapting your style to the character of the subject--formal or informal, impersonal or personal, etc.
you have heard of a man of bad character, whose true name is compeyson?
you dont mean to say that there is any affinity between nautical matters and ecclesiastical matters?
cradle drills--leyner, leyner rock terrier, stephens imperial hammer drills and the kimber.
i asked him then, which of the two do you suppose you saw?
the title, the sub-title, and the author's name should be repeated at the beginning of the article in the middle of the first page, even though they have been given on the cover page.
second impression second impression.
they danced to the popular revolution song, keeping a ferocious time that was like a gnashing of teeth in unison.
no, sir, he replied; probably not very long, sir.
if my ideas of the qualities of ideal tennis courts are erratic or queer, my judgment of the individual court will be untrustworthy.
i am afraid it was hypocritical in me, but seeing that my aunt felt strongly on the subject, i tried to look as if i felt strongly too.
it was in the time before motors, and we rode backwards in the carriage.
and if we cannot prove this, we also cannot prove the unreality of space and time and matter and evil, for this is deduced by hegel from the fragmentary and relational character of these things.
bulletins would be read, and the people would shout themselves hoarse--and then some one would make a speech, and there would be more shouting; and then a brief silence, and more bulletins.
i want to know about what you spoke of--i want to help.
i had been unhappy in trying it; i could not endure my own solitary wisdom; i could not reconcile it with her former appeal to me as my child-wife.
he studied the effects of adrenin on various parts of the body; he found that it causes the pupils to dilate, hairs to stand erect, blood vessels to be constricted, and so on.
i do, and you cant help yourself, replied uriah.
there is a difference between boys and men, but it is a difference of self-knowledge chiefly.
four or five miles to the east of them lay the blue waters of lake michigan; but for all the good it did them it might have been as far away as the pacific ocean.
there is an interesting discussion of the reflexiveness of infinite wholes in the first of galileo's dialogues on motion.
no, no, said i. mrs. joram tossed her head, endeavouring to be very stern and cross; but she could not command her softer self, and began to cry.
the harp had not been used for many and many a day.
the strange gentleman beckoned him out of his place, and joe went.
it is odd that he did not see that the future too has one end at the present, and is precisely on a level with the past.
if this can be done, then all the propositions of physics can be translated, by a sort of dictionary, into propositions about the kinds of objects which are given in sensation.
there is on the one hand the thing of which we are aware--say the colour of my table--and on the other hand the actual awareness itself, the mental act of apprehending the thing.
jurgis and two policemen chased some men into a bar-room.
it was passing attention at the best; for after a time the little bell annunciator began to sing merrily and persistently at him--and invariably its commanding needle pointed to d.r.
so at least you say he may have been one of them?
the president asked, was the accused openly denounced or secretly?
following an era of anarchy and disunion and violence men desired order and organization and peace.
but i do not think such an inference is warranted.
no doubt he makes this statement because he has confidence that the purification of water is both simple and safe.
in order to raise his crops he pits himself against the weather and the seasons; he forces the soil to his wishes; he wars against the plant world, the bacterial world.
no, no, no; you are too young, too blooming.
but unfenced nature reaching up to your very sills.
the whole study of the heavens, which now belongs to astronomy, was once included in philosophy; newton's great work was called 'the mathematical principles of natural philosophy'.
it was the same in all the packing house cities; and suddenly the newspapers and public woke up to face the gruesome spectacle of a meat famine.
or have you alone heard some news from phthia?
why do you injuriously introduce the name of my mother by adoption?
if mr. copperfield, or if you, mr. traddles, feel the least scruple, in giving this promise, i beg you to take time to consider it.
everywhere he went, from one end of the vast city to the other, there were hundreds of others like him; everywhere was the sight of plenty and the merciless hand of authority waving them away.
forced my brother to draw upon him, and has fallen by my brother's sword--like a gentleman.'
i wanted to pay my tribute to the sea, its ships and its men, to whom i remain indebted for so much which has gone to make me what i am.
instead of just waiting in sweet, sighing idleness i took courses in domestic science, studied dietetics, mastered double-entry and learned to sew.
after i'd swept and dusted and prepared meals for two, i had hours of time on my hands.
i do not wish to suggest that the way in which i have been defining perceptions is the only possible way, or even the best way.
i have never meant to be sullen since i came back.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
if the senses are subtly related, so that they enforce or complement each other, our phrase becomes imaginatively forcible, or, in other words, recognizable poetry as distinguished from the unconscious poetry of language.
i saw that she was parting in the middle, and that the life of the solitary man upon the mast hung by a thread.
in asking a question of a calculating machine, you must use its language: you must not address it in english, any more than you would address an englishman in chinese.
at the same instant a stout woman, with painted cheeks and diamonds in her ears, came running down the stairs, panting breathlessly: to the rear!
they were both upright in their carriage, formal, precise, composed, and quiet.
unlike us, they cannot carry their home with them to the battlefields.
so i sat at the staircase window, until he came out with another chair and joined me.
for should any men save the scholars learn of our secret, they would not understand it, nor would they believe us.
maeterlinck, who attributes emotions to plants and souls to bees, might wrap a drama of destiny about this insect.
the doctor sat with his face turned away, and his eyes bent on the ground.
but i knew them well, and could have found my way on a far darker night, and had no excuse for returning, being there.
when they took a young man into tellson's london house, they hid him somewhere till he was old.
the relation of friendship to similarity in point of view.
i have no relief but in putting on my best clothes, and having my boots cleaned over and over again.
modern continental law, apart from certain requirements of proof, resting on the same policy as our statute of frauds, asks only, did the promisor intend to create a binding duty?
the better i loved her, the more it behoved me never to forget it.
a theory of law as the outcome of class struggles.
but the greatest wonder that i heard of mr. creakle was, there being one boy in the school on whom he never ventured to lay a hand, and that boy being j. steerforth.
it is obvious that there are grave difficulties in carrying out these definitions, but we will not linger over them.
as drummle and startop had each a boat, i resolved to set up mine, and to cut them both out.
it is truly painful to contemplate mankind in such an aspect, master copperfield, but our reception was, decidedly, cool.
either a book or a card index may be used.
now, for example, mr. traddles, said mrs. micawber, assuming a profound air, a judge, or even say a chancellor.
beginning with the popular weekly and monthly magazines, a writer may well extend his study to those periodicals that appeal to particular classes, such as women's magazines, agricultural journals, and trade publications.
let me finish wot i was a telling you, dear boy.
the business man in seeking to realize his ambitions and purposes was checked neither by government control nor social custom.
the moonlight, which seems so lucid and brilliant when you look up, is all pearl and smoke round the pond and the hills.
analyze any of the following problems, first without recommendation of solution, and second with recommendation as if you were making a report to a committee or employer or officer.
what is best suited to a person of mr. micawbers peculiar temperament is, i am convinced, a certainty.
a ninth idea of law takes it to be a system of precepts discovered by human experience whereby the individual human will may realize the most complete freedom possible consistently with the like freedom of will of others.
we did this work alone, for no words of ours could take the golden one away from the big glass which is not glass.
but here is something that will influence you: if you try to dodge the draft and are caught, there is a heavy penalty, both fine and imprisonment; and you're almost sure to get caught.
this was a disagreeable way of putting the business; because it imposed upon me, a perfect stranger, the unpleasantness of asking mr. dolloby to rob his family on my account.
i could not bring myself to bear the sight of him, and i thought he had a worse look by daylight.
her husband's step was strong and prosperous among them; her father's firm and equal.
he shows clearly enough that the law of property is becoming socialized.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
that somebody was assassinated by somebody vindicating a difference of opinion was the likeliest occurrence.
this is a bank-note, said i, for five hundred pounds.
the night before last was a dreadful one at sea.
there was no one in the quaint old drawing-room, though it presented tokens of mrs. heeps whereabouts.
of my friend heep, said mr. micawber, who is a man of remarkable shrewdness, i desire to speak with all possible respect.
to his cousins it seemed preposterous that wood could be so converted, but alberto was convincing.
you doent ought--a married man like you--or whats as good--to take and hull away a days work.
there was also her brother jonas, a dried-up little man who had worked upon the farm.
his manner was so final, and i was so astonished, that i followed where he led, as if i had been under a spell.
you have to get at these things by a different avenue of approach.
he clenched his hands tighter yet, and his voice was hard as he spoke.
do you know what i cant help thinking of, traddles, as i sit here looking at you?
and what was compeysons business in which we was to go pardners?
he had never thought of that aspect of it before.
my aunt put on her spectacles twice or thrice, to take another look at me, but as often took them off again, disappointed, and rubbed her nose with them.
seeing him, i felt that i was in a dangerous strait indeed, and i kept my eyes upon him.
that set me thinking, and you found me thinking.
by concentration of energy in some other region of the brain, by using the normal portions, we give this affected part an opportunity to rest and recuperate.
i was working in the stockyards, and he-- i see, said his honor; i guess that will do.
but i was at the same time conscious of a slight insanity in my mood, and seemed to foresee my recovery.
after what has happened, and after his recovery, i find it difficult to imagine any such violent sounding of that string again.
physics and psychology are not distinguished by their material.
trust me no more, but trust me no less, than you would trust a full-sized woman, said the little creature, touching me appealingly on the wrist.
other than the corrections listed above, printer's inconsistencies in spelling, punctuation, and hyphenation have been retained.
the word came by long-distance telephone in a cipher code, just a little while before each race; and any man who could get the secret had as good as a fortune.
said i. i could not help being rather short with him, but he appeared not to mind it.
but unhappily there is no security in the state of the public mind, that the suspension of worse forms of legal persecution, which has lasted for about the space of a generation, will continue.
by this time, i quite gave traddles up for lost; and settled in my own mind that there was no hope for him.
of course, stealing is a relative term, like anything else connected with morality.
deep snows would come again, and who would carry ona to her work now?
so the butler, who was terrified lest his young master should waken, stepped suddenly to the door, and opened it.
to remind; and passed the intervening period in a state of dotage.
haven't i already dragged you down--you, a lovely, fine-grained, highly evolved woman--down to the position of a servant in my house?
henceforth i shall decline to eat them, even in the house of my friends.
when he cared to talk, he talked well; but, the cloud of caring for nothing, which overshadowed him with such a fatal darkness, was very rarely pierced by the light within him.
then jurgis slowly and warily approached him; he took out the bill, and fumbled it for a moment, while the man stared at him with hostile eyes across the counter.
great as are the differences of position which remain, they are nothing to those which have ceased.
why, here, said mrs. markleham, taking a letter from the chimney-piece above the doctors head, the dear fellow says to the doctor himself--where is it?
all this i did; and when at last i did see a turnkey (poor little fellow that i was!
i would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself than be crowded on a velvet cushion.
no doubt the skeleton is conveyed from poe.
one stood and watched, and little by little caught the drift of the tide, as it set in the direction of the packing houses.
if i say yes, may i kiss the cheek again?
if i dont brood over all i want, it is the better for me, and not the worse for anyone.
what time miss mills sat looking at the moon, murmuring verses--and recalling, i suppose, the ancient days when she and earth had anything in common.
in the outer office wemmick offered me his congratulations, and incidentally rubbed the side of his nose with a folded piece of tissue-paper that i liked the look of.
there are a few who remember his little patch among the walnuts, which he let grow up till he should be old and need them; but a younger and whiter speculator got them at last.
his knees were shaking beneath him, and his mind was in a whirl.
my clothes were rather a disappointment, of course.
hence juristic thought addressed itself to this for a season rather than to the doctrine of consideration and the reason for non-enforcement of deliberate promises where not put in the form of bargains.
miss murdstone, i returned, i think you and mr. murdstone used me very cruelly, and treated my mother with great unkindness.
if the impression were not produced by a real corresponding and sufficient cause, how came he, jarvis lorry, there?
the law of gravitation, for example, is a physical law, while the law of association is a psychological law.
consider the energies wasted in the seeking of markets, the sterile trades, such as drummer, solicitor, bill-poster, advertising agent.
i walked to and fro, tried to read an old gazetteer, listened to the awful noises: looked at faces, scenes, and figures in the fire.
we are not prepared to believe that every private soldier in a roman army had a name of his ownbecause we have not supposed that he had a character of his own.
it is a terrifying journey, beneath and behind the falls.
the nearest approach would be some such statement as 'i like this'.
the revolutionary spirit is mighty convenient in this, that it frees one from all scruples as regards ideas.
she was not unfrequently the victim of this disorder, and she called it, in familiar conversation, a fit of the jerks.
our country is so large that a citizen is really justified, mentally and morally, in being provincial.
as i passed him, his teeth loudly chattered in his head, and with every mark of extreme humiliation, he prostrated himself in the dust.
after this invention there was no longer number one, two, and three grade--there was only number one grade.
in all this we have characteristic differences between the behaviour of animals and the behaviour of matter as studied by physics.
she went on, clapping a hand on each of her little knees, and glancing shrewdly at me, im of too full a habit, thats the fact, steerforth.
i think, said agnes, that the honourable course to take, would be to write to those two ladies.
my dear friend, said mr. pumblechook, taking me by both hands, when he and i and the collation were alone, i give you joy of your good fortune.
i have looked it in the face, in my different way; look it in the face, you, in your different way.
if you are paying your assistant twelve dollars for a forty-four-hour week, you are giving her twenty-eight cents an hour.
we do not know, but we shall learn.
i had some association with it, that struck upon my heart directly; but i was thinking of anything else when it came upon me, and was confused.
thus it will be seen that french law came very near to a logically consistent scheme of liability for fault, and civil liability for fault only, throughout the whole delictal field.
many of the saloons in packingtown had pool tables, and some of them bowling alleys, by means of which he could spend his evenings in petty gambling.
i would like to get some breakfast, please, he said.
it is customary to divide human movements into three classes, voluntary, reflex and mechanical.
there were no decorations in the hall this time; but there was quite a crowd upon the platform, and almost every seat in the place was filled.
the best of all was, that, in the midst of their exactions, all the sisters had a great tenderness and respect both for sophy and traddles.
orlick, as if he had been of no more account than the pale young gentleman, was very soon among the coal-dust, and in no hurry to come out of it.
yes, sir, returned uriah; but mr. maldon has come back, and he begs the favour of a word.
as slumber gradually stole upon me, i heard the wind howling out at sea and coming on across the flat so fiercely, that i had a lazy apprehension of the great deep rising in the night.
perhaps i know more of estellas history than even you do, said i. i know her father too.
--never more, oh god forgive you, steerforth!
why should i not be in all the worlds power if i am in yours?
i saw it alight in the partially closed wound and crawl home; then came others and others, little bands and squads of them heavily freighted with honey from the box.
he has learned many things in school, but little or nothing of the industrial world in which he must live.
they thrust him into a cell room, where other prisoners were waiting; and as soon as court had adjourned they led him down with them into the black maria, and drove him away.
(and above all, he will never forget the gleam of idealism that he received in the old halls, the vision of his chance to serve his fellows.)
and all of us have like wonders hidden in our breasts, only needing circumstances to evoke them.
our friend, with his infinite variety and flexibility, we knowbut can we put him in?
there i was comfortable, and not afraid of being myself.
the second objection is more nearly allied to our subject.
we found wires that led to strange little globes of glass on the walls; they contained threads of metal thinner than a spiders web.
a man with the gout in his right handand everywhere elsecant expect to get through a double gloucester without hurting himself.
why, i am a boy, sir, to half a dozen old codgers here!
for four possible solutions may be found for such cases.
he stood up sometimes, and asked me what i thought of the prospect.
the mere occurrence of images, without this feeling of belief, constitutes imagination; it is the element of belief that is the distinctive thing in memory.
i have attained the dignity of twenty-one.
if he has time and interest, however, he may secure the desired results more nearly by developing and printing his own pictures.
there are not many ounces of common sense in the brain of him who proves it, or of him who believes it.
usually it is easier to find a tree half a mile away than from only a few yards.
you know he has nothing to recommend him but money and a ridiculous roll of addle-headed predecessors; now, dont you?
men could receive the law of bartolus so long as they believed it but the logical unfolding of the pre-existing content of the binding legislation of justinian.
mr. micawber, with his hand upon the ruler in his breast, stood erect before the door, most unmistakably contemplating one of his fellow-men, and that man his employer.
twenty-four editions in seven languages.
think of me at home with my brother like myself and sister like myself, when my days work is done.
he had a sense of humor, and later on, when he became an old hand, he used to think it fun to board a streetcar and see what happened.
the water contained some minute organisms which when acted upon by the chemical in the tube have set up a fermentation.
he must dare to lose at every turn; scarcely a week passes in which he does not lose, sometimes heavily, sometimes considerably.
closely associated with the unique is the extraordinary, the curious.
they are the best of them tied up within those narrow bounds, and have not (as i think) the faculty to enlarge them by any kind of abstraction.
he readily responded to his daughter's drawing her arm through his, and took--and kept--her hand in both his own.
instantly the ghost passed once more and was gone.
i derive more of my subsistence from the swamps which surround my native town than from the cultivated gardens in the village.
some weeks passed without bringing any change.
but this supposition, natural as it is, is mistaken.
they had a dreadful time of it with her.
it matters little comparatively whether the fields fill the farmers barns.
they were even boastful of its eminence in those particulars, and were fired by an express conviction that, if it were less objectionable, it would be less respectable.
soldiers--american soldiers of irish descent--have souls and hearts.
proud of his commission, and understanding it, mr. dick accompanied her as a shepherds dog might accompany a sheep.
but i had no particular liking, that i could discover, for anything.
the man rolled them back; another vista lost itself in the darkness.
i had been writing, in the newspaper and elsewhere, so prosperously, that when my new success was achieved, i considered myself reasonably entitled to escape from the dreary debates.
youll be so glad to hear, mr. copperfield, said dora, that that cross miss murdstone is not here.
the sociologists, sincere and amateur, crowded the benches and took notes.
were the expression, i have now found summun i can care for!--you dont eat enough, sir, nor yet drink.
with one line established, we move on, establish another, find the tree and attack it.
that done, extricate yourself, in heavens name, and well see it out together, dear old boy.
i had never laughed and cried in all my life, i dare say--not even to her--more freely than i did that morning.
no one can assist you; you are to work it out for yourselves.
in view of the future or possible, we should live quite laxly and undefined in front, our outlines dim and misty on that side; as our shadows reveal an insensible perspiration toward the sun.
jurgis was naturally glad to accept, and so the night watchman said a few words to the boss, and he was excused for the rest of the day.
all such circumstances were indifferent to him, so that he did his duty.
this sentence should include the emotional appeal either as stated in a separate clause or phrase, or as expressed in the choice of words to present the facts.
i looked at agnes when she said these words, without detecting in her any consciousness of uriahs design.
you dont suppose, i hope, that you are the only plain dealer in the world?
and above all, he will never forget the gleam of idealism that he received in the old halls, the vision of his chance to serve his fellows.
do the best you can, without straining yourself too much and too continuously, and leave the rest to god.
and yet in his fine devotion to his art, in his honest and serviceable friendship for schiller, what lessons are contained!
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
every new class, moreover, is a different proposition, as i once heard my brother say of his customers.
whether it had been born alive, or the poor mother's shock had killed it.
yes, i had a satisfaction in the thought of marrying an inexperienced and artless person, and forming her character, and infusing into it some amount of that firmness and decision of which it stood in need.
it was bending eagerly towards me, and beckoning.
he inquired, following the direction of my glance, and polishing the elbow with his arm.
i should have written if i had thought that.
they are no better than wooden horses to hang the clean clothes on.
dynamos are bolted to the floor, purring under their shields like comfortable cats; abaft of them a twenty-horse-power wolseley petrol-engine supplies motive power for everything.
the same economy of hypothesis, which dictates the practical adoption of a relative rather than an absolute space and time, also dictates the practical adoption of material elements which have a finite extension and duration.
they followed it, this time, as eager as children in sight of a circus menagerie--which, indeed, the scene a good deal resembled.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
and he defined the emotion by connecting it with some known story, poem, or even picture: mazeppa, victor hugo's les preludes, kaulbach's die hunnenschlacht, or the like.
between memory-image and sensation there is an intermediate experience concerning the immediate past.
dora would look up hopelessly, and reply, they wont come right.
most of the men, when they came out, made straight for a saloon--they seemed to place fertilizer and rattlesnake poison in one class.
do you decline to take those letters, mr. copperfield?
and after taps had sounded in the street outside our door, and there was yawning, and wrist-watches were being scanned, the evening's entertainment ended, by general consent, with patriotic selections.
he had never worked in a steel mill before?
we shall have much to say in the next two lectures on the subject of images as copies of sensations.
't is all very well to like vegetables and fruit up to a certain point; but to breakfast on apples!
the two ghastly casts on the shelf were not far from him, and their expression was as if they were making a stupid apoplectic attempt to attend to the conversation.
it flung a soft, caressing radiance on its shabby home, and on its mistress, and on the other girls and boys.
for that matter, to the faithful reader of the newspapers, daily and sunday, what can there be new in this world from the pyramids by moonlight to the habits of the night prowler?
his bloated gaoler, who wore spectacles to read with, glanced over them to assure himself that he had taken his place, and went through the list, making a similar short pause at each name.
he deals not with things, but with the impressions and analogies of things.
the grandeur of thebes was a vulgar grandeur.
but economy, which is the cardinal virtue, will require as little diffusion, as great concentration as possible.
he thought of everybodys claims and strivings, but his own.
and this applies equally when there is one object or none which falls under the general term.
you might say that there was really but one socialist principle--that of no compromise, which was the essence of the proletarian movement all over the world.
the rounds of the bridge go on--the writing of the log, the tapping of the glass, the small measures that mark the passing of our sea-hours.
and he would have told the pitchfork senator all his experiences, had not harry adams and a friend grabbed him about the neck and shoved him into a seat.
it was natural that the arrival of the steamer in english waters should not have been looked upon with any great favor by the englishmen.
now, said herbert, as it was succeeded by silence, hes drinking.
a moment ago her face had been ashen gray, now it was scarlet.
we have come to see how great is the unexplored, and many lifetimes will not bring us to the end of our quest.
now, herbert, said i, with reference to gaining some knowledge of his history.
a good patriot, said the other, could hardly have been more afflicted if the aristocrat had drawn a blank.
i had tried hard at it, but had made nothing of it.
say i am, my child; say yes, dear boy, and peggotty will love you; and peggottys love is a great deal better than mine, davy.
when he spoke he paced the stage, lithe and eager, like a panther.
we sat round the fire, and talked delightfully.
it calls on the young and the old alike to face these facts, even though they are hard and sometimes unpleasant.
in every animal but man the head actually precedes the rest of the body as the creature moves.
to be so, they must be reasonably true to the human comedy; and any work that is so serves the turn of instruction.
i discovered that my house actually had its site in such a withdrawn, but forever new and unprofaned, part of the universe.
appearances have for some time indicated that all three impulses are well-nigh spent; and we can expect no fresh start, until we again assert our mental freedom.
they have occupied themselves rather in inquiring what things society ought to like or dislike, than in questioning whether its likings or dislikings should be a law to individuals.
except in my bad side of human nature, murmured biddy.
what we actually do ourselves, as well as what we see others do, may be turned to good use in writing articles.
peggy mel came in a few moments ago in great haste, and one of the up-stairs packers says she was loaded till she groaned with apple-blossom honey which she deposited, and then rushed off again like mad.
if we are right in our analysis of belief, the use of words in expressing beliefs is apt to be misleading.
i felt, as he had felt, that all was at an end between us.
you would not have seen them, he returned.
; all these are things of which i am immediately conscious when i am seeing and touching my table.
and you, she said, in a voice of touching interest to a wanderer,you live abroad still?
in this lynx-like scrutiny she was so far from faltering when she saw i observed it, that at such a time she only fixed her piercing look upon me with a more intent expression still.
physical science, more or less unconsciously, has drifted into the view that all natural phenomena ought to be reduced to motions.
what nervous folly made me start, and awfully connect it with the footstep of my dead sister, matters not.
in the remainder of the present lecture, i wish to state and explain the problem of infinity, to show how it arose, and to show the irrelevance of all the solutions proposed by philosophers.
master freddie clambered in with some difficulty, and jurgis had started to follow, when the driver shouted: hi, there!
my right hand was not so badly burnt but that i could move the fingers.
so elzbieta went on, with feverish intensity.
that is a black shadow to be following the girl, said steerforth, standing still; what does it mean?
we saw, i think, the greater part of the medway; and that is my individual conclusion.
now, ladybird, never you stir from that fire till i come back!
but i could not submit to be thrown off in that way, and i made a passionate, almost an indignant appeal, to him to be more frank and manly with me.
mr. cruncher, sitting on a stool in a public place, but not being a poet, mused as little as possible, and looked about him.
praps its them that writes fifty hands, and thats not like sneaking you as writes but one.
but its utility is manifest, and it is rare among men: chaucer and shakespeare prove the possibility of its absence in masters of that very branch of art in which its presence would seem to be imperative.
what agony it was to him to look back upon those golden hours, when he, too, had a place beneath the shadow of the plum tree!
this youngster had to make a curve of the grocer's trucking before he could visualize it himself.
there are doorways and dust-heaps for such deaths, and such despair--find one, and take your flight to heaven!
well, shes unsettled at present, said mr. omer.
i have got a stewed steak,which is of home preparation,and a cold roast fowl,which is from the cooks-shop.
thank you, trotwood, returned mr. dick, laughing, and reaching across in high glee to shake hands with me.
it remains to consider some twentieth-century theories.
one place do i recall where you had a complete dinner for sixpence--i dare not try to remember the items.
mr. copperfield and myself, said miss murdstone, with severe composure, are connexions.
and above us the hole open upon the sky grew smaller and smaller, till it came to be the size of a button.
he wept; but so far recovered, almost immediately, as to ring the bell for the waiter, and bespeak a hot kidney pudding and a plate of shrimps for breakfast in the morning.
i accepted the gift thankfully, and bought a loaf with it.
he was fighting for his life; he gnashed his teeth together in his desperation.
leaving them together, i went home to peggottys; more melancholy myself, if possible, than i had been yet.
and even this remnant of household group ownership is dissolving.
it still increased, until our horses could scarcely face the wind.
what is urged as an objection is the safety-valve of the proposed system.
they are a tall, strong youth and their eyes are like fireflies, for there is laughter in their eyes.
i can consider the hand, the eye, the nose, each by itself abstracted or separated from the rest of the body.
thank you, said mr. micawber, waving his hand as of old, and settling his chin in his shirt-collar.
still, said jurgis, reflectively, he never did us any harm.
women work in the fields, and their white tunics in the wind are like the wings of sea-gulls beating over the black soil.
the housework is speeded up with such conveniences as hot and cold water in kitchen and bathroom, and steam heat.
he had gradually dropped to the floor, and lay there in a lethargy, worn out.
fifty thousand socialist votes in chicago means a municipal-ownership democracy in the spring!
i was aware that you sustained a bereavement, sir, some time ago, said mr. chillip.
more than ever one feels that sound liquor, in moderation, is a preservative of both body and wit.
he is not fed, sheltered, clothed, warmed, like his contemporaries.
jurgis half shouted, and he took a step toward the child.
universals of this sort may be called 'sensible qualities'.
in this condition, he felt more incapable of finishing the memorial than ever; and the harder he worked at it, the oftener that unlucky head of king charles the first got into it.
the subject makes but a trifling part of any piece of literature, and the view of the writer is itself a fact more important because less disputable than the others.
then jurgis bade farewell, and went on his way.
what have the people been about, who have been the busiest in getting money, and in getting power, this century or two?
but he stepped aside, deliberately, and let her fall.
mr. carton, who had so long sat looking at the ceiling of the court, changed neither his place nor his attitude, even in this excitement.
no doubt, my dear jane, returned my mother, your understanding is very vigorous-- oh dear, no!
(to the boy, and with a dreadfully severe stare; foreseeing the danger of that miscreants brushing me with it, or making some other sign of familiarity.)
such biography sometimes covers a whole life, more often only a fraction from which we are to judge of the whole.
kant's argument as regards space here rests upon his argument as regards time.
bawled this figure, addressing the inn servants.
we had a whole house to ourselves--and sometimes even a maid!
when he can get to it--which depends on many uncertainties and incidents--he might see you in the street, he thinks, if you stood in a certain place that i can show you.
not so much for the sake of principle, i believe, as because she happened not to like him.
the men who have been accepted by the non-commissioned officer are put through their paces again, and so expert is the corporal in judging good material that none of steve's group of eight are rejected.
we can put in the quaint figure that spoke a hundred words with us yesterday by the wayside; but do we know him?
repeated mr. jorkins, in an impatient manner.
it would have done so, pretty surely, in conjunction with the mental wear and tear i had suffered, but for the unnatural strain upon me that to-morrow was.
but if a person who knew bismarck made a judgement about him, the case is different.
at least two free sundays a month should be given and a convenient week-day substituted for the other two sundays.
she's got a place, and she's doing well; she'll be glad to see you.
this is by no means a truism, but on the contrary a palpable falsehood.
then he commanded him to bring number five, and number eight.
its obligation, therefore, never exceeds that of expediency.
i went to see the stranger, as a doctors commons sort of play, and was so dreadfully cut up, that i hardly knew myself in my own glass when i got home.
his practised eye saw it, and made the most of it.
o. henry is on the spot to prove that they can.
so i went my way accompanied by them; arcturus followed me, and becoming entangled in a leafy tree, shone by glimpses, and then emerged triumphant, lord of the western sky.
in the same way labels can be made for bottles and cans.
after perusing it, i taxed miss spenlow with having many such letters in her possession; and ultimately obtained from her the packet which is now in david copperfields hand.
he attended on us, as i may say, in sackcloth and ashes.
i soon became at least as expeditious and as skilful as either of the other boys.
in actual fact, there are doubtless various factors that concur in giving us the feeling of greater or less remoteness in some remembered event.
madam, returned mr. micawber, it was the dream of my youth, and the fallacious aspiration of my riper years.
if our speck is in motion along the scale throughout the whole of a certain time, it cannot be at the same point at two consecutive instants.
when we hear a man speaking, we infer that he has certain thoughts.
he said all of us--that we would not have to work.
i can only suppose now, that it was a part of his policy, as a very clever man, habitually to deceive his own instruments.
he never could come into the office, without ordering and shoving me about, said uriah.
the world with which we are commonly acquainted leaves no trace, and it will have no anniversary.
he kalled a kouncil of war to konsider what kourse it would be advisable to take.
instantly, all the rest fell to dancing, and the courtyard overflowed with the carmagnole.
to conceal a sentiment, if you are sure you hold it, is to take a liberty with truth.
the shifting geography of intellectual leadership in the world.
he was a little, dried-up irishman, whose hands shook.
the tale has a root there; it grows in that soil; it has a spine of its own behind the words.
if you were shown a great heap of dolls, and were set upon them to pluck them to pieces and despoil them for your own advantage, you would pick out the richest and gayest.
but we didn't have any children then, and i had quite outgrown my childhood.
triumph the dread tribunal of five judges, public prosecutor, and determined jury, sat every day.
as i could obtain a perspective view of mr. omer inside, smoking his pipe by the parlour door, i entered, and asked him how he was.
but you deal not with lifeless baggage but with the fascinating compound of flesh and blood, of desire and of will, that changes the face of the world.
everybody should know his own business, said mr. jaggers.
and it is no cheap impunity that he faces in his errant hardihood.
suppose i am invited to become king of georgia: i find the prospect attractive, and go to cook's to buy a third-class ticket to my new realm.
they say they see the same table, because the differences between the two tables they see are slight and not practically important.
i either have to stand it or quit, and it would be the same anywhere else.
i expressed my regret for having innocently touched upon a theme that roused him so much.
hence, if this doctrine is true, there can never be more than one fact concerning any one thing.
your report would be valueless because it would be, in a vital point, quite lacking.
theres twice as much in the newspaper, since ive taken to this chair, as there used to be.
in london, he had expected neither to walk on pavements of gold, nor to lie on beds of roses; if he had had any such exalted expectation, he would not have prospered.
sherlock's style, too, is very elegant, though he has not made it his principal study.--and you may add smalridge.
i am really afraid he does not, says my mother.
it would have been easy to perceive that they had not slept all last night, even if peggotty had failed to tell me of their still sitting just as i left them, when it was broad day.
you're what's called an honest workingman!
well may he say that the task is too great for mortal man.
this was built by stephen vail of speedwell, n.j., and the boiler by david dod of elizabeth, n. j.
encouraged by these gracious words, and by my aunts extending her hand, barkis came forward, and took the hand, and curtseyed her acknowledgements.
the silence i especially remember as delightful, and i never felt from the first the slightest constraint; mr. garrison had the courtesy that goes with active considerateness.
poor jurgis was not very happy in his home-life.
if belief were so regarded, we should find that, like acquaintance, it would not admit of the opposition of truth and falsehood, but would have to be always true.
the material counts for nothing with him: he has moulted it away.
whatever we are acquainted with must be something; we may draw wrong inferences from our acquaintance, but the acquaintance itself cannot be deceptive.
yet jokubas szedvilas read on and on; and presently there developed that he had good reason for doing so.
the latter gave him his address, or rather the address of his mistress, and made jurgis promise to look him up.
to induce well-known men to prepare such articles, an editor generally offers them more than he normally pays.
dinner-time, and still no hundreds of people.
there was no window--the only light came from windows near the roof at one end of the court outside.
we lifted the golden one in our arms and we carried them to a bed, their head falling softly upon our shoulder.
the time drawing on rapidly for the sailing of the emigrant-ship, my good old nurse (almost broken-hearted for me, when we first met) came up to london.
unjust laws exist: shall we be content to obey them, or shall we endeavor to amend them, and obey them until we have succeeded, or shall we transgress them at once?
she lost her colour, and the old and intent expression was a constant, not an occasional, thing; otherwise, she remained very pretty and comely.
she had her arms around the doctors neck, and he leant his head down over her, mingling his grey hair with her dark brown tresses.
i was no longer the central figure of my dreams; the dry weeds in the lane crackled beneath the tread of heroes.
lamb asks, and hits the heart of the informal essay.
as emly held out her hand to ham, i saw him put in it a little canvas bag.
so i proceed in peace to declare that i have always suspected in the effort to bring into play the extremities of emotions the debasing touch of insincerity.
if youre ready, his majesty the king is.
accordingly i was called out of school next forenoon, and found mr. micawber in the parlour; who had called to say that the dinner would take place as proposed.
there is teta elzbieta, and marija, sobbing loudly; and then there is only the silent night, with the stars beginning to pale a little in the east.
no one can be a great thinker who does not recognise, that as a thinker it is his first duty to follow his intellect to whatever conclusions it may lead.
mr. jorkins is not to be moved, believe me!
in my heart i believed her to be right; and yet i took it rather ill, too, that she should be so positive on the point.
mr. lorry's business eye read in the speaker's face that it was loss of time to dwell upon the point.
but we must remember that things are not always what they seem.
it was with a depressed heart that i walked in the starlight for an hour and more, about the courtyard, and about the brewery, and about the ruined garden.
in such a life there is no peace, but a constant strife between the insistence of desire and the powerlessness of will.
you know what it is, uriah, as well as i do.
only our medical friends have a right to speak of the great doctor's place in their own world; but one would like to see his honorable place as a man of letters more generally understood.
nine days the marriage-day was shining brightly, and they were ready outside the closed door of the doctor's room, where he was speaking with charles darnay.
we went into the house, which was cheerfully lighted up, and into a hall where there were all sorts of hats, caps, great-coats, plaids, gloves, whips, and walking-sticks.
in fact, she has very little left, indeed.
not only were my arms pulled close to my sides, but the pressure on my bad arm caused me exquisite pain.
thus our principle states that if this implies that, and this is true, then that is true.
but, mr. darnay, oblivion is not so easy to me, as you represent it to be to you.
one of the simplest examples of a compact series is the series of fractions in order of magnitude.
i think that some of the things we observe cannot, even theoretically, be observed by any one else.
some introspective facts are as certain as any facts of sense.
he remained, therefore, in his seat near the window, reading and writing, and expressing in as many pleasant and natural ways as he could think of, that it was a free place.
shell work at them clothes, as must be made; and i hope her troubles will begin to seem longer ago than they was, wen she finds herself once more by her rough but loving uncle.
the skin of a woodchuck was freshly stretched upon the back of the house, a trophy of his last waterloo; but no warm cap or mittens would he want more.
the sinking sound of melting snow is heard in all dells, and the ice dissolves apace in the ponds.
those that have mental causes and physical effects might perhaps be identified with what we call voluntary movements; but they do not concern us at present.
they were planning to be married in the spring, and have the garret of the house fixed up, and live there.
how handsome the great sweeping curves in the edge of the ice, answering somewhat to those of the shore, but more regular!
i left salem house upon the morrow afternoon.
cried my sister, addressing us both at once.
such persons, if they can once get their creed taught from authority, naturally think that no good, and some harm, comes of its being allowed to be questioned.
the two other street sweepers of our brigade were a hundred paces away down the road.
and i do suppose, now, said mr. peggotty, looking at me through the smoke of his pipe, that in the way of book-larning hed take the wind out of amost anything.
it was a little disconcerting to me, to find, when i was being helped up behind the coach, that i was supposed to have eaten all the dinner without any assistance.
i wont provoke my betters with knowledge, thank you.
we had no money--we have scarcely been able to keep alive.
when i lose my temper (not that i admit having done so on that occasion), i dont throw glasses.
such, in its general conception, is the central superintendence which the poor law board is intended to exercise over the administrators of the poor rate throughout the country.
(d) finally, assuming that all these objections have been answered, is there, in actual empirical fact, any sufficient reason to believe the world of sense continuous?
i had the honour of being passed on the road.
said my aunt, peering through the dusk, whos this youre bringing home?
such speculations as it engendered within me i kept to myself, and those were faint enough.
it is an unfortunate discovery certainly, that of a law which binds us where we did not know before that we were bound.
there is not a life in all the records of the past but, properly studied, might lend a hint and a help to some contemporary.
compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up with these requirements.
if a word has the right associations with other objects, we shall be able to use it correctly, and understand its use by others, even if it evokes no image.
at last, on a sunday, as there was no use looking for work, jurgis went home by stealing rides on the cars.
by this time, the rooms were vastly different from what i had found them, and i enjoyed the honor of occupying a few prominent pages in the books of a neighboring upholsterer.
by the by, aunt, said i, after dinner; i have been speaking to agnes about what you told me.
the thing resolves itself into a choice between the things we can do without and the things we can't.
explain, through definition, the controversy between paganism and christianity, between monarchy and democracy, between classical education and industrial education, between party politics and independent politics, between established religion and non-conformist views.
a passing thought occurred to me that miss murdstone, like the pocket instrument called a life-preserver, was not so much designed for purposes of protection as of assault.
to such a man the world tends to become definite, finite, obvious; common objects rouse no questions, and unfamiliar possibilities are contemptuously rejected.
they would get a certain number of farmers to agree to pack and offer for sale on those days a limited number of baskets of their finest tomatoes, say.
instead of any diminution, there is need of a great increase of disinterested exertion to promote the good of others.
they are both written in good faith, i have no doubt, and without any collusion.
but to give it you short and handy, ill put it at once into a mouthful of english.
as the struggle proceeded for making the ruling power emanate from the periodical choice of the ruled, some persons began to think that too much importance had been attached to the limitation of the power itself.
striking the scar, at your dead childs handiwork!
and very similar remarks would apply to other kinds of sensations.
the sweat starts out on his forehead, and he bends over like a cyclist on the last lap of a race.
he was a lucky fox that left his tail in the trap.
in my forlorn state i became quite attached to the family, and used to walk about, busy with mrs. micawbers calculations of ways and means, and heavy with the weight of mr. micawbers debts.
a small, dim, crooked shop, kept in a tortuous, up-hill thoroughfare, by a small, dim, crooked man.
we go on and we bless the earth under our feet.
her short essay on her adopted country read: this country is the united states note use of narrow of america.
it was quite touching, the zeal of people to see that his health and happiness were provided for.
we're issuing five-year certificates of indebtedness bearing six per cent interest.
if you cant do so, i am afraid youll never like me.
how much more admirable the bhagvat-geeta than all the ruins of the east!
they're in, and they know they can't get out.
indeed i am not going to be, my darling!
doubts as to the existence of napoleon can only be maintained for a joke, whereas the historicity of agamemnon is a legitimate subject of debate.
as the orientals say, a curs tail may be warmed, and pressed, and bound round with ligatures, and after a twelve years labor bestowed upon it, still it will retain its natural form.
at rumor of his arrival all the mill-dam sportsmen are on the alert, in gigs and on foot, two by two and three by three, with patent rifles and conical balls and spy-glasses.
i smiled because he smiled, but i was a little troubled in my mind, too.
at first these theories are analytical rather than philosophical.
i think--shall i be quite plain, agnes, liking him so much?
galton, as every one knows, investigated visual imagery, and found that education tends to kill it: the fellows of the royal society turned out to have much less of it than their wives.
i waltz with the eldest miss larkins once again.
the little girls had gone to their own homes now, and she was alone by the fire, reading.
how happys he who hath due place assigned to his beasts and disafforested his mind!
the carol of the birds was loud and high, and, on the weather-beaten sill of the great window of the bed-chamber of monsieur the marquis, one little bird sang its sweetest song with all its might.
i doent know as hed do violence under any circumstances, but i hope as them two may be kep asunders.
you may be sure, dear joe, i went on, after we had shaken hands, that i shall never forget you.
she left the room, and, standing outside the door, put her fingers in her ears, while the tears rolled down her cheeks.
well say i dont understand the boy, clara, returned miss murdstone, arranging the little fetters on her wrists.
but we pulled at the grill and it gave way.
afterwards, estella and i played at cards, as of yore,only we were skilful now, and played french games,and so the evening wore away, and i went to bed.
in learning to draw, it is necessary to acquire the art of representing things according to the sensation, not according to the perception.
but the interpretation was taken not to be in any wise a lawmaking and the application was taken not to involve any administrative element and to be wholly mechanical.
well, sir, if you can make out here, fur a fortnut, long wi her, nodding at his sister, and ham, and little emly, we shall be proud of your company.
international donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the united states.
the gaunt warehouses hardly support their lopping heads, and the low, beetling, gabled houses of the alleys seem for ever to brood on nights of bitter adventure.
and now before i say anything more about my father, or my fathers son, and repay confidence with confidence, i want to make myself seriously disagreeable to you for a moment,positively repulsive.
why, my dear copperfield, said traddles, sticking his hair upright with both hands, and then putting his hands on my knees, i am married!
these may be but the spring months in the life of the race.
hence i concluded that the colour is something other than my seeing of the colour.
then they knelt, and bowed their golden head before us.
this my aunt and mr. micawber did; and then my aunt was introduced, and mrs. micawber recognized me.
it was near to the east entrance that they stood, and all along this east side of the yards ran the railroad tracks, into which the cars were run, loaded with cattle.
the lawyers truth is not truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.
she faintly shook her head upon the pillow, and kept her secret, as the boy had done.
when there was nothing more to be got out of me about myself (for on the murdstone and grinby life, and on my journey, i was dumb), they began about mr. wickfield and agnes.
pussy willows have made a gray dawn in viny caverns where the day's own dawn looks in but faintly, and the flushing of the red willow betrays reveries of a not impossible cowslip upon the bank beneath.
i doubt if the sense of the probable, or, more precisely, of the available in the improbable, ever became equally weakened or deadened in a man who made his living by its exercise.
* a clinical thermometer is accurate when it enables us to detect very slight differences in the temperature of the blood.
all that he has to do then is to open the door and step out, trailing behind him a much shorter air hose and life line than would hamper him if he worked from the surface.
if your suit should prosper, if lucie should love you, you shall tell me on your marriage morning.
you are an aristocrat, and must have an escort--and must pay for it.
tell him about the memorial, said mr. dick.
probably many ichthyologists would make new varieties of some of them.
youth is the time for love, but not for marriage!
thus what may be called subjectivity in the point of view is not a distinctive peculiarity of mind: it is present just as much in the photographic plate.
the paper was hauled to lee in the dead of night, for smith's subordinates wished to spare him from the laughter of his fellow millmen.
now and then, when the bosses were not looking, you would see them plunging their feet and ankles into the steaming hot carcass of the steer, or darting across the room to the hot-water jets.
emigrant, said the functionary, i am going to send you on to paris, under an escort.
his juniors have opportunity to take their stations before the struggling mass reaches to the boats.
book after book was added to the heap of failures, miss murdstone being firmly watchful of us all the time.
and he gave god thanks for the strength that enabled him to forgo even the joys that were possible.
i know that the longer i keep you here, the greater hope there is for my ladybird.
mr. micawber has consulted me in reference to what he has in contemplation; and i have advised him to the best of my judgement.
she was nearing us very fast, and the beating of her peddles grew louder and louder.
though i put it to yourself, sir, whether it were calclated to keep a man up to his work with a good hart, to be continiwally cutting in betwixt him and the ghost with amen!
if this is the case--and i fully agree that it is--desire must be capable of being exhibited in actions, for it is only the actions of animals that we can observe.
the dear little thing, returned herbert, holds dutifully to her father as long as he lasts; but he wont last long.
my impression is, that i dined off dora, entirely, and sent away half-a-dozen plates untouched.
imagining nothing idler than words in the face of grave events, he condoles and congratulates with the genteelest air in the world.
for once, the powerful pocket-handkerchief failed.
he was taken to bow street, as well as i remember, on the completion of his fifteenth journey; when four-and-sixpence, and a second-hand fife which he couldnt play, were found upon his person.
in a moment we were all shaking hands with one another, and asking one another how we did, and telling one another how glad we were to meet, and all talking at once.
rain was really falling in large drops, and he showed the back of his hand with rain-drops on it.
if i showed any trace of what i felt, my own sorrows were sufficient to account for it.
mrs. steerforth was pleased to see me, and so was rosa dartle.
but in fact we cannot find any antecedent that we know to be quite invariable, and we can find many that are nearly so.
with that, miss havisham looked distractedly at me for a while, and then burst out again, what had she done!
each of these characterizations classifies the subject; no one of them makes him a distinct personality, for thousands have been wandering scots, forces of expansion, burs.
on her face, i saw immediately the placid and sweet expression of the lady whose picture had looked at me downstairs.
his pockets were as full of it as his head.
here are the findings: sixty-three were absolutely sound.
ive seen that theer bald head of his a perspiring in the sun, masr davy, till i amost thowt it would have melted away.
(the correlation of the times of different perspectives raises certain complications, of the kind considered in the theory of relativity; but we may ignore these at present.)
for in this, as in everything that a man can do--of those things at least which are very old--there is an exact moment when they are done best.
if there was anything deeper, added wemmick, bringing his pen to paper, hed be it.
i look to the pleasure of seeing you again in the morning.
was there anything like--what we are going through today, for instance?
guy holt (to whom much of cabell's appreciation is due), began their work, did critics begin to take him at all seriously.
she must have it in her mind to beg of them, i think, said i.
further, speaking broadly, the change in response is usually of a kind that is biologically advantageous to the organism.
explain how a man like thomas jefferson can be regarded by many as a great statesman and by others, such as mrs. gertrude atherton for example, as a disgustingly vulgar person, almost a rascal.
government operations tend to be everywhere alike.
you find him in my house, you find him in my business.
shall the world be confined to one paris or one oxford forever?
that was their law, that was their justice!
the cartridge is introduced into the blast-hole with the rams retracted.
there was a gay fiction among us that we were constantly enjoying ourselves, and a skeleton truth that we never did.
since you expect me, mr. creakle, to justify myself, said steerforth, and to say what i mean,--what i have to say is, that his mother lives on charity in an alms-house.
it is, however, obviously capable of further analysis, and of more exact statement.
she came home from a day's work at school, topped off by a hard grind with the copy on the high school annual, and felt that a ride would refresh her.
oh, is there ever night or day, when i dont think of it!
he was not long in discovering that it was worse than useless to speak to him, since, on being pressed, he became worried.
she must be newly rigged, said steerforth, and i shall leave littimer behind to see it done, that i may know she is quite complete.
i hurried away to the parlour; and there i found mr. creakle, sitting at his breakfast with the cane and a newspaper before him, and mrs. creakle with an opened letter in her hand.
dont you think that, i asked the coachman, in the first stage out of london, a very remarkable sky?
the initial mistake, however, will have effects of two kinds.
and what was the use, he asked, of confusing religion with men's perversions of it?
never mind me, mum, returned that diabolical cornchandler.
mr. waterbrook was only too happy, as it appeared to me, to have such interests, and such names, even hinted at, across his table.
after sarah was restored, we still had to break it to the other eight; and it produced various effects upon them of a most pathetic nature.
you had better determine to leave him here for the present!
sit ye down by the fire, the while, my dear, and warm those mortal cold hands.
he had nothing else to do, poor fellow, except at a certain hour of every afternoon to go to lloydsin observance of a ceremony of seeing his principal, i think.
this thrown open, admitted him to his own private apartment of three rooms: his bed-chamber and two others.
but the world of fact, after all, is not good; and, in submitting our judgment to it, there is an element of slavishness from which our thoughts must be purged.
legal standards are used chiefly in the law of torts, in the law of public utilities and in the law as to fiduciary relations.
coming up the hill, and at the top of the hill, both?
by the grim and bitter teaching of blind and merciless affliction!
as the long, self-conscious procession passed where i sat, smiling and unnoticed, he suddenly looked up.
only, said i, that you would not confound them with the others.
an editor who desired to reach such a family would be immeasurably helped in selecting his material by trying constantly to judge from their point of view whatever passed through his hands.
he knows nothing, said defarge; at least nothing more than would easily elevate himself to a gallows of the same height.
the present century has shown many signs of preferring the individual moral and social life.
we were very much together, i need not say; but occasionally we were asunder for some hours at a time.
his few common tools and various scraps of leather were at his feet and on his bench.
the temperamental effect of the disease takes the form in the patient of making frequent and unjust complaints, and epileptics invariably charge some one with having injured them while they have been unconscious during an attack.
you place yourself in the hands of a physician who must direct the treatment.
to be free, a man must be free of his brothers.
he cut her face right open, and pounded her in the most brutal manner, when she took him; but she never loosed her hold till he was locked up.
i believe it would startle and move any one if they could make a certain effort of imagination and read it freshly like a book, not droningly and dully like a portion of the bible.
on opening the outer door of our chambers with my key, i found a letter in the box, directed to me; a very dirty letter, though not ill-written.
it was an agony to them to have to make up their minds in a matter such as this.
you are sure that he is not under too great a strain?
well, pip, you know, replied joe, as if that were a little unreasonable, you yourself see me put em in my at, and therefore you know as they are here.
but the umblest persons, master copperfield, he presently resumed, may be the instruments of good.
the children, who were at school, and learning fast, would teach him a few; and a friend loaned him a little book that had some in it, and ona would read them to him.
i have no more, observed mr. micawber, to say at present.
if cicero was correct in his estimate, demosthenes was the greater orator--of that there can be no doubt--for he gained his effect.
the dinner even is only the parable of a dinner, commonly.
said flopson, appearing to think it most surprising.
as i did not like him either, i took the liberty of saying that we thanked him, but we didnt want seeing home.
he said this solemnly, bare-headed; then, putting on his hat, he went down the stairs, and away.
there remain the rafts, but many of these have been launched over to aid the struggling men in the water.
meantime, however, the ham-wrappers were working away, with some one else in charge of them.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
we knelt by the stream and we bent down to drink.
he had a crowd of poor dependants besides those hungry children.
try not to do it again, my dear clara, and keep a watch upon yourself.
one bores you and the other interests you.
this is not a character that i can suffer to develop itself beneath my eyes without an effort at improvement.
tell me, how does this relapse come about?
i thanked him with all my heart, for it was friendly in him to offer to take that trouble.
even the tricks and cruelties he saw at durham's had little meaning for him just then, save as they might happen to affect his future with ona.
i went with him over westminster bridge, and parted from him on the surrey shore.
and i am very happy to-night, dear father.
what we really know is that, under certain conditions of temperature, the appearance we call ice is replaced by the appearance we call water.
we opened our eyes, lying on our stomach on the brick floor of a cell.
when you go to dine with mr. jaggers, look at his housekeeper.
the value of this method lies in its liveliness and the ease with which it makes an idea comprehended.
such has been the result of attempts to exclude the administrative element in adjudication.
similarly, in writing, we may sometimes employ the order of greatest advantage, but more often we must modify this order to meet the requirements of the subject and to rouse the least resistance from the reader.
one night, being, as i suppose, inspired by love, he made a dart at the bit of wax-candle she kept for her thread, and put it in his waistcoat-pocket and carried it off.
that is to say, when we first begin to reflect, we find ourselves already believing in them, not because of any argument, but because the belief is natural to us.
and it is that which romance affords her postulants.
he was condemned and sentenced, without trial and without appeal; he could never work for the packers again--he could not even clean cattle pens or drive a truck in any place where they controlled.
however that may be, i was struck by the peculiar toughness of the steel which bore so many violent blows without being worn out.
i must get off him first, that he may pursue his contemplations too.
more than one black man, rising high in porter service, has had his vanity come to grief when this crotchety personage has come on his car.
i could hardly-- and then, seeing jurgis, she stopped with an exclamation.
miss betsey thanked him, and we went into his room, which was furnished as an office, with books, papers, tin boxes, and so forth.
i hate with a bitter hatred the names of lentils and haricots--those pretentious cheats of the appetite, those tabulated humbugs, those certificated aridities calling themselves human food!
still, i knew that there was cause for alarm, and i could not get rid of the notion of being watched.
your late wife, sir, was a most unworldly, most unhappy, most unfortunate baby, returned my aunt, shaking her head at him.
thus classification by perspectives is relevant to psychology, and is essential in defining what we mean by one mind.
god will see that you do not want society.
she said she did, and i have no doubt she did.
formal contracts require nothing of the sort.
it happened on the occasion of this visit that some sharp words arose between estella and miss havisham.
this is in fact the case with all the apparent objects of logic and mathematics.
he told me--he would have me turned off.
it was remarkable; but, the taste of saint antoine seemed to be decidedly opposed to a rose on the head-dress of madame defarge.
only very large photographs or long, narrow panoramic ones should be rolled and mailed in a heavy cardboard tube, separate from the manuscript.
i released my hands as soon as i could, and found that i was beginning slowly to settle down to the contemplation of my condition.
harper--bush harper, he was called--was a right-hand man of mike scully, the democratic boss of the stockyards; and in the coming election there was a peculiar situation.
the other day i asked edward martin, the well-known story-writer, what time he found best for work.
lights, commanded master freddie; and the butler pressed a button, and a flood of brilliant incandescence streamed from above, half-blinding jurgis.
this time they found the newspaper place, and procured their stock; and after wandering about till nearly noontime, saying paper?
at first we thought it necessary to substitute a determined tramp for the sunday morning golf game; but we presently gave that up.
all these aspects, therefore, the logic which reduces everything to subjects and predicates is compelled to condemn as error and mere appearance.
he has none of the look of the visionary, this man who has gone to war with time and space; neither had george stephenson.
im a poor scholar, but i shall write to you, odd times, when youre away, and send my letters to masr davy.
i cannot but feel compassion when i hear some trig, compact-looking man, seemingly free, all girded and ready, speak of his furniture, as whether it is insured or not.
masr davy, tis a joyful hour as i see you, once more, long with your own trew wife!
now and then jurgis camped out with a gang of them in some woodland haunt, and foraged with them in the neighborhood at night.
it is only necessary, however, to take account of past occurrences and include them with the cause, in order to re-establish the maxim, and the possibility of psychological causal laws.
we stood, and we held our head in our hands.
i fancy, said estella, shrinking that must be a curious place.
well agree, if you please, that i dont understand him at all.
he sat, with that carved grin on his face, looking at the fire, as i looked at him.
this is, in criticism, the attitude we should all seek to preserve; not only in that, but in every branch of literary work.
it came with a sudden rush, bewildering him, startling him; it was as if his dead childhood had come back to him, laughing and calling!
an operation lasting nearly half an hour ensued.
but, if i deny the authority of the state when it presents its tax-bill, it will soon take and waste all my property, and so harass me and my children without end.
said mr. pumblechook, in the way of a compassionate adjuration.
***** the carriage left the streets behind, passed the north barrier, and emerged upon the country road.
on the other hand recovery of property could be used for this purpose.
but he was ever ready to listen to me; and it became the first duty of my life to say to him, and read to him, what i knew he ought to hear.
no part will thereby be overlooked; each will be significant, and the whole will be unified by your single point of view.
no--never mind--clean forgot--says he's hungry, hamilton--less have some supper.
hence, if whiteness were the thought as opposed to its object, no two different men could think of it, and no one man could think of it twice.
i thought she had had some fear that her unhappy father might be in some way to blame for what had happened.
miss larkins, laughing, draws her hand through my arm, and says, now take me back to captain bailey.
the physicist naturally classifies aspects in the first way, the psychologist in the second.
so far, his contention was almost certainly valid, even if some of his arguments were not so.
well, returned mr. cruncher, going on again, and lifting off his hat to give his spikes free play, he's a tradesman.
it counts too, that tillie, who had once found work through the bureau, but was now keeping house for her father, should turn to the bureau for aid.
we had not, said miss clarissa, been in the habit of frequent association with our brother francis; but there was no decided division or disunion between us.
this was one field not in mr. colemans report.
at length, i got up whenever i saw him coming, and standing on the foot-board, pretended to look at the prospect; after which i did very well.
on her giving me her purse to pay the driver, i found that all the guineas were gone, and only the loose silver remained.
my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber, behind his handkerchief, this is an occupation, of all others, requiring an untroubled mind, and self-respect.
miss manette, have you seen the prisoner before?
i wanted to know, i said, trembling, if you would buy a jacket.
said mr. omer, resuming his pipe, a man must take the fat with the lean; thats what he must make up his mind to, in this life.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
he said, holding me out at arms length, with a hand on each of my shoulders.
and then, as jurgis came out from this meeting, some one handed him a paper which he carried home with him and read; and so he became acquainted with the appeal to reason.
have you seen him, to your certain knowledge, before?
we were, indeed, said i. i keep that room to myself still; but i cannot always desert mrs. heep, you know.
the remorseless sea of turbulently swaying shapes, voices of vengeance, and faces hardened in the furnaces of suffering until the touch of pity could make no mark on them.
there is a canal two rods wide along the northerly and westerly sides, and wider still at the east end.
it rose under my hand, and the door yielded.
i never had any dread of bees and am seldom stung by them.
by a figure of speech a writer shows his readers the relation between a new idea and one already familiar to them.
now, it is a thousand pities that no man of genius has ever been a fish reporter.
architecture and architectural engineering.
very well, if he will turn his attention to science, he can often score a beat of ten years.
for we have had no experience of conducting civilized society on any other basis, and the waste and friction involved in going to any other basis must give us pause.
nobody never went and hinted no such a thing, said peggotty.
i started at every footstep and every sound, believing that he was discovered and taken, and this was the messenger to tell me so.
as enough glass for one bottle appears at the mouth of the tube a knife cuts the mass and the blob of glass falls into a trough which conveys it to the blank mold.
as it appeared to me that i was expected to speak, i said aloud: how do you do, mr. micawber?
d. the actions of the bees are interesting.
she put down her book on seeing me come in; and having welcomed me as usual, took her work-basket and sat in one of the old-fashioned windows.
in recent thinking a third form has arisen which may be called an economic natural law.
the best of men can do no more, mr. peggotty, said steerforth.
where instinct and reason do sometimes conflict is in regard to single beliefs, held instinctively, and held with such determination that no degree of inconsistency with other beliefs leads to their abandonment.
to deny this is to assume our own infallibility.
this statement, at first sight, is one to which we feel inclined to assent, but i believe we are mistaken if we do so.
the best basis of differentiation among magazines, then, is not the extent of circulation but the class of readers appealed to, regardless of the part of the country in which the readers live.
there is, so far as i can see, no conceivable evidence either for or against it.
who has not seen in imagination, when looking into the sunset sky, the gardens of the hesperides, and the foundation of all those fables?
in the morning there were long lectures on the history, anatomy, manners and customs of dragons.
youll excuse me, but i know better than you.
this obligation is almost entirely disregarded in the case of the family relations, a case, in its direct influence on human happiness, more important than all others taken together.
they advanced, retreated, struck at one another's hands, clutched at one another's heads, spun round alone, caught one another and spun round in pairs, until many of them dropped.
my echoing footsteps went to no other tune, but were as constant to that as if i had come home to build my castles in the air at a living mothers side.
the first thing to notice is that consciousness must be of something.
i say to myself, ill conquer that fellow; and if it were to cost him all the blood he had, i should do it.
and the toil of their lifting hands and flying fingers has wrought a golden age for the men who control the capital and the tools.
said i, wondering why he could possibly want to know.
but the question is, what do you say of it?
i have got a trifle of money somewhere about me, my dear, said mr. barkis, but im a little tired.
this he did; and when the wine came, he made me have a little, with a biscuit, and, before i drank it, stand up and say, confusion to brooks of sheffield!
jurgis too had a little of this sense of pride.
mythology comes nearer to it than anything.
moneys of no use to me no more, except to live.
finest of all, as reporter, to go where the fish reporter goes.
abraham in red going to sacrifice isaac in blue, and daniel in yellow cast into a den of green lions, were the most prominent of these.
the question is thus forced upon us: is the inference from sense to physics a valid one?
when i had finished, annie remained, for some few moments, silent, with her head bent down, as i have described.
biddy turned her face suddenly towards mine, and looked far more attentively at me than she had looked at the sailing ships.
next day, sir, said joe, looking at me as if i were a long way off, having cleaned myself, i go and i see miss a.
he said, shaking his head, and giving a slight laugh.
i thought he was rather a handsome fellow, and i thought i should have been much the same sort of fellow, if i had had any luck.
a sister to whom i have confided so much, aunt, will not be reluctant to confide in me.
methods of criticism armed with open-mindedness, then, with balance and common sense, with knowledge of the field, and with ability to analyze, you are ready to begin.
gentle breeze, that wanderest unseen, and bendest the thistles round loira of storms, traveler of the windy glens, why hast thou left my ear so soon?
the river narrows and turns, then spreads into a swamp, where i weave my curves round the straw-colored tussocks.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
he was as radiant, as if his chair, his asthma, and the failure of his limbs, were the various branches of a great invention for enhancing the luxury of a pipe.
to arouse immediate interest, however, a writer may at times deviate from this order by beginning with a striking incident and then going back to relate the events that led up to it.
our body is betraying us, for the council of the home looks with suspicion upon us.
but if psychology is to be independent of physiology, and if physiology can be reduced to physics, it would seem that mnemic causation is essential in psychology.
he got the new members because he had a service to sell them.
during this interval, i glanced at ham again, and observing the same expression on his face, and his eyes still directed to the distant light, i touched his arm.
look over your hand, mr. barsad, and see what you have.
good night, young copperfield, said steerforth.
mr. carton, she answered, after an agitated pause, the secret is yours, not mine; and i promise to respect it.
us two being now alone, resumed joe, and me having the intentions and abilities to stay not many minutes more, i will now concludeleastways beginto mention what have led to my having had the present honor.
any appearance to the contrary, in the world we know, can be proved logically--so he believes--to be entirely due to our fragmentary piecemeal view of the universe.
our voyaging is only great-circle sailing, and the doctors prescribe for diseases of the skin merely.
when the misses lewisohn, then, built their new playhouse in grand street, it was not with the intention of rousing, but rather of satisfying, an artistic demand among the people of the neighborhood.
he used to speak to me--out on the platform.
attempts to fix the immutable part of law, to lay out legal charts for all time, belong to the transition to the maturity of law.
little sebastijonas, aged three, had been wandering about oblivious to all things, holding turned up over his mouth a bottle of liquid known as pop, pink-colored, ice-cold, and delicious.
not stumbling on the means after all, i was fain to go out to the adjacent lodge and get the watchman there to come with his lantern.
as i was silent for a while, looking at estella and considering how to go on, miss havisham repeated, it is not your secret, but anothers.
and so all day long she sat shivering, and came home at night with her teeth chattering and pains in her head and back.
we were going to the tenements where most of the russians meet of an evening.
my dearest girl, dearer to me than anything in life, if you are unhappy, let me share your unhappiness.
this manifests itself in all manner of ludicrous or contemptible forms, but no less is it the source of our finest qualities.
she had her hands clasped tightly in her lap, and he saw that her face was as white as paper, and drawn with pain.
the capitalist was astonished to discover that he could take an interest in games.
the crippling stones of the pavement, with their many little reservoirs of mud and water, had no footways, but broke off abruptly at the doors.
just as well and more, my pretty poppet.
an informative article for the general reader might take up all these phases of the subject, but an article intended to give practical guidance should consider the needs of only one of these three classes of persons.
he snuffed it, and it made his heart beat wildly--he was out in the country again!
in spite of these qualifications, the broad distinction between instinct and habit is undeniable.
where there were no codes, the hegemony of the historical school led to a movement back to the law of justinian which would have undone much of the progress of the last centuries.
masses of figures generally mean very little to the average reader.
how you told of tulips and narcissuses, and a thousand lovely things for beds and borders and rock work--at so much a dozen, so very much a dozen, and a dozen so very few!
since you have entered for information, summon all your resourcefulness to try every possibility before you agree that there is no help for you there.
there have been few of them; they have not been adequate in numbers or in genius to the task of describing the sections of the country, the varied scenes and habits from new orleans to the portlands.
volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the assistance they need, is critical to reaching project gutenberg-tm's goals and ensuring that the project gutenberg-tm collection will remain freely available for generations to come.
i am sorry, said i, laughing afresh, to have occasioned such a dispersion.
and my firm is the kind of firm i want to work for.
its not the first loss i have had in my life, mr. murdstone, replied peggotty, trembling from head to foot.
they were near the time station window, and people were staring at them.
grandmother majauszkiene had lived in the midst of misfortune so long that it had come to be her element, and she talked about starvation, sickness, and death as other people might about weddings and holidays.
donations are accepted in a number of other ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
my country rounds, she added at length, brought me to norwich, mr. copperfield, the night before last.
it was not paper, and yet it was very much like paper.
there was hardly an object in the merry-go-round of civilized life that had not offered at least an end or an edge to the avidity of his consuming eyes.
the uncharted forest has protected them from the cities and from the men of the cities.
he paid one of his fifteen cents for a postal card, and his companion wrote a note to the family, telling them where he was and when he would be tried.
i don't know how scarce you mayn't make the wittles and drink here, by your flopping tricks and your unfeeling conduct.
come now and then; come on your birthday.ay!
he subsided, but he never took his eyes off his enemy.
you are a cursed emigrant, cried a farrier, making at him in a furious manner through the press, hammer in hand; and you are a cursed aristocrat!
mr. peggotty nodded his understanding of my aunts feelings, but could not trust himself with any verbal reference to the subject of her commendation.
the piece was beautiful on the parlor mantel, and one could not have a home without some sort of ornament.
come here, when youre called, said the tinker, or ill rip your young body open.
miss lavinia then arose, and begging mr. traddles to excuse us for a minute, requested me to follow her.
the things that words mean differ more than words do.
she had lost her mother before her father; and where her fathers grave was no one knew, except that it was somewhere in the depths of the sea.
the silver will be the brighter when it comes, said i.
in so far as the author accomplishes his purpose, in just so far he is successful.
then she took doras arm in hers, and marched us into breakfast as if it were a soldiers funeral.
ah, how low i fall when i am tempted by them!
as data, though entitled to a certain limited respect, they cannot be placed on a level with the facts of sense or the laws of logic.
i was still thinking of it when i came out of the theatre an hour afterwards, and found him waiting for me near the door.
in the act of dipping forward as if i were going to bathe among the horses, i woke in a fright and took the question up again.
the escort and the universal watchfulness had completely isolated him.
so long as we are dealing with derivative knowledge, we have the test of intuitive knowledge to fall back upon.
when a partys ill, we cant ask how the party is.
i was at that time in our french house, and had been--oh!
as the door closed, little emly looked at us three in a hurried manner and then hid her face in her hands, and fell to sobbing.
i see the curate's frame quiver with sudden impulse, and his mouth fly open, and--no, i can't bear it, i shut my eyes and ears.
the state, while it respects the liberty of each in what specially regards himself, is bound to maintain a vigilant control over his exercise of any power which it allows him to possess over others.
erret, et extremos alter scrutetur iberos.
if nothing worse than ale happens to us, we are well off.
exactly the same thing applies in defining accuracy of thought or perception.
i have said that he had reason to fear us.
i did so, raising the boy's head against my knee.
when i meet a government which says to me, your money or your life, why should i be in haste to give it my money?
he sat astride of the chair when he had pushed the money over, and sat swinging his purse and eyeing joe.
and then little stanislovas began to whimper--who would take care of him?
if he had shown indifference as a master, i have no doubt i should have returned the compliment as a pupil; he gave me no such excuse, and each of us did the other justice.
she wrung her hands, and crushed her white hair, and returned to this cry over and over again.
in such a case we have knowledge of the constituents, but not of the form.
we believe that our beliefs are sometimes erroneous, and we wish to be able to select a certain class of beliefs which are never erroneous.
they were not time subtracted from my life, but so much over and above my usual allowance.
a beggar would be no novelty, said steerforth; but it is a strange thing that the beggar should take that shape tonight.
he exclaimed, i didnt know they were chops.
if the cause comes to trial, the petit jury may exercise a dispensing power by means of a general verdict.
joe threw his eye over them, and pronounced that the job would necessitate the lighting of his forge fire, and would take nearer two hours than one.
all the way back to the knight school he kept rumbling about in his mind seeking an explanation for what had occurred.
i dont give myself the trouble of thinking at all about you, said steerforth, coolly; so im not mistaken, as it happens.
i know, and never can forget, that there was that in her wild manner which gave me no assurance but that she would sink before my eyes, until i had her arm within my grasp.
it was a great help to a person who had to toil all the week to be able to look forward to some such relaxation as this on saturday nights.
i had such implicit confidence in her declaration, that i then put it to mr. peggotty, whether it would not seem, in the onset, like distrusting her, to follow her any farther.
i only came in the day before yesterday.
let us add one more example, the most striking of all, if the impressiveness of an error is measured by the wisdom and virtue of him who falls into it.
let me stand aside, to see the phantoms of those days go by me, accompanying the shadow of myself, in dim procession.
i hope we shall be able to take some care of mr. gargery, together, until he settles down.
how should a repetition of it be treated?
the smallest subscriptions were encouraged, for, after a man has given a dollar to a cause, that cause is his.
miller, a scotch hegelian, seeks to meet this difficulty.
there are worse tasks than that, in my calling.
among those few there may be one who loves you even as dearly, though he has not loved you as long, as i.
arrangements were made whereby the county was divided into six zones, varying in soil and topographic conditions.
by reading or using any part of this project gutenberg-tm electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement.
many of them are already in and thriving.
as we had arranged to say nothing at first, my aunt was not a little discomfited.
miss dartle, i returned, how shall i tell you, so that you will believe me, that i know of nothing in steerforth different from what there was when i first came here?
we can form another straight line of perspectives in which the penny is seen end-on and looks like a straight line of a certain thickness.
it is simpler and more respectable to omit it.
persian rugs are the rugs that are profusely decorated with a great variety of flowers, leaves, vines, and occasional birds and animals, woven free hand, with purely decorative intent.
he must have experienced each time the sort of surprise on finding nothing, which is calculated to lead in time to the adoption of berkeley's theory that objects of sense are only in the mind.
farther on, where the river narrows again, a flutter-headed rabbit crossing at top speed has made a line seemingly as free from frivolous indirection as if it had been defined by all the ponderosities of mathematics.
well, trot, she began, what do you think of the proctor plan?
she is one of your lovely women, she is, he pursued, when he had slowly restored his face to its natural form; and ready to be no friend to such as me, i know.
i can hardly believe, writing now long afterwards, but that i was actually present in these scenes; they are impressed upon me with such an astonishing air of fidelity.
you have heard miss murdstone, said mr. spenlow, turning to me.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
the secret of the hidden golden store of honey is pleasing.
it embittered the life of your poor mother.
well known abroad and worked out consistently on general theories in the commercial law of continental europe, these instruments came into use in this country on a large scale suddenly during the war.
rescue the drowning and tie your shoe-strings.
he was too good a soldier to expose them to the heat at once.
herbert received me with open arms, and i had never felt before so blessedly what it is to have a friend.
but before pronouncing what christian morality is or is not, it would be desirable to decide what is meant by christian morality.
and on what evidence, pip, asked mr. jaggers, very coolly, as he paused with his handkerchief half way to his nose, does provis make this claim?
in spite of splitting headaches he would stagger down to the plant and take up his stand once more, and begin to shovel in the blinding clouds of dust.
additional terms will be linked to the project gutenberg-tm license for all works posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.
curious to know how the old gentleman stood informed concerning the reputation of mr. jaggers, i roared that name at him.
soon, madame defarge's hands ceased to strike, and felt at her encircled waist.
but she was so much changed, was so much more beautiful, so much more womanly, in all things winning admiration, had made such wonderful advance, that i seemed to have made none.
there were great changes in my old home.
some say that this should be done where there is a joint will from which only joint action may recede.
through our own recovered innocence we discern the innocence of our neighbors.
he sat in his usual place and attitude like a great stuffed figure.
it will be said, that we do not now put to death the introducers of new opinions: we are not like our fathers who slew the prophets, we even build sepulchres to them.
it would have suggested many things to a philosopher to have dealings with him.
for the young, there is nothing unattainable; a good thing desired with the whole force of a passionate will, and yet impossible, is to them not credible.
he has an unerring eye for the absurd; his paradoxes, when pondered, have a way of proving excellent truth.
the hypothesis of mental continuity throughout organic evolution may be used in two different ways.
well, said wemmick, youll see a wild beast tamed.
she came to look forward to her visits at the night court.
then he went to his landlady, who had rented his place and had no other for him; and then to his boardinghouse keeper, who looked him over and questioned him.
i would gladly tell all that i know about it, and never paint no admittance on my gate.
it is true that there is such a patch, true that it has a certain shape and degree of brightness, true that it is surrounded by certain other colours.
she told me that she made a last request to me, and left me a last charge.
i began explaining to her that secret history of the partnership.
after looking at it for some moments, he gave it to me, and added in a low voice, be so good as read it, sir.
and until one has thought out the problem of taking notes from lectures, even the most intelligible speaker presents great difficulties.
strong impulses are but another name for energy.
why need i speak of my father's time, when it is equally yours?
he remarks a divergence in this fact, that butler, unlike his hero, was never in prison.
did he say anything to you about king charles the first, child?
why, my dear boy, shes behind the window curtain!
if it had lasted longer it might have tinged my employments and life.
this illustrates once more that accuracy of response to stimulus does not alone show knowledge, but must be reinforced by appropriateness, i.e.
returned carton, stamping his foot; have i sworn by no solemn vow already, to go through with this, that you waste the precious moments now?
talking of handkerchers--and talking of ladies--what a comfort you are to your blessed mother, aint you, my dear boy, over one of my shoulders, and i dont say which!
it came up hot at about my time every day, and many a day did i dine off it.
the gaoler's wife, being provided with no answer to the question, merely replied, one must have patience, my dear!
herbert, my dear friend, said i, shutting the double doors, while herbert stood staring and wondering, something very strange has happened.
no, for i have been afraid to think of any future.
no fresh reference, said i, to--i wouldnt distress you, agnes, but i cannot help asking--to what we spoke of, when we parted last?
he was perpetually pegging at the floor the moment she left his sight.
mrs. steerforth was particularly happy in her sons society, and steerforth was, on this occasion, particularly attentive and respectful to her.
it may happen that, in the particular case, the real correlates are unusual; for example, if what we are seeing is a carpet made to look like tiles.
she wore a filthy blue wrapper, and her teeth were black.
of course it can be proved by the annual catalogue that the average member of the faculty has only about twelve or fourteen hours of classroom work a week--the worst-paid instructor more; the highest-paid professor less.
all actual perception is confused to a greater or less extent.
you must let me put you in a room at the back here.
whether these results were valid may well be doubted.
a figure entering at the door threw a shadow on madame defarge which she felt to be a new one.
there was a rainbow in the sky, and another in his breast--for he had thirty-six hours' rest before him, and a chance to see his family.
is it necessary that some part of mankind should persist in error, to enable any to realise the truth?
he twisted his hand in jurgis's collar and jerked at him.
but the basis of a language is not conventional, either from the point of view of the individual or from that of the community.
as often as i change my point of view, so often i shall be under the necessity of making a new arrangement of the engines, a new alignment.
there was a gridiron in the pantry, on which my morning rasher of bacon was cooked.
so ferociously, for the boys were all struck speechless and motionless.
then he went out and took his place with the mob of the unemployed.
by courtesy of the publishers, mcgraw-hill publishing company.
he used to make a cable for his anchor of strips of hickory bark tied together.
standing at the door was a jewish man with an unnatural heavy smear of eyebrow, who caught my eyes as we advanced, and said, when we came up with him, mr. pip and friend?
i take it as it comes, and make the most of it.
it was ten o'clock at night when he stood before the prison of la force, where she had stood hundreds of times.
no man can decide now to which of these motives such extraordinary scenes were referable; it is probable, to a blending of all the three, with the second predominating.
in the following example we have a combination of the historical and the standards methods, finally accounting for and judging the value of the common kinds of cargo steamers.
gentlemen, i wish you a good day, and hoping you and your families will also see your wickedness, and amend!
it is for the sake of the proof that it is not fundamental that we must now endeavour to decide what it is.
only twice more did the housekeeper reappear, and then her stay in the room was very short, and mr. jaggers was sharp with her.
control yourself, always control yourself!
the first, and most expensive, is nature's own--the filter.
in yet other rooms they were putting up meats in boxes and barrels, and wrapping hams and bacon in oiled paper, sealing and labeling and sewing them.
that discreet damsel was attired as usual, except that she was now engaged in substituting for her green kid gloves a pair of white.
they never seem to tire; and there is no place for them to sit down if they did.
think i'm drunk, dontcha, hey?--i know you!
it was january, midwinter, an awful time to have to face privation.
he was once indiscreet, but you will perhaps be so good as to overlook that.
man does some of his part of the exchange work in his six weeks of haying, and it is no boys play.
but the pen, in the honest hand, has always been mightier than the grave.
on my politely bidding him good morning, he said, pompously, seven times nine, boy?
here is this boy which you brought up by hand.
mrs. gummidges peculiar corner of the fireside seemed to me to be the warmest and snuggest in the place, as her chair was certainly the easiest, but it didnt suit her that day at all.
we are not going to confide in any such cross people, jip and i.
though the just heaven knows that i am innocent of any.
but i had quite determined that it would be a heartless fraud to take more money from my patron in the existing state of my uncertain thoughts and plans.
we know that all these rather crude expectations of uniformity are liable to be misleading.
growing and learning and obeying the rules of their elders, or fighting against them, are not easy things to do.
then, as he shook his head, she went on: listen to me--if you git me you vill be glad of it.
my friend, turning a darkening face on peggotty, when he had watched my mother out, and dismissed her with a nod and a smile; do you know your mistresss name?
just so it was in packingtown; the whole district braced itself for the struggle that was an agony, and those whose time was come died off in hordes.
no--just as there was none compelling men like carl to give their lives and sacrifice their wives.
clearly there was no moral efficacy inherent in these forms.
in the center of it was a huge carven bowl, with the glistening gleam of ferns and the red and purple of rare orchids, glowing from a light hidden somewhere in their midst.
my aunt, a little ruffled by the combat, marched past them into the house, with great dignity, and took no notice of their presence, until they were announced by janet.
if a man has faith, he will coperate with equal faith everywhere; if he has not faith, he will continue to live like the rest of the world, whatever company he is joined to.
we can see a similar tendency manifested in the case of several other adjectives.
for thirty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
mr. darnay, good night, god bless you, sir!
first, in uncontrolled moments, under the influence of sleepiness or drink or delirium, you will say things calculated to injure the faithless deceiver.
i provided, and sent down by the norwood coach the night before, a delicate little hamper, amounting in itself, i thought, almost to a declaration.
but youll bear in mind about the money, as theers at all times some laying by for him?
i know that i lounged about the streets, insufficiently and unsatisfactorily fed.
the specialist informed him that the length of time required for his cure would depend largely upon himself.
ogre that he was, he spoke like an epicure.
it warnt for long as i felt that; for she was found.
it had not lasted a minute, when he nodded and went out.
oh, take her to julia mills, and go away, please!
he smiled at her unconscious admission that she would have been unhappy without charles, having seen him; and replied: my child, you did see him, and it is charles.
he sits on the edge of a chair in the background.
in the end she and marija pushed him out of the door and shut it behind him.
then they smiled, but it was not a gay smile; it was lost and pleading.
by the sad and lonely hunger of the spirit; by seeking and striving and yearning, by heartache and despairing, by agony and sweat of blood!
towards the marshes i now went straight, having no time to spare.
we have stolen candles from the home of the street sweepers, we have stolen flints and knives and paper, and we have brought them to this place.
such a plan, or that of treating the whole life from the point of view of the central, controlling motive, is the ideal method.
this is probably true, but it is an hypothesis, and for our purposes an unnecessary one.
before proceeding further, let us summarise the argument so far as it has gone.
he had put up a hand between his eyes and the light, and the very bones of it seemed transparent.
but the latter was so thoroughly established as a formal transaction that the case of a loan of money, analytically a real contract, preserved the incidents of the strict law.
it was but for an instant that i seemed to struggle with a thousand mill-weirs and a thousand flashes of light; that instant past, i was taken on board the galley.
he had been discontented for a long time, and not without some cause.
at the moment of my arrival, he had just finished putting somebodys hat into black long-clothes, like an african baby; so he held out his hand for mine.
it was of no use asking myself this question now.
i tell thee it never retreats, and never stops.
the advocates of imageless thinking are not contending merely that there can be thinking which is purely verbal; they are contending that there can be thinking which proceeds neither in words nor in images.
they have been developed to obviate the unhappy results of a theory which would have made the punishment mechanically fit the crime instead of adjusting the penal treatment to the criminal.
there also i have found, in considerable quantities, curious balls, composed apparently of fine grass or roots, of pipewort perhaps, from half an inch to four inches in diameter, and perfectly spherical.
he said, slowly turning his eyes towards me.
my dear copperfield, said mr. micawber, this is luxurious.
it is for the best--it is-- he started to speak again, but she rushed on frantically, heading him off.
neither have i, replied the other, laughing lightly.
i praised them both, highly, and traddles replaced the covering as carefully as he had removed it.
he would generally say at those times, and would briskly fall to his sawing again.
thus, apart from mere systematic and formal improvement, the theory of lawmaking in the maturity of law was negative.
but jurgis soon got very tired of staying in hiding.
he gazed for a few seconds in the face; then stooped to kiss it--oh, how tenderly!--and drew a handkerchief before it.
the night wind from the river, or from the open spaces of the wilds, chills you after a time.
the new emigrants were still tasting it, lost in wonder, when suddenly the car came to a halt, and the door was flung open, and a voice shouted--stockyards!
give me breath enough, said i to my daughter minnie, and ill find passages, my dear.
the most intelligible explanation of the argument known to me is that of gaye.
father, said young jerry, as they walked along: taking care to keep at arm's length and to have the stool well between them: what's a resurrection-man?
so let us always do a kindness, and be over-rejoiced.
indeed, humanity has come to live on very peaceable terms with several thousand varieties of bacteria and to be really at enmity with but a score or more.
mr. micawber may have occasionally given a bill without consulting me, or he may have misled me as to the period when that obligation would become due.
if all the hogs in this carload were not killed at once, they would soon be down with the dread disease, and there would be nothing to do but make them into lard.
she took the first opportunity of angrily ordering my father out of the house, in his presence, and my father has never seen her since.
no, said he, looking as if he hardly understood me.
she was proud and insulting, and you wanted to go away from her.
and the golden one saw it and smiled slowly, and there was in their smile the first sadness we had seen in them.
i'm hard up, too, my goo' fren', he said.
now your dinner is done, carton presently said, why don't you call a health, mr. darnay; why don't you give your toast?
this simple move has resulted in stabilizing prices in lockport and has encouraged the bringing in of farm produce.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
we are steaming at high speed to make the most of the smooth sea.
she was laughingly resolved to put jip through the whole of his performances, before the coach came.
during the first few months after it was established, two or three years ago, it was one of the great sights of a great city.
in the silence that ensued, my aunt walked gravely up to mr. dick, without at all hurrying herself, and gave him a hug and a sounding kiss.
here no particular things or properties are mentioned: the proposition is absolutely general.
how dared you to come betwixt me and a young woman i liked?
nevertheless, you shall not get the better of me.
it is very instructive, but it by no means simplifies its puzzling and complex subject.
is it the immediate object of this confidence, that you may at once ascertain that, with my knowledge?
it was a--it was a pull, said traddles, with his usual wince at that expression.
welcome misery, welcome houselessness, welcome hunger, rags, tempest, and beggary!
say so over and over again, if you have the heart to think so.
society reporting is a fertile field, and for a long time i had been thinking that society columns were too dull.
twenty seven was the knowingest bird of the lot, and had very nearly kept himself safe; but not quite.
the sudden exclusion of the night, and the substitution of black darkness in its place, warned me that the man had closed a shutter.
we shall find that this point of view is important, but not exhaustive of the nature of knowledge.
finally, i remember that when i got into my little bedroom, i was truly wretched, and had a strong conviction on me that i should never like joes trade.
the events of the day, in combination with the twins, if not with the flip, had made mrs. micawber hysterical, and she shed tears as she replied: i never will desert mr. micawber.
in the treatment of the aeroplane, if we are presenting our words to engineers, we shall probably analyze the present lack of proper engine power and try to suggest means of correction.
this pond has rarely been profaned by a boat, for there is little in it to tempt a fisherman.
i have verified my information, and theres an end.
it conceives of application of law as involving nothing but a mechanical fitting of the case with the strait-jacket of rule or remedy.
this is one of the facts which any theory of belief must explain if it is to be satisfactory.
mr. cruncher was soothed, but shook his head in a dubious and moral way.
but if you thought, herbert, that you could, without doing any injury to your business, leave the question open for a little while for any while, cried herbert.
how do you tink she can be ven you leave her to kill herself so?
the book turned in his hands into a masterpiece of appalling morality.
thaw with his gentle persuasion is more powerful than thor with his hammer.
he was buttoned up, mighty trim and tight, and must have taken a great deal of pains with his whiskers, which were accurately curled.
the windows of the chamber where he lay, i darkened last.
well, returned mr. waterbrook, pursing up his mouth, and playing with his watch-chain, in a comfortable, prosperous sort of way.
the human race is interested in these experiments, though a few old women who are incapacitated for them, or who own their thirds in mills, may be alarmed.
these batteries run the many motors on which depends the success of the work.
he was a man who spent all his time fiddling; and he would go to parties at night and not get home till sunrise, and so of course he did not feel like work.
yet a certain field of justice without law always remained and by one device or another the balance of the supposedly excluded administrative element was preserved.
the society of girls is a very delightful thing, copperfield.
the advertisement directed us to apply to mrs. crupp on the premises, and we rung the area bell, which we supposed to communicate with mrs. crupp.
dont say no, returned the little woman, looking at me with the aspect of a connoisseur; a little bit more eyebrow?
it was dark and raining, and i saw more fog and mud in a minute than i had seen in a year.
you stripped me of the greater part of all i ever had, said my aunt.
each of these possible meanings--and there are more not listed here--is implied in the treatment actually given to the subject.
erotic desire in those who have had little or no experience of its satisfaction--mistakes are to be expected, and do in fact very often occur.
it was sold, and proved successful, and the pagenstechers were rushed with orders.
we had never thought of that which we did.
but it would be a hard one to learn, and you have got beyond her, and its of no use now.
but the plains above which they have traveled and the weald to which they go, the people of the valley cannot see and hardly recall.
the means of development which the individual loses by being prevented from gratifying his inclinations to the injury of others, are chiefly obtained at the expense of the development of other people.
i admire your taste, sir, says mr. chestle.
'he is not here,' i said, supporting the boy, and thinking that he referred to the brother.
it was as if the pillars of his soul had fallen in--he was blasted with horror.
he would no longer be the sport of circumstances, he would be a man, with a will and a purpose; he would have something to fight for, something to die for, if need be!
if the usual route is blocked by an accident, he goes by some other route.
a very different spectacle is exhibited among a people accustomed to transact their own business.
for a moment i looked wildly round my trap for any chance of escape; but there was none.
perhaps it would be better to go home in the morning, anyway, for the children would be at school, and he and elzbieta could have a quiet explanation.
i am very hungry, said jurgis gravely; i would like to buy some food.
but what of that, so long as it tickles the palate more strongly?
if our dreams, night after night, were as coherent one with another as our days, we should hardly know whether to believe the dreams or the waking life.
the various shades of the sand are singularly rich and agreeable, embracing the different iron colors, brown, gray, yellowish, and reddish.
i would observe, by the way, that it costs me nothing for curtains, for i have no gazers to shut out but the sun and moon, and i am willing that they should look in.
nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the united states.
if a low use is to be served, one man will do nearly or quite as well as another; if a high one, individual excellence is to be regarded.
it was as impressive a wreck as one could imagine on the sea-shore, and had as good a moral.
i said i thought that would do handsomely.
he emptied his glass, got up, and stood at the side of the fire, with his heavy brown hand on the mantel-shelf.
it is by this time mere vegetable mould and undistinguishable pond shore, through which rushes and flags have pushed up.
a miserable foreboding that she would yield to, and sustain herself by, the same feeling in reference to any sacrifice for his sake, had oppressed me ever since.
i regret to state that i was not afraid of telling the enormous lie comprehended in the answer no.
the logic of the idealist tradition has gradually grown very complex and very abstruse, as may be seen from the bradleian sample considered in our first lecture.
it had a quieter look than any other place of the same description they had passed, and, though red with patriotic caps, was not so red as the rest.
we will consider what kind of music they are like.
it made my second year much happier than my first; and, what was better still, made doras life all sunshine.
from some pocket in his breast, he took out, with a very careful hand a small paper bundle containing two or three letters or little packets, which he laid upon the table.
to an unfortunate bachelor of a fellow who has lived alone all his life, you know, its positively delicious.
your quick mind will have already supplied what i omitted.
if it were not for such families as this, i think i should move out of concord.
that she does regard him with some innocent regret, with some blameless thoughts of what might have been, but for me, is, i fear, too true.
and, to trick the enemy, we shall perhaps open fire far off on the left, while we are stealing out to the right, and thus we may take him off his guard.
all the time, our overfraught hearts are beating at a rate that would far outstrip the fastest gallop of the fastest horses ever foaled.
yet, if mankind are justified in interfering with each other's liberty in things which do not concern the interests of others, on what principle is it possible consistently to exclude these cases?
to overcome the difficulty of getting past that monosyllable, i took it from her, and said, repeating it with emphasis, well!
i gave him the other, and he shook it heartily, and said i was a brave fellow, and went away.
finally, when you come to the expression, be sure that what you say means something, and that you know what it means.
the lawyer read over the deed, and when he had read it he informed szedvilas that it was all perfectly regular, that the deed was a blank deed such as was often used in these sales.
he could make out dimly in one corner a pallet of rags and old blankets, spread upon the floor; at the foot of it was a crucifix, and near it a priest muttering a prayer.
we were to keep our secret from mr. spenlow; but i am sure the idea never entered my head, then, that there was anything dishonourable in that.
if there were such a thing as a pure imagination-image, without any prototype whatever, it would be destitute of meaning.
the trial came on at once, and, when he was put to the bar, he was seated in a chair.
when the hollow needle reached its destination, a few drops of a colorless liquid spurted out--the famous cerebro-spinal fluid, the substance which, like a water-jacket, envelops the brain and the spinal cord.
after several trips, other bees that have discovered the secret arrive.
similarly, children learning to talk make all sorts of sounds, until one day the right sound comes by accident.
some subjects require such a mass, and in such a case the note-taker will use as much space as he needs.
almost all of the problems of jurisprudence come down to a fundamental one of rule and discretion, of administration of justice by law and administration of justice by the more or less trained intuition of experienced magistrates.
his singleness of purpose and resolution, and his elevated piety, endowed him, without his knowledge, with perennial youth.
he would bring to it all the skill that practice had brought him, and he would stand, whoever fell.
in this case the meaning of the image or word is general: it means the whole kind.
in this way the space which consists of relations between perspectives can be rendered continuous, and (if we choose) three-dimensional.
to take the self first: the question as to what is to be reckoned part of the self and what is not, is a very difficult one.
but my life--my life--upon the truth and honour of the dear lady who has been the subject of this conversation!
which that were my own belief, answered joe; her compliments to mrs. j. gargery much good theyll do me!
no one would presume to declare that the total possibilities of the subject are here met and explained; yet no one can rightly say that the chosen treatment is unfair.
but you dont take notice of him with a mothers eye!
we took things much more easily in the commons than they could be taken anywhere else, he observed, and that set us, as a privileged class, apart.
perhaps the very difficulty of attaining success is what has stayed many minds in floundering, timid, fogginess.
he beat me then, as if he would have beaten me to death.
i did not read books the first summer; i hoed beans.
the guests are expected to pay for this entertainment; if they be proper guests, they will see that there is a neat sum left over for the bride and bridegroom to start life upon.
and i am afraid theres a skeleton--in a wig--on the ledge of the desk.
eastward i go only by force; but westward i go free.
this is the method of professor ely's well-known book on property and contract.
--respecting the small property of my poor father, whom i never saw--so long dead-- mr. lorry moved in his chair, and cast a troubled look towards the hospital procession of negro cupids.
i had often passed it before, during my residence in that neighbourhood, though never when i could choose another road.
* * * * * there is another very efficient substitute for the dynamite cartridge, which may abolish blasting even in hard-rock mines.
moreover, any man more right than his neighbors constitutes a majority of one already.
she carried a bare candle in her hand, which she had probably taken from one of the sconces in her own room, and was a most unearthly object by its light.
and here, with the aptest illustrative force, after i have laid down my part-truth, i must step in with its opposite.
it was surprising that so much destructiveness could be contained in one human mind.
in another two days we should be approaching the canal, and then--to be clear of 'submarine waters' for a term.
brutus desires that csar should be dead, and believes that he will be dead if he is stabbed; brutus therefore stabs him, and the stab causes csar's death, as brutus expected it would.
dear boy, i aint come so fur, not fur to be low.
* with such a view, desire is no longer a true cause, but merely a short way of describing certain processes.
mr. howells has written a better book about venice than about ohio.
another traveler came in and lunched too.
there was another blank silence before her father rejoined: i believe it.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
those words of mrs. strongs were constantly recurring to me, at this time; were almost always present to my mind.
those who first broke the yoke of what called itself the universal church, were in general as little willing to permit difference of religious opinion as that church itself.
the possible water-power of a country or district is, therefore, primarily dependent on rainfall, but also, of course, on absorption and surface evaporation.
it was right that i should pay the forfeit of my headlong passion.
for the honour of the family, i could even resolve to incommode you to that extent.
her expression air then as follering: mr. gargery.
my aunt, with her own watch in her hand, did the like.
three times now the agent had warned him that he would not tolerate another delay.
you know best, pip; but dont you think you are happier as you are?
micawber, said mrs. micawber, shaking her head, no!
the misses irene and alice lewisohn of no.
ladybird has learnt to know then that his mind is walking up and down, walking up and down, in his old prison.
he laughed heartily at my feeble portrait of that gentleman, and said he was a man to know, and he must know him.
a fortunate pioneer in the movement bought seven acres, with five hundred feet of lake frontage, for three hundred dollars six years ago.
i could not; hence i grieve my whole life long the wrong i did in that i did no wrong.
on the other, rounded masses of scrub oak and alder roll back from the edge of the ice like clouds of reddish smoke.
but, he had been so careful to get it accurately, that he then spelt it with perfect correctness.
you see, the attendance at the school is limited to a small number; so each one of us receives a great deal of individual attention and help.
against such errors, the only safeguard is to be able, once in a way, to discard words for a moment and contemplate facts more directly through images.
is not this the rule also for the height of mountains, regarded as the opposite of valleys?
dogs bay the moon, not because they consider that it is to their advantage to do so, but because they feel an impulse to bark.
mr. jorkins is very difficult to move from the beaten track.
but consciousness, as we have seen, is a complex notion, involving beliefs, as well as mnemic phenomena such as are required for perception and memory.
i made out that i was fastened to a stout perpendicular ladder a few inches from the wall,a fixture there,the means of ascent to the loft above.
i want diversion, and i have done with men and women.
the proverb says, you cant make a silk purse out of a sows ear.
it was under his hand, and i soothed him to let me move his hand away.
sub-titles are often used to supplement and amplify the titles.
you will be sure to hear when the jury come in.
hearts confined by cobwebs would burst at last, and then love was avenged.
but this i know,--that we saw the doctor before he saw us, sitting at his table, among the folio volumes in which he delighted, resting his head calmly on his hand.
the castle battlements arose upon my view at eight oclock.
[illustration] when i came down again, i found joe and orlick sweeping up, without any other traces of discomposure than a slit in one of orlicks nostrils, which was neither expressive nor ornamental.
do you help her, mr. dick, said traddles, if you please.
you say they are marks of finger-nails, and you set up the hypothesis that she destroyed her child.
moan for what you made him; not for your love.
oh, dora, dearest, dearest, do not speak to me so.
but here the intuitive knowledge upon which our belief is based is knowledge of the existence of sense-data derived from looking at the print which gives the news.
say rather, i should not be; for i have my letter to satis house to write, before i go to sleep.
said i. mr. wopsle shut his eyes, and opened them again; performing both ceremonies very slowly.
the truth or falsehood of a belief does not depend upon anything intrinsic to the belief, but upon the nature of its relation to its objective.
it was to be a story for boys; no need of psychology or fine writing; and i had a boy at hand to be a touchstone.
we have been led, in the course of our inquiry, to admit unconscious beliefs and unconscious desires.
a struggle was evidently in his face; a struggle with that occasional look which had a tendency in it to dark doubt and dread.
i shall be rendered suspected, by my own sister.
in other words, there is always some exhaust air from the front of the piston, caught between it and the cylinder by the reversal of the valve just before the forward stroke is finished.
it was one of the irons i began to heat immediately, and one of the irons i kept hot, and hammered at, with a perseverance i may honestly admire.
the proposition that two and two are four follows by purely logical deduction from definitions: that means that its truth results, not from the properties of objects, but from the meanings of symbols.
in business, farmer, and school circles in the middle west mr. clark is famous for his whimsical, inspiring speeches.
the man of the old world sets out upon his way.
well, returned mr. dick, scratching his ear with his pen, and looking dubiously at me.
he had diminished the distance rapidly, but not so rapidly as to come up with monseigneur on the road.
if the engine whistles, let it whistle till it is hoarse for its pains.
when we stopped for supper i couldnt muster courage to take any, though i should have liked it very much, but sat by the fire and said i didnt want anything.
she hadn't worn the pin to the restaurant, and her husband hadn't seen it that night.
from the first moment of her dark eyes resting on me, i saw she knew i was the bearer of evil tidings.
she stood over me; glared; searched for words to meet the occasion; found none.
it is not essential to a causal law that the object inferred should be later than some or all of the data.
this time jurgis was bound for the bridewell, a petty jail where cook county prisoners serve their time.
answer him one question, and hell ask you a dozen directly.
but it is useless for impatient spirits (like you and i, for instance) to call on people to walk before they can stand.
the natural day is very calm, and will hardly reprove his indolence.
so, the time came for him to bid lucie good night, and they separated.
when next you hear a symphony, listen so that you can write an appreciative criticism.
any man who knows anything about butchering knows that the flesh of a cow that is about to calve, or has just calved, is not fit for food.
he only winked lazily, when she kissed his ball of a head.
finally i thought of dropping entirely out of the social, religious and charitable activities of the town, investing in a typewriter and subscribing to a correspondence-school course in stenography.
what weak heart, confident before trial, may not succumb under temptation invincible?
it was not on that evening; but, as i well remember, on the next evening but one, which was a sunday; that i took agnes to see dora.
his monument is designed not merely to preserve his memory but to mark as well the present importance of the butlerian sect.
my nearest neighbor is a mile distant, and no house is visible from any place but the hill-tops within half a mile of my own.
can i turn it to no good account for yourself, mr. carton?
engineering teaches people to think in curves.
the members of this higher group of productive students are rarely understood by the common spirits, who appreciate as little their unselfish devotion as their unworldly neglect of the practical side of the problems.
the west-end destination of the coach, is the golden cross.
you will restrain any demonstrative championship or vengeance in this place, of course, mr. copperfield?
yet it is admirable to profess because it was once admirable to live.
but that lady, kissing me, and making me put them back in my pocket, replied that she couldnt think of it.
the track-layer is one of the most interesting tools with which the railway-builder carries out his epoch-making work.
an old woman in his father's village taught him his letters, and pronounced him a dunce.
oh what a foolish fellow you were, doady, when i gave you one!
the boy and the weather-cock have the same defect: they do not vary their response when the stimulus is varied.
the church with the slender spire, that stands on the top of the hill now, was not there then to tell me the time.
but nowadays most men admit that beliefs must be tested by observation, and not merely by the fact that they harmonize with other beliefs.
for forty years, he produced and distributed project gutenberg-tm ebooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
a browning pistol manufactured by the fabrique nationale of belgium was made the standard equipment for the armies of belgium, russia, spain, italy and serbia.
in coaching, our place was always between the two fattest!
wemmick was silent for a little while, and then said with a kind of start, well you know, mr. pip, i must tell you one thing.
but my aunt had her own ideas concerning london provision, and ate but little.
he relinquished them with an agreeable smile, and combated with the door as if it were a wild beast.
for the tenderness of joe was so beautifully proportioned to my need, that i was like a child in his hands.
it comes of flowing on so quiet, and of that there rippling at the boats head making a sort of a sunday tune.
one was in a court close to st. martins church--at the back of the church,--which is now removed altogether.
mr. barkis the carrier was to call for me in the morning at nine oclock.
thus, in some sense it would seem we must be acquainted with our selves as opposed to our particular experiences.
the shade of a young butcher rises, like the apparition of an armed head in macbeth.
so they began a tour, among sights that made jurgis stare amazed.
by little and little, when i come to a new village or that, among the poor people, i found they knowd about me.
and rushed into my arms, where i held him tight.
the way in which the problem is expounded in the above discussion is worthy of galileo, but the solution suggested is not the right one.
a third point, perhaps not quite so certain as our previous two, is that the truth of memory cannot be wholly practical, as pragmatists wish all truth to be.
of the thousands of contributions of all kinds submitted, a considerable proportion are not in the least adapted to the periodical to which they have been sent.
so, probably, the depth of the ocean will be found to be very inconsiderable compared with its breadth.
each of these stoppages was made at a doleful grating, by which any languishing good airs that were left uncorrupted, seemed to escape, and all spoilt and sickly vapours seemed to crawl in.
we naturally believe, for example, that tables and chairs, trees and mountains, are still there when we turn our backs upon them.
his chief consideration should be the class of readers that he desires to reach.
exceptions exist, but are capable of being explained as easily as the exceptions to the rule that unsupported bodies in air fall.
this is the witness encountered by appointment, by me, jacques four.
the caution against this danger in general must be remembered.
he is memorializing the lord chancellor, or the lord somebody or other--one of those people, at all events, who are paid to be memorialized--about his affairs.
all is agreed and understood between us, now, trot, said my aunt, and we need talk of this no more.
moreover, when this method is not too abstractly pursued, it gives to things, after all, a human meaning, for it links them to humanity.
but i'll swear it was a name of two syllables.
much as i knowd the birds names in the hedges to be chaffinch, sparrer, thrush.
it is wonderful how rapidly yet perfectly the sand organizes itself as it flows, using the best material its mass affords to form the sharp edges of its channel.
redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.
that means you have to go, she said to jurgis.
that intelligence progresses from the indefinite to the definite, and that the vague appears earlier than either the particular or the general.
mr. omer, hearing his daughters footstep before i heard it, touched me with his pipe, and shut up one eye, as a caution.
he broke down again, endeavouring to bless her!
but perchance it would be wisest never to put ones paw into it.
mountain tempests are endurable to the silken-petaled.
i wore away the longest part of many wild sad nights, in those rides; reviving, as i went, the thoughts that had occupied me in my long absence.
could any parts of the article be omitted without serious loss?
it will die out, said monsieur the marquis, glancing at his hands, directly.
given any two fractions, however near together, there are other fractions greater than the one and smaller than the other, and therefore no two fractions are consecutive.
i felt that i had come to the brink of my grave.
when a man says hes willin, said mr. barkis, turning his glance slowly on me again, its as much as to say, that mans a-waitin for a answer.
why, my dear copperfield, said the doctor, you are a man!
if she had no money, she was a proletarian, and sold herself for an existence.
the buyer would nod or drop his whip, and that would mean a bargain; and he would note it in his little book, along with hundreds of others he had made that morning.
mr. peggotty gave his head another toss, as much as to say: i have no doubt of it.
one or the other of you is for ever in the way.
they no longer soar, and they attain only to a shanghai and cochin china grandeur.
i could commonly hear the splash of the water when he came up, and so also detected him.
for my part, i could have gone through a good deal (though i was much less brave than traddles, and nothing like so old) to have won such a recompense.
it is best, he said, finally resolved, that these people should know there is such a man as i here.
she sat on one side of the fire; i sat at the desk in front of it; a little beyond me, on the other side, sat agnes.
i was perfectly sure that i shouldn't do the least good; so i had another, and gazed through the kaleidoscopic window, rushing with rain, at the cheerful world that held me.
reminding him of the fact, that mr. peggotty derived a steady, though certainly a very moderate income from the bequest of his late brother-in-law, i promised to do so.
it will presently be seen that the question was not before me in a distinct shape until it was put before me by a wiser head than my own.
the verification of our judgment, so far as verification is possible, must be derived from the immediately succeeding actions of the animal.
the doctor, in the goodness of his heart, waved his hand as if to make light of it, and save mr. jack maldon from any further reminder.
the more of a fighter he was the better--he would need to fight before he got through.
i got through some jargon to the effect that i took the liberty of doubting that.
it may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
now, that the streets were quiet, and the night wore on, the words were in the echoes of his feet, and were in the air.
confessions that show how faults and personal difficulties have been overcome prove helpful to readers laboring under similar troubles.
he therefore defeats, in his own case, the very purpose which is the justification of allowing him to dispose of himself.
what was the meaning of this so steady and self-respecting, this small herculean labor, i knew not.
what a form she had, what a face she had, what a graceful, variable, enchanting manner!
rationalists believed that, from general consideration as to what must be, they could deduce the existence of this or that in the actual world.
he took the lamp in his hand, crossed the two intervening outer rooms, and opened it.
in the state of trouble into which his disclosure by my fire had thrown me, i had thought very much of the words agnes had used in reference to the partnership.
those who knew him in infancy had not expected that he would be reared.
there was no evidence of it in me; i know of no influence it had in anything i said or did.
the best books are not read even by those who are called good readers.
but, lord bless you, said mr. omer, huskily, it aint the passages thats out of order!
i have overheard words of that woman's, to-night, which have presented their danger to me in strong colours.
then you must get him out of england before you stir a finger to extricate yourself.
all is well, handel, said herbert, and he is quite satisfied, though eager to see you.
its handle, which any child could hold, was somewhat shorter and thicker than a hoe-handle, and had a slotted tin barrel on its ventral side along its entire length.
but the thought came into my mind as a new reproach and new regret, when i was left so sad and lonely in the world.
how they build and cumulate, how the sentences shift, turn and move in delicate loops and ridges under the blowing wind of thought, like the sand of the dunes that he describes in one essay.
the prototype of our memory-image did fit into a physical context, while our memory-image does not.
it seemed to me that we continued thus for a long time.
yah, the imbecility of the whole set of em!
but, whether this be true or false, we can choose the just turn of the seasons in everything we do of our own will, and especially in the making of hay.
i dwelt upon the fact that sophy--who i do assure you, copperfield, is the dearest girl!-- i am certain she is!
dress a scarecrow in your last shift, you standing shiftless by, who would not soonest salute the scarecrow?
i was hungry, but before i had swallowed a morsel, he began a running sum that lasted all through the breakfast.
is it being a good wife to oppose your husband's business?
i went away from england; not knowing, even then, how great the shock was, that i had to bear.
they tell me of california and texas, of england and the indies, of the hon.
charles darnay roused himself, and gave the required information, in words as suitable as he could find.
janet reporting it to be quite ready, i was taken up to it; kindly, but in some sort like a prisoner; my aunt going in front and janet bringing up the rear.
the reaction of war upon the finer sensibilities of civilians.
for three heavy hours, the stone faces of the chateau, lion and human, stared blindly at the night.
let us never be blind, said mr. pumblechook, to her faults of temper, but it is to be hoped she meant well.
in a minute or two, however, it began slowly to revolve, and then the men upon each side of it sprang to work.
they were not looking upon us, but upon the sky.
we have this feeling normally in places where we have often been before--at home, or in well-known streets.
then jurgis stood a few seconds, wavering.
he had taken up the poker again; without which, i doubt if he could have proceeded in his demonstration.
they represent the stark twilight and unsatisfied thoughts which all have.
is this common material made of essential or non-essential facts?
but when we approach psychology from a more introspective standpoint, we have to distinguish sensations and perceptions, if possible, from other mental occurrences, if any.
mamma, said herbert, this is young mr. pip.
the men and women who worked in this department were precisely the color of the fresh country sausage they made.
literate people in those days were comparatively few; but, bating that, one may say that sermons were as much in request as novels are to-day.
you vill be foolish not to take such an offer, she said.
from this slight occasion sprang two meetings that i have now to tell of.
never had i seen such passionate eagerness as was joined to her utterance of these words.
suspected and denounced enemy of the republic, aristocrat, one of a family of tyrants, one of a race proscribed, for that they had used their abolished privileges to the infamous oppression of the people.
and on the other hand if he came ahead of time he got no pay for that--though often the bosses would start up the gang ten or fifteen minutes before the whistle.
finally, he had proposed, after anxious consideration, that miss pross and jerry, who were at liberty to leave the city, should leave it at three o'clock in the lightest-wheeled conveyance known to that period.
the purchaser could lose money in two ways at swift ratios, and perhaps unsuspectingly: he might not use his full hauling capacity each day or would use it only half the year, during his busy season.
alterations have been made in that part of the temple since that time, and it has not now so lonely a character as it had then, nor is it so exposed to the river.
all of these were sinister incidents; but they were trifles compared to what jurgis saw with his own eyes before long.
thus it served as a needed check upon the exuberance of growth stimulated by the theory of natural law.
when he got to the place where she worked he inquired of one of the watchmen--there had not been any accident, so far as the man had heard.
some registers were lying open on a desk, and an officer of a coarse, dark aspect, presided over these.
ropes, hooks, and pulleys are found on every side, and though, from the cursory point of view, it appears an intricate piece of mechanism, yet its operation is absurdly simple.
he had poured all of his best olive oil on the mosquito marsh.
sheep was a cant word of the time for a spy, under the gaolers.
but girls have no such reserves; and the teachers in charge of twenty-five strange girls, many in the throes of this really distressing ailment, are not to be envied.
but joe was readier with his definition than i had expected, and completely stopped me by arguing circularly, and answering with a fixed look, her.
this is such a common phenomenon that any theory of desire which fails to account for it must be wrong.
it is safe to say that of the thousands of boys who apply annually at the employment office, two-thirds are between sixteen and eighteen years of age.
until you spoke to her the other day, and until i saw in you a looking-glass that showed me what i once felt myself, i did not know what i had done.
she never got outside of that place for ten months, and then they sent her away, because she didn't suit.
if we assume the world of common sense, all these changes, including those attributed to physiological causes, are changes in the intervening medium.
he had no occasion, i thought, to cry out silence!
and if you cannot, child, here my aunt rubbed her nose, you must just accustom yourself to do without em.
it appeared so long, since i had been a schoolboy there, that i wondered the place was so little changed, until i reflected how little i was changed myself.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
i saw the setting sun lighting up the opposite side of a stately pine wood.
miss mills was copying music (i recollect, it was a new song, called affections dirge), and dora was painting flowers.
his father, eighty years old, could not remember when it was not there.
what does he do, but, lo and behold you, he goes into a perfumers shop, and wants to buy a bottle of the madagascar liquid.
put me down for anything you may consider right, and let me know.
you understand, he said, that in a society dominated by the fact of commercial competition, money is necessarily the test of prowess, and wastefulness the sole criterion of power.
i glanced at the latter deferentially as he stood looking out of window.
there were marks of an axe and of woodpeckers on the butt.
(they all staggered in these plays, and in the new drama they walk, and the effect is feebleness itself.)
as if the rest of mankind had stood his sentinels.
hear the crunching of the bayonet, plunged into human flesh; hear the groans and shrieks of agony, see the faces of men crazed by pain, turned into fiends by fury and hate!
or the keeping of bees under such circumstances might be described as an interesting example of enterprise on the part of a city man living in the suburbs.
when they were growing, i used to hoe from five oclock in the morning till noon, and commonly spent the rest of the day about other affairs.
he had to choose between writing about peoples lives or living those lives with people.
the last time that i saw her like her own old self, was the night when you came home, my dear.
he has not fallen astern; he has got up early and kept up early, and to be where he is, is to be in season, in the foremost rank of time.
do you find other members which, though not really necessary, are so interesting as to be worth including?
but i know in what it is engendered, trotwood,--in how true a remembrance of our having grown up together, and in how true an interest in all relating to you.
now the dreadful winter was come upon them.
at this stage, it will be well to say a few words on legitimate and illegitimate uses of this word.
the recorders report is made to-day, and he is sure to be executed on monday.
he's a foreman in brown's or used to be.
she put her hand in mine, and told me she was proud of me, and of what i said; although i praised her very far beyond her worth.
i wondered.... then i sat down on the sofa, and flatly told katarina that i was not going unless i had a reason.
all you have to do is to repeat this magic charm once and no dragon can possibly harm a hair of your head.
but this boy, you know; we must have him bound.
and i felt absolutely certain that this woman was estellas mother.
and as the emperor had the sovereignty of the roman people devolved upon him, the institutes of justinian could lay down that the will of the emperor had the force of a law.
in the meantime, confer with miss trotwood, or with any person with any knowledge of life, said mr. spenlow, adjusting his cravat with both hands.
if we insist upon keeping our platoon as rigidly straight, even while we climb hills through the woods, as ever a line was kept at west point, we shall come to grief.
of murdstone and grinby, in the wine trade, he replied.
the destroyer widens off at the rebound, but by clutch of friendly hands the men are dragged aboard.
no wonder, then, that he did not oftener stay to play on the common.
we interchanged that confidence without shaping a syllable.
when i go into their wardrobes and handle their vestments, i am reminded of no grassy plains and flowery meads which they have frequented, but of dusty merchants exchanges and libraries rather.
the unconverted will say that such a monument to such a man is absurdly disproportionate.
so the old man's cough grew every day worse, until there came a time when it hardly ever stopped, and he had become a nuisance about the place.
home was not a very attractive place--at least not this winter.
now, heaven defeat the fancy of lucie darnay, and keep these feet far out of her life!
the harvest-fever was in the very air, and no man with any spirit in him could be in that region and not catch it.
you should have asked before you touched the hand.
but she did not fall from the horse; she slipped off, dazed a bit, staggered and fell in a faint.
at this minute i see him turn round in the garden, and give us a last look with his ill-omened black eyes, before the door was shut.
if you had had one, i should think she would have been a pretty, timid, little, bright-eyed sort of girl.
i think i will go down and see my old nurse.
but i recollect being conscious of his company without having noticed his coming in--and my still sitting, musing, over the coffee-room fire.
all the partnership books and papers must remain in our possession; all your books and papers; all money accounts and securities, of both kinds.
not that dr. mulford would abbreviate the ceremonies attendant upon arbor day planting, but he thinks that they do not mean much unless the roots planted receive proper and constant care.
not to make joe uneasy by talking too much, even if i had been able to talk much, i deferred asking him about miss havisham until next day.
any habitual action, such as eating or dressing, may be performed on the appropriate occasion, without any need of thought, and the same seems to be true of a painfully large proportion of our talk.
but the poetry is not memorable, except for some verses by the few standard poets.
but they did not look at us or raise a smile of response.
for such reasons, no form of self-evidence seems to afford an absolute criterion of truth.
you have acted and recounted faithfully.
my house aint much for to see, sir, but its hearty at your service if ever you should come along with masr davy to see it.
the shambling figure, and the scanty great-coat, were not to be mistaken.
mutual confidence will sustain us to the end!
i thought of our house shut up and hushed.
i remember one case i was told of--a little stenographer.
i have always been so, said he, from my childhood; i never had much mind; i was not like other children; i am weak in the head.
we cannot say that this belief consists in a relation to a single object, 'desdemona's love for cassio', for if there were such an object, the belief would be true.
he would have conducted me immediately into the presence of uriah, but i declined.
for anything that i can perceive to the contrary, it is still probable that my children may be reduced to seek a livelihood by personal contortion, while mrs. micawber abets their unnatural feats by playing the barrel-organ.
we have been silent, and there is a smile upon her face.
they were all of them too hungry to talk; but afterward they sat upon the steps and smoked, and the farmer questioned his guest.
and is not the person who is trying to learn much alive, with the pit of his stomach nervously aware of the hardness of the bench?
i was still in this state of expectation, and had been, for nearly a week; when i left the doctors one snowy night, to walk home.
his head and throat were bare, and, as he spoke with a helpless look straying all around, he took his coat off, and let it drop on the floor.
it seems to me that in this matter he has been betrayed into denying plain facts in the interests of a theory, namely, the supposed impossibility of introspection.
still, so it was, continued mrs. micawber.
they were so much occupied, however, in discussing the marvels i had already presented for their consideration, that i escaped.
he seemed to find an immense fund of reflection in this circumstance, and sat pondering and inwardly whistling for some time.
they told me a curious thing when i was there.
he always carried (i have not yet mentioned it, i think) a pocket-handkerchief of rich silk and of imposing proportions, which was of great value to him in his profession.
i assure you, aunt, said i, i have been quite unhappy myself all night, to think of doras being so.
go and see him when he has a good batch.
i am convinced, that if all men were to live as simply as i then did, thieving and robbery would be unknown.
thinking that my aunt might have relapsed into one of her old alarms, and might be watching the progress of some imaginary conflagration in the distance, i went to speak to her.
leaning out of the window, and seeing one of the faces on the beam-ends looking at me sideways, i fancied it was uriah heep got up there somehow, and shut him out in a hurry.
and the premium, sir, i returned, is a thousand pounds?
carton was the first stranger to whom little lucie held out her chubby arms, and he kept his place with her as she grew.
and we could get out of the dinner club and the theater bunch.
all this led me into some serious reflections, and presented our mistakes in a new aspect; as i could not help communicating to dora one evening, in spite of my tenderness for her.
there may be an excess even of informing light.
it would require a painter, and no common painter too, to depict my aunts face as she delivered herself of this very unexpected sentiment, and miss murdstones face as she heard it.
every newspaper in st. louis failed to comment on the victory.
his face was thoughtful, and he sat considering a little before he answered, in a low voice, well!
there was an indistinct talk of its being wet.
consciousness is a complex and far from universal characteristic of mental phenomena.
i kept another small loaf, and a modicum of cheese, on a particular shelf of a particular cupboard, to make my supper on when i came back at night.
to portray dramatically in a special article the clash and conflict in everyday affairs is to make a well-nigh universal appeal.
the most influential books, and the truest in their influence, are works of fiction.
the second greatest surprise i have ever had in my life was seeing him on his back again, looking up at me out of a black eye.
however, go to miss havishams i must, and go i did.
they brought a hand-bier, and laid him on it, and covered him with a flag, and took him up and bore him on towards the houses.
besides which, theers one she has in charge, masr davy, as doent ought to be forgot.
now, ill tell you what, young copperfield, said he: the wine shall be kept to wet your whistle when you are story-telling.
with the truly remarkable advantage, then, of this central conception, we can fall into cadence with the stride of our hero marching against his problem and can picture forth the struggle and its significance.
a fourth would be to require the plaintiff to prove negligence, as is done by the supreme court of new jersey where a known vicious animal breaks loose.
but in national feeling there is always latent or explicit an element of hostility to foreigners.
he is no longer sir oracle, perhaps unconsciously by his very manner antagonizing minds to whose level he cannot possibly descend, but he is a senior student anxious to help his juniors.
she cried suddenly, turning herself and her chair towards me, you are looking round for estella?
and then fresh sparks went up above the wood, as if the roof fell in, and we all shouted concord to the rescue!
i get a half share, two dollars and a half for each customer, and sometimes i make twenty-five or thirty dollars a night, and you'd think i ought to save something out of that!
i suppose sense in certain quarters; you suppose mincing bread-and-butter nonsense.
i am quite myself, said i, after a pause.
if the teachers of mankind are to be cognisant of all that they ought to know, everything must be free to be written and published without restraint.
if you touch, in touching my hair, anything that recalls a beloved head that lay on your breast when you were young and free, weep for it, weep for it!
desire has its place, but not so large a place as it is seemed to have.
i forgot to mention that he would talk to himself sometimes, and grin, and clench his fist, and grind his teeth, and pull his hair in an unaccountable manner.
but that only means that it is a somewhat late portion of a continuous process of which the earlier parts have less emotional interest.
and what could it mean--where had she been?
but who do you suppose our other friend is?
and i doubt if even youll go so far as that.
here is my aunt, in stronger spectacles, an old woman of four-score years and more, but upright yet, and a steady walker of six miles at a stretch in winter weather.
notwithstanding an unusual flow of company, the master of the wine-shop was not visible.
the stench was almost overpowering, but to jurgis it was nothing.
it was worth a fortune to the packers to keep their blacklist effective, as a warning to the men and a means of keeping down union agitation and political discontent.
there were no cases of insanity among them, however, none being admitted to the institution under any circumstances.
in this age the quiet surface of routine is as often ruffled by attempts to resuscitate past evils, as to introduce new benefits.
therefore i hinted to peggotty that she would find mr. spenlow much recovered from the shock of mr. barkiss decease; and indeed he came in like a bridegroom.
we cannot speak legitimately of changes in the point of view and the intervening medium until we have already constructed some world more stable than that of momentary sensation.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
since your change of fortune and prospects, you have changed your companions, said estella.
this is a way of life which reminds me of the period when i was myself in a state of celibacy, and mrs. micawber had not yet been solicited to plight her faith at the hymeneal altar.
the last thing i saw was littimers unruffled eye; fraught, as i fancied, with the silent conviction that i was very young indeed.
thats rather a chuckle-headed fellow for the girl; isnt he?
shall a man go and hang himself because he belongs to the race of pygmies, and not be the biggest pygmy that he can?
my aunt clapped her hands, and we all started up as if we were possessed.
in a word, it was impossible for me to separate her, in the past or in the present, from the innermost life of my life.
flints, or sandy pond, in lincoln, our greatest lake and inland sea, lies about a mile east of walden.
we don't even talk about economies any more.
we cannot observe infinitesimals, whether in time or space; we do not even know whether time and space are infinitely divisible.
the question whether we are also acquainted with our bare selves, as opposed to particular thoughts and feelings, is a very difficult one, upon which it would be rash to speak positively.
the woman burst into a fit of laughter, as if she thought this a joke, and tossed it back to me, nodded once, as slightly as before, and made the word go!
because, said mr. lorry, i wouldn't go on such an object without having some cause to believe that i should succeed.
speaking broadly, it is greater in children than in adults, in the uneducated than in the educated.
he listened with the utmost attention, and said, feelingly, when i had done: i am rejoiced at it, sir!
in this town the price of wood rises almost steadily, and the only question is, how much higher it is to be this year than it was the last.
god knows you have, maam, returned peggotty.
i will only hint at some of the enterprises which i have cherished.
i believed that a well conducted tea room in a college town where there was nothing of the kind would pay well, and i proceeded to open a place.
all manuscripts that are clearly unacceptable are turned over to a clerk to be returned with a rejection slip.
then, i think, said mr. lorry, that i was very unhandsomely dealt with, and that i ought to have had a voice in the selection of my pattern.
to this romantic summons i reply with an articulate growl of acquiescence, and proceed to get ready.
i understand yours, peeping down into his face.
the shower was now over, and a rainbow above the eastern woods promised a fair evening; so i took my departure.
such difficulties have made people doubtful how far objective reality could be known by sense at all, and have made them suppose that there were positive arguments against the view that it can be so known.
a plot in the prisons, of the foreigner against the republic.
that is another way of saying that i am placed on the footing i have indicated.
we are wont to imagine rare and delectable places in some remote and more celestial corner of the system, behind the constellation of cassiopeias chair, far from noise and disturbance.
what causes any weakness that they may have?
they certainly will be what they will be, and are in this sense just as determined as the past.
it was a song that imitated the measure of beating upon iron, and was a mere lyrical excuse for the introduction of old clems respected name.
said mr. peggotty, taking up her curls, and running them over his hand like water, heres another orphan, you see, sir.
her father privately married againhis cook, i rather think.
he provided foils for us, and steerforth gave me lessons in fencing--gloves, and i began, of the same master, to improve in boxing.
it was with the greatest difficulty that the boy gathered bodily force to speak; but, his spirit spoke with a dreadful emphasis.
hence for a time they thought of the problem of ethics, of jurisprudence, and of politics as chiefly one of valuing; as a problem of finding criteria of the relative value of interests.
these words had such a round and convincing sound for him that he said them twice.
nor was there in the question put by the clergyman anything likely to enrage him.
these mystical developments are very natural, but the basis of the theory is in logic, and it is as based in logic that we have to consider it.
soon afterwards, the bell at the great gate sounded, and he thought, they have come back!
he tried service as an argument; but that was largely a promise of what motor trucks would do for people after they bought them, and competitors could always promise just as much, and a little more.
as we have already seen, if we watch what we regard as one changing thing, we usually find its changes to be continuous so far as our senses can perceive.
herbert threw in, with his eyes on the fire; which i thought kind and sympathetic of him.)
i would not say happily, my friend, returned the uncle, with refined politeness; i would not be sure of that.
it induced me to hope that miss havisham meant us for one another.
he sat perfectly motionless, silent, but gripping his hands tightly, while a storm gathered in his bosom and a flood heaped itself up behind his eyes.
the delegate explained to him how it depended upon their being able to get every man to join and stand by the organization, and so jurgis signified that he was willing to do his share.
so long as they brought home a half dollar for each day, what mattered it when they brought it?
the desires and pleasures and pains involved are properties of this process, not separate items in the stuff of which the emotion is composed.
will soon come to london, said i, after casting about for a precise form of words, or summon me anywhere else?
i should like to know of any great arc-lamp which could do that.
the other girl went to the piano, and her boy squatted on the floor at her feet.
he may cringe and growl, or cringe and not growl; but he either beats or cringes.
of our all being so merry and talkative in the carriage going back.
they used the very flimsiest and cheapest material; they built the houses a dozen at a time, and they cared about nothing at all except the outside shine.
i signed myself, hers distractedly; and i couldnt help feeling, while i read this composition over, before sending it by a porter, that it was something in the style of mr. micawber.
it would be pleasant to record that he swore off drinking immediately, and all the rest of his bad habits with it; but that would hardly be exact.
without doubt it is safe, for no one beyond ourselves can decipher it; but shall we always be able to decipher it--or, i ought to say, will she?
breath, smoke, clouds, are examples of such things--so, in a lesser degree, are ice and snow; and rivers and seas, though fairly permanent, are not in any degree rigid.
as it was growing late, peggotty and mr. dick took that opportunity of repairing to the chandlers shop together.
when i half awoke from this uncomfortable doze, i found peggotty and my mother both in tears, and both talking.
some magazines submit galley proofs to the author for correction and for any changes that he cares to make.
mr. micawber was for the most part plunged into deep gloom.
second, i am beholden to you as the cause of their being so busy and so mean in vain, and there is my hand upon it.
it would turn a mans blood to white wine winegar to hear him tell of it, sir, said the landlord.
i had had no intercourse with the world at that time, and i imitated none of its many inhabitants who act in this manner.
of course, there can be no objection to your being sorry for him, and id put down a five-pound note myself to get him out of it.
what i outline here is a national, or rather international, system for the providing of the material needs of men.
he put his hand down firmly on the table, and set his sunburnt face into a resolute expression.
for once and all the matter must be settled.
this favoured the desperate resolution charles darnay had begun to make, that he would go to paris.
she never wore a jewel and had no ring but her high school class ring, and never asked for anything but a wrist watch.
i doubt if a ghost could have been more terrible to me, up in those lonely rooms in the long evenings and long nights, with the wind and the rain always rushing by.
they rest, at bottom, upon the impossibility of explaining complexity without assuming constituents.
at any rate, said i, i have no warning given me just now, for you wrote to me to come to you, this time.
his passionate concern for this wrong derives a peculiar emphasis from the general refusal of his books to bestow countenance or notice on philanthropy in its collective forms.
no visitor succeeds in leaving the building to-day without seeing a great shield which hangs on the wall of the dining hall.
there was an artist in the city of kouroo who was disposed to strive after perfection.
she smiled; with a quiet sadness, i thought; and shook her head.
now, thou hast kissed a good republican; something new in thy family; remember it!
after some laughing, the gentleman whom he had called quinion, said: and what is the opinion of brooks of sheffield, in reference to the projected business?
you hadn't taken to the dreadful business then, jerry.
and i have the document itself, in my possession.
we all have special care of certain parts of the greenhouse, too, and each has a part of the nursery, the orchard and the vineyard.
if you received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with your written explanation.
i told him if he waited for that, he would have to wait till doomsday.
said mr. dick, with an attentive, puzzled face.
they had their own affairs, and there was no place for him among them.
hold that noise, said mr. trabb, with the greatest sternness, or ill knock your head off!do me the favor to be seated, sir.
for there is no perpetuity in human endeavor: we strut upon a quicksand: and all that any man may do for good or ill is presently forgotten, because it does not matter.
i have seen her in the streets, he answered, with a shiver.
neither did my aunt; who must have walked, at various times, a hundred miles in her uncertainty.
mr. murdstone makes a movement of impatience which i have been expecting for a long time.
his question was not answered, but the girl who had gone to the door snapped something in a sharp tone which might have been either russian or yiddish.
a blush on the countenance of monsieur the marquis was no impeachment of his high breeding; it was not from within; it was occasioned by an external circumstance beyond his control--the setting sun.
i noticed throughout, that he kept everything under his own hand, and distributed everything himself.
this agitator, law-breaker, firebrand, anarchist!
the messenger rode back at an easy trot, stopping pretty often at ale-houses by the way to drink, but evincing a tendency to keep his own counsel, and to keep his hat cocked over his eyes.
we are not likely to meet often, for some time to come; but i shall be a good correspondent of doras, and we shall frequently hear of one another that way.
through all the darkness, through all the shame of which men are capable, the spirit of man will remain alive on this earth.
monsieur the marquis indicates me with his finger, standing near our little fountain, and says, 'to me!
how far did the character of the subject determine the methods of treatment?
let us suppose, for the sake of argument, that you have a visual image of your breakfast-table.
cried sophy, who was warming his slippers before the fire.
why shouldnt you be in all the worlds power, mr. wickfield?
however, the central body instructed the legislative committee of five to give the girls every help, and they did good service.
he said it was no derogation from a mans dignity to confess that i was a devilish good fellow.
trot, said she, i dont care for strange faces in general, but i rather like that barkis of yours, do you know!
there was greater reason than before to do what i had resolved to do.
ah, what agony was that, what despair, when the tomb of memory was rent open and the ghosts of his old life came forth to scourge him!
now if we scan these two statements carefully, i believe that we shall be persuaded of their inadequacy.
this grew so strong with me, that i resolved to go back to the yard before i took my dinner, and ask the boat-builder if he thought his attempting to return by sea at all likely?
but, great as they are, to think of them greatly, to feel their passionless splendor, is greater still.
nevertheless, we can hardly avoid the consideration of truth and falsehood.
his spirit inspired me with great respect.
it appeared to them much better that the various magistrates of the state should be their tenants or delegates, revocable at their pleasure.
the neighbourhood was a dreary one at that time; as oppressive, sad, and solitary by night, as any about london.
your bank-notes had a musty odour, as if they were fast decomposing into rags again.
after breakfast, the next morning, i had put my chair away, and was going out of the room, when mr. murdstone called me back.
so jurgis rushed home with the wild tidings that he had a job--that the terrible siege was over.
when do you propose to introduce me there, daisy?
false eyebrows and false moustaches were stuck upon them, and their hideous countenances were all bloody and sweaty, and all awry with howling, and all staring and glaring with beastly excitement and want of sleep.
i do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.
between her agitation, and her natural awkwardness in getting out of the cart, peggotty was making a most extraordinary festoon of herself, but i felt too blank and strange to tell her so.
then we lit a candle, and we brought paper from the room of the manuscripts, and we sat by the window, for we knew that we could not sleep tonight.
this is the first i have heard of that one.
it was at this dark time of my life that herbert returned home one evening, a good deal cast down, and said, my dear handel, i fear i shall soon have to leave you.
how can you make yourself so inferior to me, as to show such a bad spirit?
and when a detail has some special bearing, introduce it at the significant point.
under a high state of cultivation, being manured with the hearts and brains of men!
conversation, character-drawing, suspense, and other methods familiar to the writer of short stories may be used effectively in special articles.
we went in at the door, which stood open, and into a gloomy room with a low ceiling, on the ground-floor at the back.
we may say generally that an instrument is accurate in proportion as it reacts differently to very slightly different stimuli.
we keep telling ourselves these things, and talking with animation on other topics.
this emotion would be dependent upon past experience, and would therefore be a mnemic phenomenon according to the definition.
the one we do not prefer will probably seem to us a pale shadow of the one we prefer, and hardly worthy to be regarded as in any sense real.
the packers might own the land, but he claimed the landscape, and there was no one to say nay to this.
and your sister, he resumed, after a little steady eating, which had the honor of bringing you up by hand!
dora had often seen him since our marriage, and was quite fond of him.
but such a view, though it might satisfy spencer and those whom we may call hegelian evolutionists, could not be accepted as adequate by the more whole-hearted votaries of change.
the stately butler bowed his head, but made not a sound; and suddenly master freddie pointed an eager finger at him.
i can set to work now to remember things i never remembered before, such as what i had to eat for breakfast this morning, and it can hardly be wholly habit that enables me to do this.
it depends chiefly on what sort of pencils are provided.
peace between kindreds and peace between clansmen and the growing mass of non-gentile population is the unsatisfied social want to which politically organized society must address itself.
if he becomes a professional rather than an occasional correspondent, wandering will be his business and adventure his daily fare.
where the greeks thought of a stationary society corrected from time to time with reference to its nature or ideal, the middle ages thought of a stationary society resting upon authority and determined by custom or tradition.
so far as the writer merely narrates, he should principally tell of these.
yes, he told them, when he came, it was quite true that they would have to pay interest.
i little thought then that i left it, never to return.
it was homers requiem; itself an iliad and odyssey in the air, singing its own wrath and wanderings.
how much have i to be thankful for in living with mr. wickfield!
the figure in the chair between them, was all the time monotonously rocking itself to and fro, and moaning.
i could have your bail reduced; and then if you had the money you could pay it and skip.
mr. tupper is a young engineer whose work takes him to various parts of the southwest.
each of these younger couples affects a style of its own in dancing.
her friends were told to take her home, bathe the leg with warm water, and keep her as quiet as possible.
no one would regard a man as introspective because he was conscious of having a stomach ache.
with this missive (which i was in twenty minds at once about recalling, as soon as it was out of my hands), the ticket-porter at last departed.
it is so cold, so dark, my senses are so benumbed, and the gloom upon me is so dreadful.
to take our future on myself, will be the next great happiness--the next to his release from all trust and responsibility--that i can know.
i was a little disappointed, i must confess, but thoroughly charmed by his good-nature too.
to a man possessed of the higher imaginative powers, the objection to legal studies is the amount of detail which they involve.
the most interesting part of cannon's book consists in the investigation of the effects produced by secretion of adrenin.
i was much impressed by the extremely comfortable and satisfied manner in which mr. waterbrook delivered himself of this little word yes, every now and then.
many a time, when you were put off with a slight word, he has taken me to his heart!
in ordinary life, we decide this question by counting; but counting, as we saw, is impossible in the case of infinite collections, and is not logically fundamental with finite collections.
you must take care not to seem to encumber obviously simple directions, however, with the machinery of personal narrative so that the whole account is longer than it should be.
i feel convinced that if professor watson had been one of the subjects of the questionnaires, he would have given answers totally different from those recorded in the articles in question.
i hardly knew what i did, i was burning all over to that extraordinary extent; but i took doras little hand and kissed it--and she let me!
in our own case, the one group is our body (or our brain), while the other is our mind, in so far as it consists of perceptions.
the gossip of the waiting-room (of a railroad station, doctor's office, etc.).
fifty-two in the black prison of the conciergerie, the doomed of the day awaited their fate.
emly, indeed, said little all the evening; but she looked, and listened, and her face got animated, and she was charming.
now, it was our hostess's turn to entertain.
this shows that something more is involved, for two different things may have any degree of likeness up to exact similarity.
then dora beat him, and pouted, and said, my poor beautiful flowers!
the morality of stubbing one's toe in the dark.
as he pretended not to see me, i pretended not to see him.
we have seen enough of it, to know that it teems with interest; little more.
people not immediately connected with monseigneur or the state, yet equally unconnected with anything that was real, or with lives passed in travelling by any straight road to any true earthly end, were no less abundant.
my wife came to your house to reclaim her father?
the energy which had at once supported him under his old sufferings and aggravated their sharpness, had been gradually restored to him.
there is now scarcely any outlet for energy in this country except business.
i shall henceforth assume that the existence of images is admitted, and that they are to be distinguished from sensations by their causes, as well as, in a lesser degree, by their effects.
the concrete word picture, like the concrete instance in a narrative beginning, makes a quick and strong appeal.
the people of packingtown had lost their strike, if ever a people had, and so they read these papers gladly, and twenty thousand were hardly enough to go round.
this i addressed to highgate--for in that place, so memorable to me, he lived--and went and posted, myself, without losing a minute.
an old man, a potter, who lived by the pond before the revolution, told him once that there was an iron chest at the bottom, and that he had seen it.
its austere antiquity rebukes the mildest amateur into admiration.
jurgis was destined to find that elzbieta's armor was absolutely impervious to socialism.
i had nothing better to offer, than another timid, oh, indeed!
he declared that a soldier who fights in the ranks does not require half so much courage as a foot-pad,that honor and religion have never stood in the way of a well-considered and a firm resolve.
as they lay screaming and rolling upon the ground in agony, jurgis rushed to help them, and as a result he lost a good part of the skin from the inside of one of his hands.
the form that was to be doomed to be so shamefully mangled, was the sight; the immortal creature that was to be so butchered and torn asunder, yielded the sensation.
the first of these was property earned or acquired by the son in military service.
i trust i give no offence to the companion of my youth, in submitting this proposition to his cooler judgement?
suffice it to say that the porter remembered who he was and what he was, and merely remade the bed.
i feel no desire to own these huge aggregations of odorous beauty.
i felt that it would be a presumption to take the honor to myself.
the english trader and entrepreneur was not seeking for legal instruments.
indeed, the more you have of such things the poorer you are.
there is no pursuing track; was it his own shadow he fled, or the shadow of hawk?
its not much--though it was much to suffer.
leaving gottfried keller and voelter in their hour of success, we find, sixteen years afterward, two other germans, albrecht and rudolf pagenstecher, brothers, in the export trade in new york.
you found me just in the nick of time, she said.
there is need for some care if the distinction between mechanical and vital movements is to be made precise.
so mean is extremity, that i sometimes sent him to hyde park corner to see what oclock it was.
the next morning the troughs are emptied--if anything remains in them--into the big kettle where the feed is mixed for the morning feeding.
these considerations, however, are taking us away from psychology, to which we must now return.
and every time that a thought of it assailed him--a tender memory, a trace of a tear--he rose up, cursing with rage, and pounded it down.
thus they circle until they fall upon the recent trail of a fox, for a wise hound will forsake every thing else for this.
on note character of one wall hangs a card with the legend: decorations selected four things come not back: the spoken word the sped arrow the past life the neglected opportunity.
you will perceive that i demand something which no augustan nor elizabethan age, which no culture, in short, can give.
everything went, during the strike, and the packers paid.
in the stillness of your hazy half-consciousness they speak; when you bend your attention to listen, they are gone, and only the tumults and the tinklings remain.
said i. i wish, resumed my wife, after a long silence, that i could have gone down into the country for a whole year, and lived with agnes!
when we try to look into ourselves we always seem to come upon some particular thought or feeling, and not upon the 'i' which has the thought or feeling.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
george, or lemuel, or alexander--whatever the name may be--has no easy job.
if you live in his home and know him, you know, perhaps, what his power with a weak, vain girl might be.
through the grating jurgis could see some one sitting in a chair; and as he came into the room the person started up, and he saw that it was little stanislovas.
but the laws are different: in a dream you may be transported from one place to another in a moment, or one person may turn into another under your eyes.
mr. micawber folded his arms in a resolute manner, as if he were then stationed on the figure-head.
there is no question here (it may be said) about restricting individuality, or impeding the trial of new and original experiments in living.
its a place that has an ancient monopoly in suits about peoples wills and peoples marriages, and disputes among ships and boats.
(sun on a sweeping wing in flight has the quality of sun on a ripple.)
the surface of the earth is soft and impressible by the feet of men; and so with the paths which the mind travels.
uneducated people who go abroad for the first time are so surprised as to be incredulous when they find their native language not understood.
this boy had not come to his decision in a moment.
'unsupported bodies in air fall' is a general rule to which balloons and aeroplanes are exceptions.
i am sorry to observe that you have lost your husband.
which i meantersay as sech if youre a man, come on!
am i not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself?
on the contrary, mr. copperfield used--or i am much mistaken--to have a great admiration for her.
an ideal thing will be one whose states at all times are ideal.
habit is a characteristic of the body at least as much as of the mind.
he had a womans delicacy of feature, and wasas you may see, though you never saw her, said herbert to meexactly like his mother.
its office helpers were all known to the army by quaint titles--inky ike, the bald-headed man, the redheaded girl, the bulldog, the office goat, and the one hoss.
the fish were small and bony, and the potatoes were a little burnt.
if theres anything to add up, besides, i dont know when i shall make it out; and my bad boy will look so miserable all the time.
the greater part of the world has, properly speaking, no history, because the despotism of custom is complete.
they might trust him, he would keep his word, come what might.
jurgis had been listening in perplexity.
one fair evening, when dora was not inclined to go out, my aunt and i strolled up to the doctors cottage.
the sand, the sea-weed, and the flakes of foam, were driving by; and i was obliged to call for assistance before i could shut the gate again, and make it fast against the wind.
make an outline of the article in which you will list the various events in goldsmith's life.
he found ona in a faint and the babies screaming, and the whole house in an uproar--for it had been believed by all that he had gone to murder the agent.
when i had shown this to herbert and had put it in the firebut not before we had both got it by heartwe considered what to do.
i can do it better by this light than by a stronger, for my hand is steadiest when i dont see the poor blistered patches too distinctly.you dont think your breathing is affected, my dear boy?
or is it merely because it is unskilled labor?
a street sweeper walking in upon the world council of scholars!
here, he skipped from his right leg on to his left.
i am too much the creature of my time for that.
so the crooked courses will become crookeder, at any moment, for the least reason, or for none.
it comes on apace; my sumachs and sweet-briers tremble.eh, mr.
the acquisition of caution is equally necessary and equally difficult in both directions.
the irish problem as it is reflected in this country is not always clearly understood.
in germany, where its vote was more than a third of the total vote of the empire, all other parties and powers had united to fight it.
why, see what a letter you wrote last night!
failure of some eminent philosophers to receive recognition has been due to their lack of a comprehensive controlling purpose, to their restricting attention to the subject alone regardless of the reader.
unless i deceive myself, mr. traddles, pursued mr. micawber, what i contemplate is a disclosure of an important nature.
these two ladies now emerged from their retirement, and proposed to take dora to live at putney.
it was not at all expressed to me that he even comprehended my intention, for he gave me a look that i did not understand, and it all passed in a moment.
if a further remedy is sought, it might be found in the establishment by custom of a holiday on some other day of the week for those particular classes of persons.
i am extremely sorry, my dear emma, said mr. micawber, relenting, to have been betrayed into any expressions that might, even remotely, have the appearance of being strong expressions.
better for him that his beard had never grown, for the national razor shaved him close.
miss havisham had sent for me, to see if she could take a fancy to me.
they always seemed to understand, and answered pleasant.
he lasted until the finals this time and then was put out.
accordingly these three are the immediate bases of delictal liability.
humility like darkness reveals the heavenly lights.
likewise, it seems to me that, concentrating our attention on the examination, we altogether overlook one of the best points of the animal.
the agent was most polite, and explained that that was the usual formula; that it was always arranged that the property should be merely rented.
nor giv no one the office to follow you?
no face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth.
i think all verification is ultimately of the above sort.
when a persons umble, you know, whats an apology?
i hardly ever take breakfast, sir, he replied, with his head thrown back in an easy-chair.
this is your bedroom; the furnitures hired for the occasion, but i trust it will answer the purpose; if you should want anything, ill go and fetch it.
the american literary artist has written about everything under the skies except what matters most in his own life.
trotwood, said mr. dick, with an air of mystery, after imparting this confidence to me, one wednesday; whos the man that hides near our house and frightens her?
its in the lining of the mattress, charley.
dr. jonnesco's reputation in itself assured him the fullest opportunity of demonstrating his method in new york, and this six-year-old boy had been selected as an excellent test subject.
he sat down on a chair that stood before the fire, and covered his forehead with his large brown veinous hands.
in baedeker's guide-book the aim is largely to satisfy the understanding, to meet the reader's desire for compact information.
i have always taken an annual present into account.
and in his last breath reproached me for stooping to a boor!
dogs often have passive understanding of some words, but not active understanding, since they cannot use words.
thus the problem of the meaning of words is brought into connection with the problem of the meaning of images.
stated in logical terms, this amounts to saying that, when we know a many-one relation of a to b, b is dependent upon a in respect of this relation.
he could hear me when i moved and cronched the snow with my feet, but could not plainly see me.
there is such a change at home, said she, that you would scarcely know the dear old house.
but what is really believed is that god exists, which is very far from being simple.
sometimes, at long intervals and on rare occasions, i saw her.
mr. barsad, now in the employ of the republican french government, was formerly in the employ of the aristocratic english government, the enemy of france and freedom.
jacques three demanded how he afterwards recognised him then?
he had no money for carfare, but it was harvest-time, and they walked one day and worked the next; and so adams got at last to chicago, and joined the socialist party.
they looked in the pond and at the flowers, and improved their time.
short words, moreover, are preferred to long ones.
does any one of the three seem to claim completeness?
i tried to collect my thoughts, but i was stunned.
whom defarge escorted to the top of the stairs, and, leaving seated there, returned.
the men were at the mercy of the cattle.
and it was bitter cold, and a foot of snow on the ground.
with this possibility, we are brought back to causal laws, and to the suggestion that many things which seem essentially mental are really neural.
if this happens, you will believe that you feel sincere sympathy, but you will suddenly be much more delighted than before with the beauties of tropical islands or the wonders of chinese art.
the old southern city has become a soft-coal factory center.
said i. ye-yes, i should say they were, on the whole, resigned to it, said traddles, doubtfully.
whenever i fell asleep, i awoke with the notion i had had in the sluice-house, that a long time had elapsed and the opportunity to save him was gone.
if, for example, an author is preparing an article for an agricultural journal, he must have in his mind's eye an average farmer and this farmer's family.
the man or woman with a specialty has a superior equipment for writing.
she led a hard life, and somewhat inhumane.
this kind of writing is essentially the writing of our business.
two theories arose in the seventeenth century.
we were very grave; and when we came to a stray seal, or pencil-case, or ring, or any little article of that kind which we associated personally with him, we spoke very low.
the problem as to whether memory can be explained as habit or association requires to be considered afresh in connection with the causes of our remembering something.
i feel no disposition to be satirical, when the trappers coat emits the odor of musquash even; it is a sweeter scent to me than that which commonly exhales from the merchants or the scholars garments.
butler's indifference to the disposal of his earthly part betokens no contempt for fame.
it is this hypothetical construction, with its reconciliation of psychology and physics, which is the chief outcome of our discussion.
agnes and i parted from him aboard-ship, when he sailed; and we shall never part from him more, on earth.
italy has nothing like it, nor america.
but these solemn lessons which succeeded those, i remember as the death-blow of my peace, and a grievous daily drudgery and misery.
my dear; and he stopped and turned to me: would you like to see your-- no, father, minnie interposed.
in the same moment i saw her running at me, shrieking, with a whirl of fire blazing all about her, and soaring at least as many feet above her head as she was high.
a patch of colour is certainly not knowledge, and therefore we cannot say that pure sensation is cognitive.
he already asks himself, has he sacrificed me?
and afterwards we would fall into a dead silence, and i would sit impatiently thinking with what an unusual amount of noise the oars worked in the thowels.
there was a machine which stamped out the iron plates, and then another which, with a mighty thud, mashed them to the shape of the sitting-down portion of the american farmer.
have you considered anything, mr. copperfield?
if i suggested any improvement in his mode of life, he merely answered, without expressing any regret, that it was too late.
here is a chicken had round from the boar, here is a tongue had round from the boar, heres one or two little things had round from the boar, that i hope you may not despise.
what we see on any one occasion is not the whole series of particulars that make up jones, but only one of them (or a few in quick succession).
they began to think of the end of law not as a maximum of self-assertion, but as a maximum satisfaction of wants.
when he lay down on his straw bed, he thought he had done with this world.
thatll do, molly, said mr. jaggers, giving her a slight nod; you have been admired, and can go.
i think i shall be out of this on monday, sir, he said to wemmick.
referred to this standard, speech is for the convenience of those who are hard of hearing; but there are many fine things which we cannot say if we have to shout.
said i. drat that boy, interposed my sister, frowning at me over her work, what a questioner he is.
mrs. chillip, he proceeded, in the calmest and slowest manner, quite electrified me, by pointing out that mr. murdstone sets up an image of himself, and calls it the divine nature.
there is not any superfine brand of knowledge, obtainable by the philosopher, which can give us a standpoint from which to criticise the whole of the knowledge of daily life.
whether all such transactions should be enforced against him or only some, and if the latter, which, are questions belonging to an affirmative rather than to a negative science of law.
the mind needs feeding as well as the body.
reconciling narrow religious training with the increased knowledge derived from college.
out of the open country, in again among ruinous buildings, solitary farms, dye-works, tanneries, and the like, cottages in twos and threes, avenues of leafless trees.
if the mere co-existence of the content and the belief-feeling sufficed, whenever we were having (say) a memory-feeling we should be remembering any proposition which came into our minds at the same time.
when we stood in the daylight alone again, joe backed up against a wall, and said to me, astonishing!
on the present festive occasion he emerged from his room, when the blithe bells were going, the picture of misery, in a full suit of sunday penitentials.
he would have looked to uriah, i believe, before replying, if that worthy had not anticipated him.
although browning will not talk of himself or of his career as an inventor, he can't help talking when the conversation is turned on guns.
it would be better if there were but one inhabitant to a square mile, as where i live.
thus there will be just one perfectly definite velocity with which all motions must take place: no motion can be faster than this, and no motion can be slower.
***** i am weary, weary, weary--worn down by misery.
if any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by the applicable state law.
i don't care about fortune: she is a charming creature, and i have made up my mind to please myself: on the whole, i think i can afford to please myself.
i was almost tempted that evening to tell steerforth about pretty little emly, but i was too timid of mentioning her name, and too much afraid of his laughing at me.
if there were, we should find zeno's paradoxes, in some form, unavoidable, as will appear in our next lecture.
there are only six groups or families of oriental rugs, and less than fifty common kinds.
ain't he a daisy, though--blue ribbon at the new york show--eighty-five hundred at a clip!
we have broken the law, but we have never doubted it.
science tells us that this quality is a certain sort of wave-motion, and this sounds familiar, because we think of wave-motions in the space we see.
there was a murmur of confidence and approval, and then the man who hungered, asked: is this rustic to be sent back soon?
i bought the house only three days ago, and there was nobody here, and they told me it was all new.
the cartridge consists of a strong steel cylinder, made in various sizes.
what recommends commerce to me is its enterprise and bravery.
it is by a mathematical point only that we are wise, as the sailor or the fugitive slave keeps the polestar in his eye; but that is sufficient guidance for all our life.
the sensation was like being touched in the marrow with some pungent and searching acid, it set my very teeth on edge.
it would be ungenerous to affect not to know that your self-denial is to be referred to your consideration for her father.
it damped my new-born ardour, to find that ardour so difficult of communication to her.
at, repeated mr. jaggers, still looking at the ceiling, therateof?
i was debating whether i should pretend that i was not well, and fly--i dont know where--upon my gallant grey, when dora and miss mills met me.
it was admitted in anglo-american legal thinking that courts must interpret in order to apply.
edward, said miss murdstone, again, let there be an end of this.
but this difference is less suitable for definition than the difference as to causes.
the distinction between images and sensations is, therefore, by no means always obvious to inspection.
another common case was where one who held another's property for some temporary purpose promised to return it.
the wild wood covers the virgin mould,and the same soil is good for men and for trees.
the answer to a feeling cannot be a logical argument, but nevertheless the answer in this case is not without importance.
this example is given by leibniz to prove that there can be no infinite numbers.
each of the sisters leaned a little forward to speak, shook her head after speaking, and became upright again when silent.
i saw a little apothecary there--surgeon, or whatever he is--who brought your worship into the world.
each section must be less than the whole.
few of the patients know how to perform any kind of labor when they enter the colony, but many of them learn rapidly.
here are three lumps of bread-and-cheese towards your matrimonial picnic, darnay!
because ill never cry for you again, said i.
we found her, in her spectacles, sitting by the fire.
i do not show the soldiers that i recognise the tall man; he does not show the soldiers that he recognises me; we do it, and we know it, with our eyes.
the wind had quite gone down, and nothing moved.
i know that most men think differently from myself; but those whose lives are by profession devoted to the study of these or kindred subjects content me as little as any.
we swept on, and i felt that i was highly obnoxious to camilla.
this method seeks, then, to place a work, whether of art or science or industry, in its place in the whole course of development of such ideas.
he knew himself by no other name than one hundred and five, north tower, when he made shoes under my care.
i didn't know then, of course, what it was that made him different, but afterward, when my knowledge of the world and its people grew, i realized that it was his natural refinement.
at once the whole plain was alive with the hum of the great assault.
to each is his vision, according to his experience.
whatever you can do, therefore, to make it easy will be worth while in gaining success.
and then jurgis went limp, and caught himself on the ladder.
in about a month after that, the spiders time with mr. pocket was up for good, and, to the great relief of all the house but mrs. pocket, he went home to the family hole.
he showed them the sink in the kitchen, with running water and a faucet, something which teta elzbieta had never in her wildest dreams hoped to possess.
plato's 'theory of ideas' is an attempt to solve this very problem, and in my opinion it is one of the most successful attempts hitherto made.
mr. wilson's war messages showed a combination of the lines of greatest advantage and of least resistance with the nature of the historical events.
when the majority shall at length vote for the abolition of slavery, it will be because they are indifferent to slavery, or because there is but little slavery left to be abolished by their vote.
this is at the rate of eight to eleven dollars a week for wages.
now, the sun was full up, and movement began in the village.
for the present we had enough to do, in taking leave of all our friends.
that was another thing, grandmother majauszkiene interrupted herself--this house was unlucky.
their sacrifices in the beginning, their three hundred dollars that they had scraped together, all they owned in the world, all that stood between them and starvation!
after stooping to put the bottle on the ground, he looked up at the windows, and looked about; though with a covert and impatient air, as if he was anxious to be gone.
i know that i was filled with pleasure by all this; but, at first, with an indescribably sensitive pleasure, that a very little would have changed to pain.
no longer can we pretend that our lack of distinction is due to immaturity.
i confess that i began to despair of her recovery, and gradually to sink deeper and deeper into the belief that she was dead.
it's all i've got, he pleaded, his voice breaking.
the doctrines have no hold on ordinary believers--are not a power in their minds.
mr. and mrs. pocket had a toady neighbor; a widow lady of that highly sympathetic nature that she agreed with everybody, blessed everybody, and shed smiles and tears on everybody, according to circumstances.
commenting on the beauty of an early summer morning in town, we descend, and passing out under the ponderous ancient archway, we make our leisurely progress westward down the strand.
that my papa was too partial, i well know; but that he was an observer of character in some degree, my duty and my reason equally forbid me to doubt.
a keen observer describes them as quasi-botanical forms angularly treated.
other countries are not asked to recognise such unions, or release any portion of their inhabitants from their own laws on the score of mormonite opinions.
the buck-eye does not grow in new england, and the mocking-bird is rarely heard here.
it may be given to a savage who retains in secret his own wild title earned in the woods.
therefore, if it had depended upon me to touch the prevailing chord among them with any skill, i should have made a poor hand of it.
then, betsey had to look about her, for a new investment.
taking note of the wasted air which clouded the naturally handsome features, and having the expression of prisoners' faces fresh in his mind, he was strongly reminded of that expression.
suppose a person has frequently experienced a and b in close temporal contiguity, an association will be established, so that a, or an image of a, tends to cause an image of b.
steerforth was considerate, too; and showed his consideration, in one particular instance, in an unflinching manner that was a little tantalizing, i suspect, to poor traddles and the rest.
when i was younger, i had had a general belief that if he had jiggered me personally, he would have done it with a sharp and twisted hook.
if this were necessary, no prediction would be possible, since it would be impossible to make the height exactly the same on two occasions.
his little failings would only have endeared him to you the more.
observed mr. lorry, beamingly adjusting his little wig, that seems probable, too.
there is an incessant influx of novelty into the world, and yet we tolerate incredible dulness.
he was to remain shut up in the chambers while i was gone, and was on no account to open the door.
when she was quite herself again, and was curling jips ears, as he lay upon her lap, i became grave, and said: my own!
i like sometimes to take rank hold on life and spend my day more as the animals do.
first, there was the educational effect of their previous legislative campaign to build on.
in certain directions the law has been verified empirically, and in other directions there is no positive evidence against it.
i showed her to a nicety where i had seen her walking on the casks, that first old day, and she said, with a cold and careless look in that direction, did i?
oh, trot, i seemed to hear my aunt say once more; and i understood her better now--blind, blind, blind!
i have begun to fear, remotely, that the day may never shine, when i shall see my child-wife running in the sunlight with her old friend jip.
--at saint alphage, canterbury, observed mrs. markleham.
when i would recreate myself, i seek the darkest wood, the thickest and most interminable and, to the citizen, most dismal, swamp.
i took the little baby in my arms when it was awake, and nursed it lovingly.
however, now we have got her safe at our house, and got rid of him, we must cheer her up again.
im astonished at that, master copperfield, you being usually so quick!
do you know where mr. traddles lives in the inn?
on the other side of the page set down what your city customer pays you.
they are won to the job lady's point of view by a statement of the increased opportunity open to the child who is sixteen.
--and if it does come, while we live to see it triumph--i hope, for her sake, destiny will keep her husband out of france.
criticize the statement that what young people need is industrial education, something to teach them how to earn a living.
except for the institution of community property between husband and wife in civil-law countries, or as it is called the matrimonial property regime, there is practically nothing left of the old system of recognized group interests.
the desire to prove this is a form of self-assertion and, like all self-assertion, it is an obstacle to the growth of self which it desires, and of which the self knows that it is capable.
occasionally the two together make a continuous statement.
it would be useless to try for fancy prices if i brought honey to town in mean-looking cases or rusty cans.
i might have thought it was all lies together, only as the birds names come out true, i supposed mine did.
i am but this moment quit of mr. maldon, said his master.
if he has prepared an article that depends on timeliness for its interest, he cannot afford to send it to an editor who normally takes three or four weeks to make a decision.
you are very lonely when you go downstairs, now?
figure this to yourself, citizen; he shaved the sixty-three to-day, in less than two pipes!
she remains upright as she has been since righting herself after the first inrush of water.
theres something wrong, said he, without stopping, up at your place, pip.
to do away with this opposition, the mosquito man handled his campaign in a popular manner.
he was mortally jealous of me, and persisted in barking at me.
as an account of our actual mental processes, this is no doubt largely true.
the crack was wide while dede antanas was hunting a job--and it was yet wider when he finally got it.
but an exceptional class of property is recognized which is called self-acquired property.
definite action beyond indorsement the girls did not ask or expect.
i feel a particular interest in being acquainted with it.
there were days once, i know, that i did for a while forget; but i never shall forget these.
elwes' translation of the two last in bohn's libraries must be used with caution.
by applying this test, it appears that many propositions which might seem to be concerned with particulars are really concerned only with universals.
i thought it a strange thing then, and i thought it a stranger thing long afterwards.
after he had concluded that repast the medical superintendent showed him about the place, but did not encourage him to talk about his symptoms.
he shook as if he would have fallen; and his hand--i touched it with my own, for his appearance alarmed me--was deadly cold.
and i am afraid i laughed in the great man's face.
and so quick were my thoughts, that i saw myself despised by unborn generations,estellas children, and their children,while the wretchs words were yet on his lips.
no veiled future dimly glanced upon him in the moonbeams.
but if in his travels he came across a herd of wild cows, he would have to declare that they were not cows at all, because no cattle-merchant could sell them.
nothing was too trivial for the hindoo lawgiver, however offensive it may be to modern taste.
and when youre well enough to go out for a ridewhat larks!
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
what did he mean by talking about favourites, then?
i think i shall not buy greedily, but go round and round it as long as i live, and be buried in it first, that it may please me the more at last.
we begin to close in upon em about dusk.
we used for it the copper wires which we found here under the ground.
two gaolers, who had been standing there, went out, and the prisoner was brought in, and put to the bar.
murdstone and grinbys trade was among a good many kinds of people, but an important branch of it was the supply of wines and spirits to certain packet ships.
if you would like to call, i am sure papa would be happy to see you.
the interview lasted but a few minutes, and she gave me a guinea when i was going, and told me to come again on my next birthday.
i told him, and he was attentive until i had finished, and then burst out laughing again, and asked me if i was sore afterwards?
presently we saw other torches kindled at some distance behind us, and others on the marshes on the opposite bank of the river.
they seemed to epitomize not merely a nation, not merely a flag, but the unbreakable sanctity of human rights and human life.
you will pardon some obscurities, for there are more secrets in my trade than in most mens, and yet not voluntarily kept, but inseparable from its very nature.
the ground for thus limiting his power of voluntarily disposing of his own lot in life, is apparent, and is very clearly seen in this extreme case.
so the doctor persisted in making the engagement for her, and mr. jack maldon was to come back to dinner.
i am glad you like him, sir, said ibut i dont.
i am far from happy, miss havisham; but i have other causes of disquiet than any you know of.
both these views, in most of those who have held them, are the product of theory rather than observation, for observation requires effort, whereas repeating phrases does not.
they had no idle thoughts, and no one without could see their work, for their industry was not as in knots and excrescences embayed.
so entirely had it lost the life and resonance of the human voice, that it affected the senses like a once beautiful colour faded away into a poor weak stain.
--mentioned to doctor strong, he proceeded, that anyone may see that mr. maldon, and the lovely and agreeable lady as is doctor strongs wife, are too sweet on one another.
those who have a relatively direct vision of facts are often incapable of translating their vision into words, while those who possess the words have usually lost the vision.
it is only because the bay horse and the dun cow taken together are not a new thing that we can escape the conclusion that there are three things wherever there are two.
it is the lighting up of the mist by the sun.
did you ever see a counterfeit of timidity, mr. lorry?
to arrive at the meaning of the image in such a case, we observe that there are certain respects, notably associations, in which the effects of images resemble those of their prototypes.
butler appears to have hated his father, despised his mother and loathed his sisters in all truth and sincerity.
anyway, its an uncertain state of matters, you see.
such a marriage would irretrievably blight my sons career, and ruin his prospects.
in this citizenship of the universe consists man's true freedom, and his liberation from the thraldom of narrow hopes and fears.
her handsome dress had trailed upon the ground.
traddles and sophy, and doctor and mrs. strong, were the only guests at our quiet wedding.
would anyone believe that when toms wife died, he actually could not be induced to see the importance of the childrens having the deepest of trimmings to their mourning?
he was the sort of man the bosses like to get hold of, the sort they make it a grievance they cannot get hold of.
again i thanked him and apologized, and again he said in the cheerfullest manner, not at all, i am sure!
but there i always found her, the same bright housewife; often humming her devonshire ballads when no strange foot was coming up the stairs, and blunting the sharp boy in his official closet with melody.
i tumble down before i get to the old place, at a point where i was all right before, and stop to think.
no; for he seriously intended never to marry at all--until he met me.
no man with a genius for legislation has appeared in america.
a good instrument, or a person with much knowledge, will give different responses to stimuli which differ in relevant ways.
he 'opens doors and windows,' shakes out a mind that has long lain in the creases of prejudice.
i never wish to meet a better genlman for turning to with a will.
a curious labyrinthine discussion it was, winding from recriminations and flat admissions that our marriage was a failure and our love was dead, to the most poignant memories of our engagement days.
just how things happened after that marija was not sure, but that afternoon the forelady told her that her services would not be any longer required.
i would have found it so before nibbie came.
rendered complete by drab pantaloons and a buff waistcoat, i thought mr. barkis a phenomenon of respectability.
the copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern what you can do with this work.
i'll let you know, if you don't bring smelling-salts, cold water, and vinegar, quick, i will.
it wore itself out, and wore him out with it, until the bank closed.
all of whom i met in the street, talking loud in your praise, returned steerforth.
for, i tell you, here he addressed his wife once more, i won't be gone agin, in this manner.
he is the least suspicious of mankind; and whether thats a merit, or whether its a blemish, it deserves consideration in all dealings with the doctor, great or small.
a score or so of years ago, that woman was tried at the old bailey for murder, and was acquitted.
all of these, except trespass on lands, trespass upon possession of chattels and conversion, are cases of intentional injury.
by good fortune she had a veil on her bonnet, or she could hardly have gone along the streets without being stopped.
only in the corner where the combat had taken place could i detect any evidence of the young gentlemans existence.
lowell was so heartily cosmopolitan that american newspapers accused him of anglomania--which proves their provincialism but acquits him.
at present, and until something turns up (which i am, i may say, hourly expecting), i have nothing to bestow but advice.
it requires an effort of thought to recall that in their homely presence we are endangered.
there are four grown people in the family.
i hope and do not doubt it will be agreeable to see him, even though a gentleman, for you had ever a good heart, and he is a worthy, worthy man.
[illustration] but unless i had taken the life of trabbs boy on that occasion, i really do not even now see what i could have done save endure.
and to this cause, probably, it is chiefly owing that christianity now makes so little progress in extending its domain, and after eighteen centuries, is still nearly confined to europeans and the descendants of europeans.
you had better come and dine with us somewhere.
i long ago lost a hound, a bay horse, and a turtle-dove, and am still on their trail.
lookee here, pip, at what is said to you by a true friend.
mrs. micawber and the two elder members of the family i now found to be provided with similar formidable instruments, while every child had its own wooden spoon attached to its body by a strong line.
all around outside, too, it beat the walls with a deep, hoarse roar, from which, occasionally, some partial shouts of tumult broke and leaped into the air like spray.
into every life a large measure of chance enters.
i call her mine, you see, master copperfield.
i was not the man to touch the commons, and bring down the country.
the way the problem arose for plato was more or less as follows.
yet in our alertest moment the depths of the soul are still dreaming; the real world stands drawn in bare outline against a background of chaos and unrest.
the sea, however, is said to be blue one day and green another without any perceptible change in the atmosphere.
as a matter of course, they fawned upon me in my prosperity with the basest meanness.
the cart before the horse is neither beautiful nor useful.
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
fifteen years ago he was professor of english and had strong literary ambitions, with no little promise.
words and phrases that are peculiar to the bible or to the church service carry with them mental images and emotions connected with religious worship.
social utilitarians would say, weigh the several interests in terms of the end of law.
there is also a universal government bulletin, in which are listed and precisely described everything which the commonwealth has for sale.
he was just out of the hospital--but the story was worn threadbare, and how could he prove it?
it was between ten and eleven oclock when mrs. micawber rose to replace her cap in the whitey-brown paper parcel, and to put on her bonnet.
miss trotwood was good enough to mention that she had a nephew who was her peculiar care, and for whom she was seeking to provide genteelly in life.
so we all did: traddles evidently lost in wondering at what distant time mr. micawber and i could have been comrades in the battle of the world.
such beings as we are imagining would not have to wait for the event in order to know what decision they were going to adopt on some future occasion.
they would no sooner escape, as by a miracle, from one difficulty, than a new one would come into view.
a similar tone of sentiment might by this time have been prevalent in our own country, if the circumstances which for a time encouraged it, had continued unaltered.
he needed no persuasion, and was soon asleep.
the curate didn't have an opportunity to look at him very long because he felt it was his duty to hurry back to make a report to me.
and his saving grace of humor enables him to enjoy and poke fun at the folly of the tuft-hunter and the collector of royal cherry stones.
his employer had given him a problem to solve--and he couldn't do it.
these ice-cutters are a merry race, full of jest and sport, and when i went among them they were wont to invite me to saw pit-fashion with them, i standing underneath.
what i wish is, to be perfectly business-like, and perfectly punctual.
the truckmen were hard at work, loading the freshly packed boxes and barrels upon the cars.
it is the first far premonition of the noon train; i pause and watch long for the next sign.
if youll be so good as give me your keys, my dear, ill attend to all this sort of thing in future.
we live in a numble abode, master copperfield, but have much to be thankful for.
no, said the other, it will not be worth your while to wait--there will be nothing for you here.
the bad mower, eager and full of pain, leans forward and tries to force the scythe through the grass.
she persuaded between twenty-five and thirty per cent.
how the time wears, i know not; until i am recalled by my child-wifes old companion.
why does it not cherish its wise minority?
(you liked your bit of game, didnt you?)
another happy evening, quite as unreal as all the rest of it, and i steal into the usual room before going away.
memories have a diminishing self-evidence as they become remoter and fainter; the truths of logic and mathematics have (broadly speaking) less self-evidence as they become more complicated.
the fallibility of introspection as regards what we desire is made evident by psycho-analysis; its fallibility as to what we know is easily demonstrated.
we look ahead, we beg our heart for guidance in answering this call no voice has spoken, yet we have heard.
but the house was not deserted, and the best parlor seemed to be in use, for there were white curtains fluttering in its window, and the window was open and gay with flowers.
citizen evremonde, she said, touching him with her cold hand.
spud saw the point and left; but carl, instead of giving me the thanks i deserved, gave me the first scolding of our married life!
she managed our whole domestic life, and wonderfully too; but i did not mean that, though that made what i did mean more surprising.
one day, traddles (who had just come home through the drizzling sleet from court) took a paper out of his desk, and asked me what i thought of that handwriting?
three tumbrils faring away with their dread loads over the hushing snow.
if it had lasted any longer, i think i must have gone down on my knees on the gravel, with the probability before me of grazing them, and of being presently ejected from the premises besides.
pray, said i, as the two odious casts with the twitchy leer upon them caught my sight again, whose likenesses are those?
the kid spent all the money we give her.
sometimes a rambler in the wood was attracted by the sound of my axe, and we chatted pleasantly over the chips which i had made.
i had endeavoured to adapt dora to myself, and found it impracticable.
they had something of the sort of pleasure in us, i suppose, that they might have had in a pretty toy, or a pocket model of the colosseum.
i've been in--in trouble--and my money is gone.
traddles and i laying our heads together apart, while mr. dick anxiously watched us from his chair, we concocted a scheme in virtue of which we got him to work next day, with triumphant success.
come 'long like a good feller--don't be haughty!
it requires so much closer attention to the habits of the birds, that, if for that reason only, i have been willing to omit the gun.
or else it looked as if it had gradually decomposed into that nightmare condition, out of the overflowings of the polluted stream.
it must be admitted that the same may be said of many other philosophies, and that a desire for the kind of knowledge which philosophy really can give is very rare.
this having been administered at a neighbouring public-house, he conducted me, with tottering steps, to the misses spenlows door.
after that she learned to weep silently--their moods so seldom came together now!
from first to last, almost alone in that discordant time, he seems to have heard far-off resolving harmonies, and to have been rapt away with foreknowledge.
the consideration that philosophy, if there is such a study, must consist of propositions which could not occur in the other sciences, is one which has very far-reaching consequences.
i am bound to say that she has never done much for me, and that i have no particular wish upon the subject.
tell me about yourself, jurgis, she said, suddenly.
a mans ignorance sometimes is not only useful, but beautifulwhile his knowledge, so called, is oftentimes worse than useless, besides being ugly.
it was impossible for me to avoid seeing that she cared to attract me; that she made herself winning, and would have won me even if the task had needed pains.
pardon, monseigneur; he swung by the chain of the shoe--the drag.
her husband smoked at his door, looking after her with admiration.
if we mean merely being apprehended by the mind.
master copperfield, he began--but am i keeping you up?
typically administrative treatment of a situation is a disposition of it as a unique occurrence, an individualization whereby effect is given to its special rather than to its general features.
it has studied and it has experimented until it has produced in the sleeping car of to-day what is probably the most efficient railroad vehicle in the world.
wondering if the other person knows more.
they meant by an idea approximately what we should call an image.
miss dartle glanced at me, as though she would inquire if there were anything that i desired to ask.
but i know him no better now, than i did before i could speak plainly.
i take off my ring, i wear my worst clothes, i use no bears grease, and i frequently lament over the late miss larkinss faded flower.
i know shes a naughty, mischief-making old thing!
options under seal are held open in equity on the basis of the seal alone.
it seems to us, said she, prudent, mr. traddles, to bring these feelings to the test of our own observation.
the women who have been assigned to work the soil live in the homes of the peasants beyond the city.
that jurgis did not starve to death was due solely to the pittance the children brought him.
i went on, by passing the wine faster and faster yet, and continually starting up with a corkscrew to open more wine, long before any was needed.
they were very fond of one another: that was certain.
sense-data, as we have already seen, are among the things with which we are acquainted; in fact, they supply the most obvious and striking example of knowledge by acquaintance.
'nevertheless, doctor, my sister married.
no harm is done if there are such common properties as language assumes, since we do not deny them, but merely abstain from asserting them.
when a motorcycle was bought for the garage, drivers were forbidden to tamper with machinery on the road--they telephoned in to the superintendent.
ill try, said martha, if youll help me away.
i missed it somehow in a bad apprenticeship, and now dont care about it.---you know i have bought a boat down here?
it was a long way for him, said i, for he had nothing to uphold him on the journey.
but even from this last refuge, if philosophy is not to remain a set of pleasing dreams, this belief must be driven forth.
this is probably better than stall-fed beef and slaughterhouse pork to make a man of.
at last, me and compeyson was both committed for felony,on a charge of putting stolen notes in circulation,and there was other charges behind.
those who had brought us departed, leaving us to the two judges who stood in a corner of the room.
it was the incident of every day, and the society of la force were engaged in the preparation of some games of forfeits and a little concert, for that evening.
on two points a moral record which, in his literature, is everywhere sound and stainless, rises almost to nobility.
so is all change for the better, like birth and death which convulse the body.
my dear biddy, they do very well here o!
she put aside her work, as she was used to do when we were seriously discussing anything; and gave me her whole attention.
such also is the belief in other people's minds: this belief is obviously derivative from our perception of their bodies, and is felt to demand logical justification as soon as we become aware of its derivativeness.
let us go out and take a stroll, where we can be quiet and talk some.
some of the officers were rather elderly and wore horn spectacles.
we knew the distinguishing marks of each vessel.
there were ehrenbreitstein and rolandseck and coblentz, which i knew only in history.
i cherish them, i hoe them, early and late i have an eye to them; and this is my days work.
he will arrange the material for the greatest advantage to himself and the least resistance from the reader.
what's the use of talking about it--i'll stay here till i die, i guess.
it is the uncivilized free and wild thinking in hamlet and the iliad, in all the scriptures and mythologies, not learned in the schools, that delights us.
right for all that, said mr. peggotty, stopping in his roar, and smiting his hands together; fur here she is!
oh, the thin broad slice, with just its fringe of consistent fat!
man cannot know in any higher sense than this, any more than he can look serenely and with impunity in the face of the sun: ??
and then fell to pulling off, not only his jacket and waistcoat, but his shirt too, in a manner at once light-hearted, business-like, and bloodthirsty.
suddenly they stopped again, paused, struck out the time afresh, formed into lines the width of the public way, and, with their heads low down and their hands high up, swooped screaming off.
at last, after several hours, when sundry summer-houses had been pulled down, and some area-railings had been torn up, to arm the more belligerent spirits, a rumour got about that the guards were coming.
that is to say, they are not laws of physics, but only part of the intellectual apparatus which we have manufactured for manipulating physics.
the last few drops of liquor he poured into the palm of his hand, and licked up.
and a moment later came a voice from downstairs: you might as well quit, you people.
laughed steerforth, shaking my hand heartily, and throwing it gaily away.
by good fortune, too, she was naturally so peculiar in appearance as not to show disfigurement like any other woman.
in modern times, however, a periodical redistribution, as in antiquity, is economically inadmissible.
personality sketches are almost always narrative and descriptive.
available for both, he said, placing these against the wall.
if his object in singling out drummle were to bring him out still more, it perfectly succeeded.
all knowledge that something exists must be in part dependent on experience.
i have looked at her from my prison-window, when i could not bear her light.
by permission of the publishers, e. p. dutton & co., new york city.
your conduct has always been of the most delicate and obliging description.
mr. quinion suggests that it gives employment to some other boys, and that he sees no reason why it shouldnt, on the same terms, give employment to you.
as soon as he had apologized for the remissness of his memory, he asked me if he should send boots for mr. pumblechook?
whereas i now found barnard to be a disembodied spirit, or a fiction, and his inn the dingiest collection of shabby buildings ever squeezed together in a rank corner as a club for tom-cats.
i had advanced in fame and fortune, my domestic joy was perfect, i had been married ten happy years.
as they could not reach me, they had resolved to punish my body; just as boys, if they cannot come at some person against whom they have a spite, will abuse his dog.
imperative mood, present tense: do not thou go home, let him not go home, let us not go home, do not ye or you go home, let not them go home.
but i have never been able to love what was not lovable or hate what was not hateful out of deference for some general principle.
the new line makes a sharp angle with the other line, and we know at once that the tree is only a few rods into the woods.
so she would lie and sob out her grief upon his shoulder, while he gazed at her, as helpless as a wounded animal, the target of unseen enemies.
but he looked again over his shoulder towards the sea-line glimmering afar off, and yet again.
i go and come with a strange liberty in nature, a part of herself.
was not this intimacy with the prisoner, in reality a very slight one, forced upon the prisoner in coaches, inns, and packets?
that is her profession, or one of her professions--writing articles for the press.
the man never trod ground whose virtues and services would have sustained him in that place that day, against such denunciation.
he referred to them, as if she were lying in our presence.
i glanced about me, and saw that the hay and straw were trampled over the floor, as if there had been a struggle.
she was at his elbow when he addressed her, putting a dish upon the table.
he is so much the nearer to the ideal perfection of human nature.
this method is most effective when not only are the wrong interpretations excluded, but the correct idea, interpretation, is positively stated at some point.
the door was then thrown open, and the general population began to come in, in a long file: several waiting outside, while one entered, affixed his signature, and went out.
then i thought of reading--the nice and subtle happiness of reading.
i met him at a retired part of the sands, which i knew he would cross, and turned back with him, that he might have leisure to speak to me if he really wished.
one hastens to southern africa to chase the giraffe; but surely that is not the game he would be after.
one could be downright good if one really wanted to.
the reception of the savannah at liverpool was not particularly cordial.
what are you paid for, children of hell?
like yourself, she is the center of a circle of vague limit and vaguer content, where passes a swift, ceaseless stream of impression through a faintly luminous halo of consciousness.
he could defend many institutions better than any philosopher, because, in describing them as they concerned him, he gave the true reason for their prevalence, and speculation had not suggested to him any other.
a flower of yours, that i may treasure it as a miser does gold.
our subjective certainty is usually a result of habit, and may lead us astray in circumstances which are unusual in ways of which we are unaware.
for the uniting into one main principle is the important thing.
as it is they call to their aid all the strong magic of modern days.
when the idea of the self-sufficiency of law gives way and men seek to relate jurisprudence to the other social sciences, the relation to economics challenges attention at once.
and when this visit is over, said i,--for we may not be alone another time,--how long is it likely to be, my dear agnes, before you come to london again?
i--in short, said mr. micawber, with the same genteel air, and in another burst of confidence--i live there.
your eyes, they said, are not like the eyes of any among men.
there was an expression of contempt on his face, and he bit the side of a great forefinger as he watched the group of faces.
i warn't doing no harm, young jerry protested, rubbing his cheek.
in the back of the cab were broad unglazed windows, through which one could watch the tangle of machinery.
though it's not important, repeated carton, in the same mechanical way--though it's not important--no, it's not important.
it was there, among the hops, when i lay down to sleep; it was with me on my waking in the morning; it went before me all day.
no, said the child, and jurgis gave a start.
they stood before us in their white togas, and they asked: are you ready to speak?
thus it is clear that a true belief is not knowledge when it is deduced from a false belief.
you say nothing of her, remarked miss havisham to me, as she looked on.
we like to get behind the veil with which every one attempts to conceal his innermost thoughts and feelings.
the whole jury, as a jury of dogs empannelled to try the deer.
in such a soil grew homer and confucius and the rest, and out of such a wilderness comes the reformer eating locusts and wild honey.
but the fust was put underneath the door, and this come by the post, day afore yesterday.
i have no softness there, nosympathysentimentnonsense.
i promised traddles that he should hear dora sing, and see some of her flower-painting.
a great wind rises, and the summer is gone in a moment.
if he says yes, and asks you where the ashes are, refer him to wilkins micawber, and he will hear of something not at all to his advantage!
at the same time, i must say that the generosity of her championship of poor harmless mr. dick, not only inspired my young breast with some selfish hope for myself, but warmed it unselfishly towards her.
he worked hard--impatiently--as if in some sense of having been interrupted.
it is the luxurious and dissipated who set the fashions which the herd so diligently follow.
he replied in a most admirable manner, exceedingly flattering to my feelings, and undertook to obtain the consent of mrs. crewler to this arrangement.
i did every wild extravagance that could be done, and was a long way beyond the end of my wits when miss mills came into the room.
speaking with his old friend, the muskrat, last week.... and when you can see red pebbles in the creek at five o'clock in the afternoon....
here we stand, all three, before me now.
what have i to do, to free myself for ever of your visits, but to abandon you to your deserts?
if i could have hoped that steerforth was there, i would have lurked about until he came out alone; but i knew he must have left long since.
plant the common small white bush bean about the first of june, in rows three feet by eighteen inches apart, being careful to select fresh round and unmixed seed.
sydney drank a bumper of the punch he had made, and laughed.
genghis khan, out of china with warriors as numerous as locusts, made a single nation of central asia in the thirteenth century; and tamerlane later made subject farther dominions.
dunlap asserts (to return to james) that the real ground for james's original belief in introspection was his belief in two sorts of objects, namely, thoughts and things.
she said her lady was but poorly, and kept her own room a good deal.
if you have, out with it, afore i take it away!
having done so, come again: we will go off in a corner and talk about mr. belloc.
look among those fragments with care, jacques.
ah, god, the horror of it, the monstrous, hideous, demoniacal wickedness of it!
our habitual knowledge is not always in our minds, but is called up by the appropriate stimuli.
said master freddie; and added fervently: god bless 'em, the little lambs!
the laws of physics, it may be urged, are apparently adequate to explain everything that happens to matter, even when it is matter in a man's brain.
the wonder is rather that there are so many oriental rugs with distinct or fairly constant characteristics.
her graceful figure and her beautiful face expressed a self-possessed indifference to the wild heat of the other, that was almost cruel.
early indian weavers transcribed flowers to rugs as if they were botanists; modern indian weavers are copyists of persian patterns and their copies are plainly not originals.
you know what honour he has always done me.
and while i was occupied with these deliberations, i would fancy an exact resemblance to joe in some man coming along the road towards us, and my heart would beat high.as if he could possibly be there!
theres fame for him, and hes welcome to it.
he lay on his back, with his teeth set, his right hand clenched on his breast, and his glaring eyes looking straight upward.
since you ask me, my love, i reply that i have not.
i have an association between it and a stormy wind, or the lightest mention of a sea-shore, as strong as any of which my mind is conscious.
you are expected on board, said the sergeant to my convict; they know you are coming.
i was roused by the silent presence of my aunt at my bedside.
its a topic that i wouldnt touch upon, to any soul but you.
her eyes met mine for but an instant, yet i saw how much she knew of what had passed.
long nights of drink and dicing weakened a constitution that was already undermined, and the council-table, where once campo santa had presided, was disfigured with the despicable apparatus of bagatelle.
one day soon after the appearance of the chair, miss havisham suddenly saying to me, with the impatient movement of her fingers, there, there, there!
she had no fear of his striking at her with the knife, though they had.
most of us like the idea that we could be desperately wicked if only we let ourselves go.
in the meanwhile, i held my breath and worked.
through the wilderness of apartments on the lower west side a man trails a woman.
i have by no means forgotten it, and a light answer does not help me to forget it.
a man can get used to anything in the course of time, and jurgis had gotten used to lying about the house.
all errors which he is likely to commit against advice and warning, are far outweighed by the evil of allowing others to constrain him to what they deem his good.
commencement the first commencement of the only timeliness brought school conducted in a new york factory.
it may be said that our hypothesis is useless in the case when the blue glass is never touched at all.
not that i mean to say these were special marks of distinction, which only i received.
this argument attempts to prove that, if there are many things, the number of them must be both finite and infinite, which is impossible; hence we are to conclude that there is only one thing.
i wont know your story professionally, for nothing, old lady!
by the light of a street lamp he had caught sight of the lady's face.
[illustration] never too soon, sir, said joe, and never too often, pip!
at length steerforth, becoming gay and talkative in a moment, as he could become anything he liked at any moment, pulled me by the arm: find a voice, david.
i have reason to think that joes intellects were brightened by the encounter they had passed through, and that on our way to pumblechooks he invented a subtle and deep design.
in the mean time, wemmick was diving into his coat-pockets, and getting something out of paper there.
i felt that the pale young gentlemans blood was on my head, and that the law would avenge it.
we resolutely decided to read aloud the evenings the others went to the theater club; and as resolutely we substituted a stiff game of chess for the bridge that we could not afford.
how can the scholar, who dwells away in the north west territory or the isle of man, tell what is parliamentary in the kitchen?
he pushed her aside, and strode to the bedroom door and opened it.
common language is ill adapted to expressing matters of this kind, and philosophers who have been dependent on it have frequently been misled by it.
the thermometer of their hope rose and fell with the rumors of the day.
according to the best journalistic standards, nothing should be printed that will exert a demoralizing or unwholesome influence.
the business atmosphere of the stock exchange.
one or two of the canadian roads, which operate their own sleeping cars, have placed white men as porters; down in the southwest the inevitable mexicano has been placed in the familiar blue uniform.
it is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
a large contributor to the fund was the monastery at kaiser island.
the pen dropped from darnay's fingers on the table, and he looked about him vacantly.
there was nothing very surprising in that; but again, i was rather surprised, when he said, as if he were animated by a brilliant idea, lets go in!
american literature is on the whole idealistic, sweet, delicate, nicely finished.
if by moonlight the mist plays upon the emotions like faint, bewitching music, in sunlight it is scarcely less.
by courtesy of the publishers, boni & liveright.
the ease of comprehension is due largely to employing the method of proceeding from the known to the unknown in that comparison is usually made to things already familiar.
she is dead, perhaps, said miss dartle, with a smile, as if she could have spurned the body of the ruined girl.
le saint indiffrent is a dramatic wight: he loves to refuse your proffered six per cent, when, by a little haggling, he may obtain three-and-a-half.
very often, he has not the least idea of what he wants to do.
why, then, did kant think it impossible that space should be composed of points?
the reader's limited power of rapid comprehension is another reason for brevity.
high-lowbrow: musical comedy, euchre, baseball, moving pictures, small steak medium, whiskey, robert w. chambers, purple socks, chewing gum with friends.
six tumbrils carry the day's wine to la guillotine.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
still, said darnay, you know how gloomy and threatening the sky is.
i believe, said mr. murdstone, with an inclination of his head, that clara would have disputed nothing which myself and my sister jane murdstone were agreed was for the best.
they are more fit for a moralist than for an artist.
and it was from the gifts bestowed upon him towards the execution of this benevolent purpose, that he recruited his finances, as just now observed.
but if he goes in the boat then the great light will go out.
all the world is canceled for the time, except, perched opposite you, another hermit intellect implacably estranged and sinister.
i found a stretch of about three miles of beach lined with well appearing and handsome cottages and not a single place of amusement.
you need not rest your reputation on the dinners you give.
please check the project gutenberg web pages for current donation methods and addresses.
i thus became aware of the mutual relations between them and mr. pocket, which were exemplified in the following manner.
i understood this to mean miss murdstone, and was sensible of the urgency of the case; her room being close by.
in order to explain this, i will first explain two independent ways of classifying relations.
in my front yard grew the strawberry, blackberry, and life-everlasting, johnswort and goldenrod, shrub-oaks and sand-cherry, blueberry and groundnut.
they want him for the lifeboat; no one can take it through the surf but him.
(i beg to observe that i think of myself with amazement, when i recall the lies i told on this occasion.)
when it is the case that if this is true, that is true, we shall say that this 'implies' that, and that that 'follows from' this.
after three days more of recovery, i went down to the old place to put it in execution.
rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
agnes, my dear, you and i can talk about division of it afterwards.
yet they achieved great things in their day.
it was much upon my mind (particularly when i first saw him looking about for his file) that i ought to tell joe the whole truth.
monseigneur was out at a little supper most nights, with fascinating company.
so is the mink, though he moves like a phantom.
i foresaw that, being convicted, his possessions would be forfeited to the crown.
finding that the afternoon coach was gone, and finding that his uneasiness grew into positive alarm, as obstacles came in his way, he resolved to follow in a post-chaise.
so, frequently, the society for the diffusion of useful knowledge treats its cattle.
this is not a very grave offence, for poets live among the stars, and it makes no difference from what point of the earth's surface they set forth on their aerial adventures.
my opinion of those accessories was not favorable.
his answer was not cheering to my spirits, for it consisted of two dismal words, with whopping.
said mr. jaggers, opening his office door.
how could youths better learn to live than by at once trying the experiment of living?
and each day the struggle becomes fiercer, the pace more cruel; each day you have to toil a little harder, and feel the iron hand of circumstance close upon you a little tighter.
he would sit down and listen and stare at him, and give vent to delighted exclamations--palauk!
hes been in hiding about here, this week or over.
nibbie was just a comfortable lapful, once he had duly turned around and curled up with his nose in his tail.
on some hay on the ground, with a cushion thrown under his head, lay a handsome peasant boy--a boy of not more than seventeen at the most.
the doctor looked desolately round the room, shook his head, and answered, in a low voice, not at all.
it will not surprise you, it will not displease you.
the officer looked up from his slip of paper for a moment.
but in fact it held such a theory and held it strongly.
whereas these disinterested donors, instead of receiving checks, gave them, which is more blessed.
i dare say, i went on, meaning to be very severe, that you wouldnt lend money to any of us if we wanted it.
then we said: such thoughts as these are forbidden, golden one.
perpetually the eye is on the point of descrying a pattern in this weaving, and perpetually it is cheated by change.
as i cried, i kicked the wall, and took a hard twist at my hair; so bitter were my feelings, and so sharp was the smart without a name, that needed counteraction.
what winding and devious ways the bees had through their palace!
compeysons wife, being used to him, giv him some liquor to get the horrors off, and by and by he quieted.
and when i understood this word, the book fell from my hands, and i wept, i who had never known tears.
if my experience were unique it would not be worth publishing, but it is only too common.
i had never ceased to write to her, but it must have been seven years since we had met.
when he called at my lodgings in london.
it seems natural to suppose that self-consciousness is one of the things that distinguish men from animals: animals, we may suppose, though they have acquaintance with sense-data, never become aware of this acquaintance.
his wit became less caustic; his manner more genial.
suddenly somebody thought of the pioneer, which rested, a virtual prisoner, in a railroad yard not far from chicago.
third, he must send out the copies sufficiently far in advance of the release date to enable all of the papers to arrange for the publication of the article on that day.
my daughter, and those dear to her, are far dearer to me than my life.
we stood together in the same old-fashioned window at night, when the moon was shining; agnes with her quiet eyes raised up to it; i following her glance.
it is very important to keep these different questions entirely separate, since any confusion between them is sure to produce an answer which is not really applicable to either.
i bred her and educated her, to be loved.
defarge had described himself, that day, as the keeper of a wine-shop in the saint antoine suburb.
it was a happy circumstance for me that traddles came back first.
in the case we have just been considering the objective consists of two parts with a certain relation (that of left-to-right), and the proposition consists of images of these parts with the very same relation.
mr. chillip laid his head a little more on one side, and looked at my aunt like an amiable bird.
but they insist that within wide limits he should be free to deal with the individual case so as to meet the demands of justice between the parties and accord with the reason and moral sense of ordinary men.
give me my box and money, will you, i cried, bursting into tears.
if i may not be permitted to allude to the natural depravity of the human heart, at least i may--i must--be permitted, so far to refer to misplaced confidence.
he had come to america as full of hope as the best of them; and now he was the chief problem that worried his son.
i began to think i should get over the day, when my sister said to joe, clean plates,cold.
it is jarvis lorry who has alighted and stands with his hand on the coach door, replying to a group of officials.
well, if he has the gift of reading, these others will be full of meat for him.
luck changes, says compeyson; perhaps yours is going to change.
i'll pay you thirty a month and board, and you can begin now, if you feel like it.
we may keep one another company a little longer!
that time passed, and her little lucie lay on her bosom.
be that as it may, it did arise, and was not brought about by any one.
in this way the stuff of which physical objects are composed is brought into relation with the stuff of which part, at least, of our mental life is composed.
you can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the same format with its attached full project gutenberg-tm license when you share it without charge with others.
but in fact the opposition of instinct and reason is mainly illusory.
as i have said, i do not propose to write an ode to dejection, but to brag as lustily as chanticleer in the morning, standing on his roost, if only to wake my neighbors up.
it is totally impossible to suppose that this series of actions, which constitutes one behaviour-cycle, is inspired by any prevision of the end, at any rate the first time it is performed.
if several materials are to be used in the process, you may enumerate them all at the beginning, for collection, or state them piece by piece as they are needed.
east, west, north, and south, through the woods, four heavy-treading, unkempt figures crushed the high grass and cracked the branches, striding on cautiously to come together in the courtyard.
and yet a coolness grows between miss shepherd and myself.
i am very well, said i; and not at all bacchanalian tonight, though i confess to another party of three.
thus the first step in the analysis of data, namely, the discovery of what is really given in sense, is full of difficulty.
but although the notion of an absolute criterion is chimerical, there may be relative criteria, which increase the probability of truth.
now, you know, theres a struggle going on when thats the case.
now and then a visitor wept, to be sure; but this slaughtering machine ran on, visitors or no visitors.
but, in political and philosophical theories, as well as in persons, success discloses faults and infirmities which failure might have concealed from observation.
and i know that we distrust one another all the while, and instinctively conceal or misrepresent our actual thoughts and emotions when there is no very apparent need....
we are old now, yet we were young this morning, when we carried our glass box through the streets of the city to the home of the scholars.
it should be the patron of the fine arts.
similar but more friendly exchanges took place afterwards, usually at intervals of three or four weeks.
now, i'll put you in a corner, forensically shaking a forefinger at him.
you doent understand what tis we has afore us.
it was the new religion of humanity--or you might say it was the fulfillment of the old religion, since it implied but the literal application of all the teachings of christ.
once habituated to his distrustful manner, said i, i have done very well.
and the friend i purpose to myself to win, is mr. barsad.
with that, my aunt pulled him by the sleeve, and nodded to me; and we three stole quietly out of the room, and came away.
she had the haunting melancholy of russia in her face, but her voice was as the voice of cockaigne.
i would therefore take the liberty of suggesting that in our friendly intercourse--which i trust will never be disturbed!--we draw a line.
the true philosophic contemplation, on the contrary, finds its satisfaction in every enlargement of the not-self, in everything that magnifies the objects contemplated, and thereby the subject contemplating.
there was nothing against him, save the quarrel; and my sister had quarrelled with him, and with everybody else about her, ten thousand times.
i am ashamed to record it, but i really believe i forgot dora for a little while.
as things are, the exceptions are of more frequent application than the rule itself.
in a far corner crouched elzbieta, moaning and wailing.
we went there at the usual hour; and round the study fireside found the doctor, and his young wife, and her mother.
finally the word is uttered without the movement of going towards the box being executed....
in these as in other respects, however, it is a lesser twin of walden.
he had somehow taken it for granted that he should go out with his union.
* you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
from either of these sources i can abstract the universal relation of before and after, just as i abstracted the universal relation 'being to the left of'.
it puts to rest many questions which he would otherwise be taxed to answer; while the only new question which it puts is the hard but superfluous one, how to spend it.
we may indulge the impulse in order to escape from this pain, and our action is then one which has a purpose.
it would be better for everybody, if they got took up, and was brought here.
i have a cousin, an only relative and an orphan, like myself, whom i love very dearly.
then i tell you what, young copperfield, said steerforth, you shall tell em to me.
miss havisham glanced at him as if she understood what he really was better than i had thought possible, seeing what he was there; and took up a little bag from the table beside her.
it was on the third or fourth occasion of my going out walking in the temple gardens leaning on joes arm, that i saw this change in him very plainly.
here, however, is no shading, no balancing of the scales.
you had abandoned all hope of being dug out?
it was all--it was their plot--miss henderson's plot.
probably every new and eagerly expected garment ever put on since clothes came in, fell a trifle short of the wearers expectation.
i saw now that i was in for it, and it must be done on the spot.
the loss of individuality seems to me sheer disgrace.
they came in again without finding anything, and then we struck out on the open marshes, through the gate at the side of the churchyard.
perhaps i was not, she answered, putting a hand to her head.
the view which led to their being so named is a natural one, but there are strong reasons for thinking that it is erroneous.
when we carried a large pail of it out of the woods, it seemed still more like ore.
i entreat you to observe that i have come here voluntarily, in response to that written appeal of a fellow-countryman which lies before you.
unconventional pictures caught at the right instant often make the best illustrations.
for reasons explained in lectureiv., the persistence of things through time is to be regarded as the formal result of a logical construction, not as necessarily implying any actual persistence.
mr. whats-your-name, you were going to refer some question to micawber.
you may yourself use these words and proceed to believe them.
i had to pass through that part, to get at the other.
information about the mission of project gutenberg-tm project gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
for human society i was obliged to conjure up the former occupants of these woods.
thus, we do not necessarily keep ebooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
i solemnly swear to you that i know of no harm having happened to charles; that i had no suspicion even of his being in this fatal place.
i think, he whispered to miss pross, after anxious consideration, i think we had best not speak to him just now, or at all disturb him.
by a conscious effort of the mind we can stand aloof from actions and their consequences; and all things, good and bad, go by us like a torrent.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
thus we become confined to two cases: (a) when the content consists wholly of images, (b) when it consists wholly of words.
you may think what you like, said i, still in a towering rage.
there are a few things that you can do with most project gutenberg-tm electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.
the demand was no longer that men be kept in their appointed grooves.
i shall be sure that you really are a cross old thing, if you dont go!
you may not believe it, white man, but lemuel made fifty-three cents in tips on the last trip from new york to chicago.
we swung our fist through the windowpane, and we leapt out in a ringing rain of glass.
the difficulty had not occurred to me; though i had had my apprehensions too, when i went in, of hearing the old tune.
in the early summer they would be in texas, and as the crops were ready they would follow north with the season, ending with the fall in manitoba.
bore down upon us as before, until the breath was nearly edged out of my body.
i am going to have a family dinner with traddles.
and what holds for colours is closely similar to what holds for other sense-data.
the slight reproach to which the virtue of patriotism is commonly liable, the noble are most likely to incur.
k., said mr. spiker, with an ominous look.
it was very pale; and bore the traces of deeper emotion than my letter alone, weakened by the doubts her fondness would have raised upon it, would have been likely to create.
in the note i wrote to miss mills, i bitterly quoted this sentiment.
certain of our sentimental magazines have published, at odd times, extremely personal rhapsodies about symphonies and poems.
please, sir, he began, in the usual formula, will you give me the price of a lodging?
in language there is no direct way of designating one of the ultimate brief existents that go to make up the collections we call things or persons.
mr. pumblechook began again when he had recovered; folding his arms tight on his chest and applying the screw.
he paid good board, and was yet obliged to live in a family where nobody had enough to eat.
sometimes a life glides away, and finds it still ripening in the shade.
his lonely daughter, bereft of her final hope and reliance, appealed to them both too strongly.
id go ten thousand mile, he said, id go till i dropped dead, to lay that money down afore him.
the business of science is to find uniformities, such as the laws of motion and the law of gravitation, to which, so far as our experience extends, there are no exceptions.
it struck cold and damp, but was not dark.
now my young friend, my guardian began, as if i were a witness in the box, i am going to have a word or two with you.
precisely, said schliemann; the low knavery and the ferocious cruelty incidental to them, the plotting and the lying and the bribing, the blustering and bragging, the screaming egotism, the hurrying and worrying.
thus the kinds of cases upon which bergson relies are insufficient to show the impossibility of prediction in the only sense in which prediction has practical or emotional interest.
thus they had no call to rationalize dogmas of not enforcing promises made as business transactions.
tattered prayer-books and somewhat dingy scapulars were brought to light.
he calmly asked, looking with attention at the horizontal lines of black and stone colour.
more than once peet has referred to them and discovered where leaks could be plugged.
military discipline, for example, aims at destroying the individuality and initiative of the soldier whilst increasing his mechanical efficiency, until he is simply a weapon with the power of hearing and obeying orders.
if i were confined to a corner of a garret all my days, like a spider, the world would be just as large to me while i had my thoughts about me.
affected, and impressed with terror as they both were, by this spectacle of ruin, it was not a time to yield to such emotions.
we took our leave early, and left together.
it is not necessary for our purposes to consider the whole of what the mathematician means by this statement: only part of what he means is philosophically important.
after an hour or so of this travelling, we came to a rough wooden hut and a landing-place.
she was up and down with gruffandgrim all the evening.
jurgis took it stolidly--he had made up his mind to it by this time.
the essential point of the definition, from our point of view, is that an instinctive movement is in dependent of prior experience.
said mr. lorry, looking steadfastly at him.
in an interview article, a person may indirectly give directions to others by describing in his own words the methods that he has used to accomplish the desired results.
of the latter the men were for the most part frightened and sheepish-looking.
anyhow, it was hot enough when it was up, as you may suppose.
what he says of british domination over egypt, captain mahan would evidently and logically be ready to say of american domination of any inferior power--that it has no more to do with morality than an earthquake.
accordingly the colonel went to the leading negro in the town of tuskegee and asked him what he could do to secure the negro vote, for negroes then voted in alabama without restriction.
such questions are asked by philosophy, and variously answered by various philosophers.
sold it was, however, and carried away in a van; except the bed, a few chairs, and the kitchen table.
marija had nothing on but a kimono and a pair of stockings; yet she proceeded to dress before jurgis, and without even taking the trouble to close the door.
the king upon his throne, with his crown upon his ed, cant sit and write his acts of parliament in print, without having begun, when he were a unpromoted prince, with the alphabet.ah!
and then, while some of the other prisoners gathered round he told his wild story; most of them were incredulous, but duane knew that jurgis could never have made up such a yarn as that.
for this work he received five dollars, and was told that he might have it every week, so long as he kept quiet.
thus the fact that a thing has relations does not prove that its relations are logically necessary.
katarina slipped from my embrace, went to the door, and disappeared too.
now it is possible, of course, to take the view advocated by professor j. s. haldane, who contends that physiology is not theoretically reducible to physics and chemistry.
so far, however, the women's nine-hour law has not been contested.
you wish, for example, to make a criticism of a new rifle for your friends.
we have concerned ourselves solely with uniform grading and central packing.
in animals we are not troubled by the disturbing influence of ethical considerations.
in a very few minutes the waiter came in to announce that miss manette had arrived from london, and would be happy to see the gentleman from tellson's.
i had been doing this, in an excess of attention to his recital.
if the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further opportunities to fix the problem.
mr. lorry came silently forward, leaving the daughter by the door.
well, maam, she will soon be quite comfortable, i hope, returned mr. chillip.
commerce is unexpectedly confident and serene, alert, adventurous, and unwearied.
it is said that a flood-tide, with a westerly wind, and ice in the neva, would sweep st. petersburg from the face of the earth.
saving for the one weird smile at first, i should have felt almost sure that miss havishams face could not smile.
kant professes to prove both these propositions, whereas, if what we have said on modern logic has any truth, it must be impossible to prove either.
contributions to the project gutenberg literary archive foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by u.s. federal laws and your state's laws.
in the wast book of an old trader of this town, who was also a captain, town-clerk, and representative, i find the following entry.
if you received the work electronically, the person or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.
often, when we were at work, and she was sitting by, i would see her pausing and looking at him with that memorable face.
here's a fellow says he owns this house.
i don't think i do like, if i may speak my mind.
this again results from the tendency in recent years to unify the social sciences and consequent attention to sociological theories.
after choosing a subject and formulating his purpose, a writer is ready to consider methods of treatment.
but he had had such a horrible fright; strong man as he was, it left him almost too weak to stand up.
youll be surprised how those girls are stowed away.
- you comply with all other terms of this agreement for free distribution of project gutenberg-tm works.
the shadows of the wintry afternoon were beginning to fall, and even now the dreadful carts were rolling through the streets.
here as elsewhere it renders impossible the full enjoyment of even this slight section of an orthographic paradise.
i am not afraid to die, citizen evremonde, but i have done nothing.
do not feed your chicken anything for twenty-four hours before killing it.
there had been some talk on occasions of my going to boarding-school.
if this doubt is raised, we find ourselves in the same position as when the doubt about the sunrise was first raised.
i warnt sure in my mind, wen i come out this morning, as i could go and break to ham, of my own self, what had so thankfully happened.
but, aunt, said dora, coaxingly, now listen.
the fundamental basis of their teaching was love and faith in humanity.
dora would think a little, and then reply, perhaps, with great triumph: why, the butcher would know how to sell it, and what need i know?
apart from any inclinations of my own, i understood wemmicks hint now.
at that time l.f. strickland, orchard inspector for the state department of agriculture, had paid particular attention to a limited number of apple orchards in niagara county with a view to controlling scab by spraying.
youre a foul shrew, mother gargery, growled the journeyman.
he had to run the risk of offending the reader at the beginning by his insistence upon failure, and thus rousing the reader's possible great resistance.
a builder who should have too meticulous care for his scaffolding is in danger of never seeing his building completed.
at the last words, he stretched out his hand again, hurriedly, and cried: not that, sir!
there were other guests--all iced for the occasion, as it struck me, like the wine.
for the same reason, added no doubt to the old dislike of her, i was seldom allowed to visit peggotty.
as the six evenings had dwindled away, to five, to four, to three, to two, i had become more and more appreciative of the society of joe and biddy.
it is only during the last century that an ethically neutral science of psychology has grown up; and here too ethical neutrality has been essential to scientific success.
so i was forced to revise my own estimate of myself.
i begged joe to be comforted, for (as he said) we had ever been the best of friends, and (as i said) we ever would be so.
he was a big, red-faced irishman, coarse-featured, and smelling of liquor.
a deficient, ill-tempered, lowering, stupid fellow.
my aunt would proudly remark, when we conversed about it.
that's all right, but you never went over to the 'quarium.
yet he would smoke his pipe at the battery with a far more sagacious air than anywhere else,even with a learned air,as if he considered himself to be advancing immensely.
you had ought to haf had a doctor, und not vaited so long--it vas too late already ven i come.
a money reparation for breach of contract is the exceptional remedy.
he was very much pleased by my asking if i might sleep in my own little room, and i was pleased too; for i felt that i had done rather a great thing in making the request.
they must have some characteristic which makes us regard them as referring to more or less remote portions of the past.
my memory is circumstantial and unshaken.
peggotty comes up to make herself useful, and falls to work immediately.
it was a pleasant hillside where i worked, covered with pine woods, through which i looked out on the pond, and a small open field in the woods where pines and hickories were springing up.
the answer is very simple; this law has been made by the english palate--which is impeccable.
if you two gentlmen--gentlmen growed now, and such gentlmen-- said mr. peggotty.
this law would need to be supplemented by some account of the influence of frequency, and so on; but it seems to contain the essential characteristic of mnemic phenomena, without admixture of anything hypothetical.
the value of courses in literature for the technical student.
remember, we do not now merely attack in general, wherever we find an enemy.
i felt extremely flattered by this arrangement, and we commenced carrying it into execution that very evening.
jip nestled closer to his mistress, and lazily licked her hand.
now, we cannot speak, for we cannot understand.
i merely want, mr. jaggers, said i, to assure myself that what i have been told is true.
to secure such favorable consideration for a manuscript among the hundreds that are examined in editorial offices, is no slight advantage.
thank you, trot, replied my aunt, i prefer to sit upon my property.
and his wig too, for hes had it these ten years--and he went on at that rate in the complimentary line, that i began to think i should be obliged to ring the bell.
ill go a little further with you; ill say something more.
also, there were two double-bedded rooms,such as they were, the landlord said.
whenever a relation holds between two or more terms, it unites the terms into a complex whole.
we looked upon them and we pleaded: our brothers!
no tiniest particle of organic matter was wasted in durham's.
wemmick explained to me while the aged got his spectacles out, that this was according to custom, and that it gave the old gentleman infinite satisfaction to read the news aloud.
in such an atmosphere cynthelia knefler planned and carried out the biggest, the most modern and strategic campaign for the working woman ever waged outside a suffrage state.
it was in the fourth year of my apprenticeship to joe, and it was a saturday night.
you shall not shed tears for my cruelty to-day; you shall be my page, and give me your shoulder.
this is as true in the moral and social relations of private life as in public transactions.
he is a commodity singularly fickle and variable, and not to be grown to order.
there is no greater assumption of infallibility in forbidding the propagation of error, than in any other thing which is done by public authority on its own judgment and responsibility.
is there anything to make the argument from analogy more cogent when we are (as we think) awake?
yet jurgis did not mind it; he rather enjoyed it.
shes more to me--gentlmen--than--shes all to me that ever i can want, and more than ever i--than ever i could say.
you will picture to yourself, my dear mr. copperfield, what the poignancy of my feelings must be, when i inform you that mr. micawber is entirely changed.
if we ask ourselves what justice is, it is natural to proceed by considering this, that, and the other just act, with a view to discovering what they have in common.
the mice which haunted my house were not the common ones, which are said to have been introduced into the country, but a wild native kind not found in the village.
the toast was received with great applause, and such hearty laughter that it made me laugh too; at which they laughed the more.
if you had sent the message, 'recalled to life,' again, muttered jerry, as he turned, i should have known what you meant, this time.
mr. jaggers presided, estella sat opposite to him, i faced my green and yellow friend.
to be married on the roadside like a parcel of beggars!
oh, how could she be so cruel, to herself and him!
the day came when the last little fellow trudged off to school and i no longer had a baby to hamper me.
but he doubted whether he could be justly forgiven, until he invented a divine plan by which god's wrath was to have been appeased.
as they emerge, they are picked up by another gang of men who roughly throw them into position on to the grade.
then he pushed aniele aside and strode into the next room and climbed the ladder.
and it has been remarked of whatever rules us that it works blunderingly, seeing that the good things given to a man are not given at the precise moment when they would have filled him with delight.
after that, she hugged mr. dick (who was highly honoured, but a good deal surprised); and after that, told them why.
harvey, as the hero, has to be tortured, not on the stage itself, but off the stage in a little room at the side.
by disappearing from such place, and being no more heard of thereabouts.
we were to have a superb dinner, consisting of a leg of pickled pork and greens, and a pair of roast stuffed fowls.
some intense associations of a most distressing nature were vividly recalled, i think.
it was so that the gregarious animals had overcome the predaceous; it was so, in human history, that the people had mastered the kings.
the first thing to notice about what is believed, i.e.
when we got to our journeys end, our first pursuit was to look about for a little lodging for peggotty, where her brother could have a bed.
a pot of beer had appeared from the jolly bargemen, and they were sharing it by turns in a peaceable manner.
i expect youll have an invitation to-morrow.
it is the work of a brave man surely, in whom there was no guile!
again, if i move a finger or relax a muscle of my face, miss murdstone pokes me with her prayer-book, and makes my side ache.
yes, certainly, says my mother; that is what i intend to do, my dear jane.
you see, dear, i should have told you before now, said peggotty, but i hadnt an opportunity.
his deportment would have been fierce in a butcher or a brandy-merchant.
that was another thing, the men said--all the saloon-keepers had to be indians, and to put up on demand, otherwise they could not do business on sundays, nor have any gambling at all.
exactly, said i; but i must tell you i should have no opinion of you, biddy, if he danced at you with your own consent.
our judgement analyses the datum into colour and shape, and then recombines them by stating that the red colour is round in shape.
we looked at one another until i withdrew my eyes, and looked thoughtfully at the floor.
the incessant anxiety and strain of some is a well nigh incurable form of disease.
both start from certain facts about numbers which are evident to inspection.
so tis, sir, so tis, sir, said ham, grinning.
i was going to kiss her, but she covered her cherry lips with her hands, and said she wasnt a baby now, and ran away, laughing more than ever, into the house.
bless and save the man, exclaimed my aunt, sharply, how he talks!
and your shirts, said miss murdstone; have you brought em home?
the idea did not originate in my own discernment, i am bound to confess, but in a speech of rosa dartles.
if this be true, surely it is unfortunate, for the writing of outlines brings exceeding great reward.
i admired anew the economy and convenience of plastering, which so effectually shuts out the cold and takes a handsome finish, and i learned the various casualties to which the plasterer is liable.
why, he's one of scully's biggest men--he's a member of the war-whoop league, and they talked of sending him to the legislature!
in goose pond, which lay in my way, a colony of muskrats dwelt, and raised their cabins high above the ice, though none could be seen abroad when i crossed it.
at last, by accident, the latch is lifted and the cat pounces on the food.
in the indian gazettes a wigwam was the symbol of a days march, and a row of them cut or painted on the bark of a tree signified that so many times they had camped.
we do not loathe a masterpiece although we gird against its blemishes.
thus the statement which seemed like a truism becomes, when re-stated, the following: 'we can never truly judge that something with which we are not acquainted exists.'
memories of the old life--his old hopes and his old yearnings, his old dreams of decency and independence!
probably writing itself, which we now regard as merely a way of representing speech, was originally an independent language, as it has remained to this day in china.
my love would have been devoted--would have trod your paltry whimpering under foot!
he had nothing to do but to play the game to the end--even though his additional profits were of no living use to him.
if i could buy the furniture now hired for me, said i, and one or two other little things, i should be quite at home there.
call estella, she repeated, flashing a look at me.
it is quite possible that i am a bad economist; but it is certain that i am incorrigible.
but i thought with dread that it was flowing towards magwitch, and that any black mark on its surface might be his pursuers, going swiftly, silently, and surely, to take him.
his housekeeper must be in his house, you know.
and then he would go on to tell you that socialism was paternalism, and that if it ever had its way the world would stop progressing.
other cases go rather on the principle that liability flows from culpability.
this is much less true of philosophical theories of property.
this argument, however, is by no means conclusive against james, because it cannot be shown that there are no visceral differences for different emotions, and indeed it is unlikely that this is the case.
i felt sure he did not love me any more!
i afterwards found that he generally acted, with his strong voice, as mr. creakles interpreter to the boys.
my aunt, the best and most cheerful of nurses, would trudge after us, a moving mass of shawls and pillows.
so we looked straight upon the golden one, and we saw the shadows of their lashes on their white cheeks and the sparks of sun on their lips.
my uncle lived when he was a boy in the neighbourhood of st.
she threw the cards down on the table when she had won them all, as if she despised them for having been won of me.
suppose two men are discussing what day of the month it is.
i have remembered myself, i--no, mr. creakle, i have not forgotten myself, i--i have remembered myself, sir.
i am glad of one thing, said biddy, and that is, that you have felt you could give me your confidence, pip.
thus the question of selection is answered.
the surety company assigned one of its detectives to look for the pin.
for a group of city men who are devotees of the sport.
say the next day, and pass as much of tomorrow as you can with us!
it is over, and the earth is filled in, and we turn to come away.
but we had never seen a saint nor what the likeness of a saint should be.
mr. jaggers is your guardian, i understand?
again, she who can minimize the petty worries of existence to the vanishing point.
they possess a quite dazzling and transcendent beauty which separates them by a wide interval from the cadaverous cod and haddock whose fame is trumpeted in our streets.
mr. murdstone was firm; nobody in his world was to be so firm as mr. murdstone; nobody else in his world was to be firm at all, for everybody was to be bent to his firmness.
and not only was it the rule here, it was the rule everywhere in america, so far as he knew.
herbert and startop were to get to london by land, as soon as they could.
every fairly familiar sensation is to us a sign of the things that usually go with it, and many of these things will seem to form part of the sensation.
even an infinite number of objects may, under certain conditions, be added or taken away without altering the number.
he has been so good as take his tea with us, and we are thankful to him for his company, also to you, sir, for your notice.
the taking of that hill is our controlling purpose.
he had not a single cent but that one bill!
i assured her that its profundity was quite unfathomable, and expressed my belief that nothing like it had ever been known.
the scanty, wet-looking grey hair, by which i remembered him, was almost gone; and the thick veins in his bald head were none the more agreeable to look at.
though it may be really spotless, yet technically it is dirty; and it must make a round trip to the laundry before it can reenter the service.
he said, shaking hands with me, copperfield, you are a true friend; but when the worst comes to the worst, no man is without a friend who is possessed of shaving materials.
the girl had become insane, fortunately for the police.)
the existence and justification of such beliefs--for the inductive principle, as we shall see, is not the only example--raises some of the most difficult and most debated problems of philosophy.
my passion takes away my appetite, and makes me wear my newest silk neckerchief continually.
allall my pretty oneshad gone for a little, and then stopped inexorably like a schoolboys watch.
there is some error, one frightful error, in the thinking of men.
and we stood still that we might not spill this pain more precious than pleasure.
if i seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that i brag for humanity rather than for myself; and my shortcomings and inconsistencies do not affect the truth of my statement.
thats true, mum, said mr. pumblechook, with a grave nod.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
youre a good creetur, he says, dont leave me, whatever you do, and thank you!
being, by that time, rather tired of this kind of life, and having received new provocation from the butcher, i throw the flower away, go out with the butcher, and gloriously defeat him.
in the midst of these remarks, mrs. markleham cried: wheres annie?
individual control would run counter to their natural purpose.
his eyes looked green now, as they watched mine with a rascally cunning.
nature has a place for the wild clematis as well as for the cabbage.
we, moreover, in return for our interest in education, did we not shamelessly accept monthly checks from the university treasurer's office?
for myself, my canterbury pilgrimage has done much; imprisonment on civil process, and want, will soon do more.
raymond is a witness what ginger and sal volatile i am obliged to take in the night.
hunger will compel me to join you--freddie.'
these trees were alive and apparently flourishing at mid-summer, and many of them had grown a foot, though completely girdled; but after another winter such were without exception dead.
there being no more passenger cars to sell, they switched him over into the motor-truck section.
the whole of this occurrence is much more difficult to account for on behaviourist lines.
whispers reach me of miss shepherd having said she wished i wouldnt stare so, and having avowed a preference for master jones--for jones!
these qualities may be, also, the uses to which the subject can be put, as in defining a tool or a machine.
the leading daily newspapers in new york print anywhere from one hundred thousand copies to four times as many, and they can put extra editions on the streets at fifteen-minute intervals.
for a long time past, the chief mischief of the legal penalties is that they strengthen the social stigma.
there was--pardon me--really such a person, and at all in his power?
give me your fork, mum, and take the baby, said flopson.
customs are made for customary circumstances, and customary characters: and his circumstances or his character may be uncustomary.
receiving boxes, with a grin, while the three children--and children are always more or less little savages--grinned sympathetically.
apart from this it is not a bad landscape.
he sought out all the members of his union--jurgis had stuck to the union through all this--and begged them to speak a word for him.
mr. copperfield, said my mother, answering with some difficulty, was so considerate and good as to secure the reversion of a part of it to me.
you have loved yourself; let your old love speak for me!
ham made a motion with his head, as if she were outside.
did you observe, gentlemen, said mr. waldengarver, that there was a man in the gallery who endeavored to cast derision on the service,i mean, the representation?
during all that time lucie was never sure, from hour to hour, but that the guillotine would strike off her husband's head next day.
the rules which obtain among themselves appear to them self-evident and self-justifying.
in order to maintain the general security we endeavor in every way to minimize this warping.
especial emphasis is placed on the relation of thought and speech, technical vocal exercises being subordinated to a study of the principles underlying the expression of ideas.
it would come upon him in the most unexpected places--sometimes it fairly drove him to drink.
i guess they'll put her out of here, too--she's getting to have crazy fits, from drinking absinthe.
houses in twos and threes pass by us, solitary farms, ruinous buildings, dye-works, tanneries, and the like, open country, avenues of leafless trees.
mrs. markleham was a regular inmate of the cottage then; but she talked and talked, and saw nothing.
and you have seen her still more recently.
long after it was dark i sat there, wondering whether anybody else would come.
belief itself, as we saw in an earlier lecture, is complex.
having hardly any time for consideration,my watch showing me that the coach started within half an hour,i resolved to go.
for example: you smell peat-smoke, and you recall some occasion when you smelt it before.
as to the first letter of that lawyers name now.
what have i, a college professor's wife, to confess?
but thus far these theories have been no more than indicated.
monsieur defarge's olfactory sense was by no means delicate, but the stock of wine smelt much stronger than it ever tasted, and so did the stock of rum and brandy and aniseed.
all this, i say, was wonderfully fine; but i must say, too, that there were times when it was very dreary.
a spirit of contempt for the fawners and plotters.
as the sombre wheels of the six carts go round, they seem to plough up a long crooked furrow among the populace in the streets.
he must rise to the countless opportunities that will come to him each night he is on the run.
why that horse, said the carrier, jerking the rein to point him out, would be deader than pork afore he got over half the ground.
maybe the cars had something to do with it, he suggested--maybe she had gone down-town.
this obliged me to run after her, and she ran so fast that we were very near the cottage before i caught her.
carton was the first to speak: the last chance is gone: it was not much.
mr. carton came up at the moment, and touched mr. lorry on the arm.
the judge of the prerogative court might have fallen in love with her, to see her fold her little hands and hold them up, begging and praying me not to be dreadful any more.
jurgis went downtown to supper, with three friends who had been on the other trucks, and they exchanged reminiscences on the way.
i tried to command my voice in gently saying his name, but it trembled.
there are some low minds (not many, i am happy to believe, but there are some) that would prefer to do what i should call bow down before idols.
for he saw me glance, involuntarily, at the prospect on the inkstand.
and that man intends to put a girdling ditch round the whole in the course of forty months, and so redeem it by the magic of his spade.
it was as if i had seen her admiringly and tenderly embracing dora, and tacitly reproving me, by her considerate protection, for my hot haste in fluttering that little heart.
i will not say what consideration i might give to that point myself, mr. copperfield, if i were unfettered.
the bare statement of the alternative shows the absurdity of supposing that such efforts have been made in any case which needs be considered here.
i deferred to his opinion, though i had great doubts of it myself.
i work pretty hard for a sufficient living, and thereforeyes, i do well.
thus the first possessor founds upon a common innate right of taking possession, and to disturb him is a wrong.
not that food which entereth into the mouth defileth a man, but the appetite with which it is eaten.
from a purely commercial standpoint, editors are middlemen who buy from producers what they believe they can sell to their customers.
ah, yes, to be sure, the other answered, that too was robbery.
the news of what had happened soon spread through the town; insomuch that as i passed along the streets next morning, i overheard the people speaking of it at their doors.
says compeyson: why, you fool, dont you know shes got a living body?
the scholastic philosophy did notable service in these respects and, i venture to think, left as a permanent contribution to legal science the method of insuring certainty by logical development of the content of authoritatively defined conceptions.
dont commit yourself, said mr. jaggers, and dont commit any one.
on this post of his, mr. cruncher was as well known to fleet-street and the temple, as the bar itself,--and was almost as in-looking.
this is not a good city, at this time, for you to be out in, unprotected; and as your escort knows mr. barsad, i will invite him to mr. lorry's with us.
im a lone lorn creetur myself, and everythink that reminds me of creeturs that aint lone and lorn, goes contrary with me.
besides which, the walls were not thick, and, whenever he passed the evening at our house, we always knew of it by hearing one continual growl in the kitchen.
evidently the speaker had arrived, thought jurgis; what fools they were making of themselves!
my depression was not alleviated by the announcement, for, i had supposed that establishment to be an hotel kept by mr. barnard, to which the blue boar in our town was a mere public-house.
when i had finished it, he asked me where i was going to school.
the socialists were literally sweeping everything before them that election, and scully and the cook county machine were at their wits' end for an issue.
jurgis had never heard of tolstoy, and did not care anything about him.
he took good care of the certain big man--that was part of his job.
this would leave him four dollars extra each week, an unthinkable sum for him.
we shall not at this stage attempt to answer all the objections which may be urged against this fundamental principle.
so mr. peggotty went into my old room to fetch little emly.
what i am describing, slumbered, and half awoke, and slept again, in the innermost recesses of my mind.
the incident related of robert e. lee when he was president of washington college is more revealing, almost, of his greatness of heart than a far more important deed of the great general.
but in regard to intuitive beliefs, it is by no means easy to discover any criterion by which to distinguish some as true and others as erroneous.
for the return of rejected articles stamps may be attached to the cover page by means of a clip, or a self-addressed envelope with stamps affixed may be enclosed.
in the almost perfect state every person shall have at least ten years before he dies of easy, carefree, happy living ... things will be so arranged economically that this will be possible for each individual.
mrs. hubble shook her head, and contemplating me with a mournful presentiment that i should come to no good, asked, why is it that the young are never grateful?
if she likes to make any little arrangement, afterwards, in the way of doing any little thing for us at home, very well.
my daily journeys to highgate considered, putney was a long way off; and i naturally wanted to go there as often as i could.
it is an antique style older than greek or egyptian.
i have got some of you under the harrow.
he was buried in london, at the church of saint pancras-in-the-fields.
do not stay to be an overseer of the poor, but endeavor to become one of the worthies of the world.
know that a petition was presented to the king and queen.
i asked joe whether he had heard if any of the other relations had any legacies?
though he anxiously endeavoured to dissuade me, i saw that he was of my mind; and this, if i had required to be confirmed in my intention, would have had the effect.
to speak literally, a hundred irishmen, with yankee overseers, came from cambridge every day to get out the ice.
the man who independently plucked the fruits when he was hungry is become a farmer; and he who stood under a tree for shelter, a housekeeper.
business is very bad; the people are so poor.
yet not once did he complain--he remembered that a servant a servant always is.
he was a dapper young fellow, with a light brown mustache and blue eyes, and a graceful figure.
scholastic philosophy, with its reliance upon dialectic development of authoritatively given premises, its faith in formal logic and its central problem of putting reason as a foundation under authority, responded exactly to these demands.
a frame around the tree would prevent this.
the blessed darling comes of no family, my dear handel, and never looked into the red book, and hasnt a notion about her grandpapa.
in practice the pressure of wants, demands, desires, will warp the actual compromises made by the legal system this way or that.
for i really had not been myself since the receipt of the letter; it had so bewildered me, ensuing on the hurry of the morning.
happily, she bethought herself of the consequences of what she did, in time to check herself and go back.
i mistrusted a design to entrap me into some admission.
her shoes came up at the heel, her hair grew bright and neat, her hands were always clean.
yet i do not call to mind that i was ever in my earlier youth the subject of remark in our social family circle, but some large-handed person took some such ophthalmic steps to patronize me.
the time came when it was decided to republish, and i sent in my manuscript, and the map along with it, to messrs. cassell.
should i fling myself away upon the man who would the soonest feel (if people do feel such things) that i took nothing to him?
i was beginning to express my gratitude to my benefactor for the great liberality with which i was treated, when mr. jaggers stopped me.
even more commonplace experiences are not without an element of the adventurous, for life itself is a great adventure.
nor would it be at all likely to succeed so well.
it employs whatever is of value, believing that the material, the message, is greater than the form.
but it is a sin to give men names which distinguish them from other men.
prints may be mounted or unmounted; unmounted ones cost less and require less postage, but are more easily broken in handling.
steering a narrow course between fiction and truth, mrs. cronan told her class that she thought there certainly must have been a dragon or the picture wouldn't have been painted.
grinned this old man, in a fierce, monotonous whine.
he ceased to speak, and his hand upon the table rested there in perfect repose, with a resolution in it that might have conquered lions.
it was very cold, and, a collier coming by us, with her galley-fire smoking and flaring, looked like a comfortable home.
i looked again at those hands and eyes of the housekeeper, and thought of the inexplicable feeling that had come over me when i last walkednot alonein the ruined garden, and through the deserted brewery.
more than enough, the other said, and took her hand and kissed it.
first of all, of course--and this will be essential in all such statements--will be an analysis of the conditions themselves.
no, no, my guardian assented; dont have too much to do with him.
thus all truths involve universals, and all knowledge of truths involves acquaintance with universals.
i must see lorry, the doctor repeated, turning her another way.
it may be told us in a carpet comedy, in a novel of adventure, or a fairy tale.
would mr. russell's criticism be of more value if it showed more emotion, if it were less detached?
now, come and take your place in the circle, and let us sit quiet, and hear the echoes about which you have your theory.
i ask your pardon, said the doctor, in a subdued tone, after some moments.
hence the reasons for regarding space and time as unreal have become inoperative, and one of the great sources of metaphysical constructions is dried up.
it is possible to know that two classes have the same number of terms without knowing any order in which they are to be taken.
he understood human institutions, and blew them about like soap bubbles.
he has no curiosity or care for the scene about him, and always speaks to the girl.
after i had been on the farm seven years, the tremendousness of the fight that my fellow farmers were waging disclosed itself to me with a force no figure of speech can convey.
it has the crowning merit of uselessness; and in the eyes of many uselessness seems to be regarded as the distinguishing mark of any noble class, either of things or persons.
but he was often talked at, while they were in progress, by reason of mrs. joes perceiving that he was not favorable to my being taken from the forge.
there are a lot of things you can do with project gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to project gutenberg-tm electronic works.
from time to time we remember things that have happened to us, because something in the present reminds us of them.
in fact, the truth of the principle is impossible to doubt, and its obviousness is so great that at first sight it seems almost trivial.
we thought of our glass box and of our light, and we forgot all else.
i did not see why the lyceum should not present its tax-bill, and have the state to back its demand, as well as the church.
wemmick appeared, handed it in, and disappeared.
i saw those two together, in a bright perspective, such well-associated friends, each adorning the other so much!
as a matter of fact, it is probable that only a few persons knew that the craft was intended for a transatlantic trip.
my dread was lest he should turn his head, and see her too.
her eyes were looking down upon its face, and she sat singing to it.
but i had wounded doras soft little heart, and she was not to be comforted.
he received me exactly as if not five minutes had elapsed since we were last together, and i had only been into the hotel to get change for sixpence, or something of that sort.
well, i am what they call an oxford man, he returned; that is to say, i get bored to death down there, periodically--and i am on my way now to my mothers.
because you know, said mr. omer, taking himself up, where he had left off, whatever is done, i should wish to be a member of.
she read my letter to the two old ladies, in the morning, and approved of it.
where his foot is planted (though it root not anywhere), he calls that spot home.
hear me, my dead baby and my withered father: i swear on my knees, on these stones, to avenge you on foulon!
she had got a baby--oh, there were a pair of babies when she gave birth to this child sitting here, that friday night!--and what more did she want?
but let a police dog, an airedale, a st. bernard, or a big ugly cur appear and nibbie was all around him, blackguarding him unendurably.
her bright calm face lighted up with pleasure as she went to meet him, and as they came in, hand in hand.
in the cozy cottage that serves as a dormitory, there is a large classroom, where the lectures in botany, entomology, soils and horticultural chemistry are given.
is there ultimately no difference, or do images remain as irreducibly and exclusively psychological?
finally, he walked across the room with a measured tread to where the window was.
in imagination i have bought all the farms in succession, for all were to be bought, and i knew their price.
the man started after it, and then, as a cry of scab!
he had not told them, simply because he had supposed they would understand that they had to pay interest upon their debt, as a matter of course.
the difference lies in the nature of the belief-feeling.
a folded piece of paper in one of them attracting my attention, i opened it and found it to be the play-bill i had received from joe, relative to the celebrated provincial amateur of roscian renown.
let us next examine whether intuition possesses any such infallibility as bergson claims for it.
but there are arguments against this view, which have generally been thought conclusive.
in time, similarly, however little time may elapse between two moments, it seems evident that there will be other moments between them.
he had gained an idea for his book and, like a true scholar, forgot for the moment our personal situation.
our breakfast was as good as the supper, and at half-past eight precisely we started for little britain.
but if we postulate an ideal observer, he will be able to isolate the sensation, and treat this alone as datum.
there i heard, from the mouths of various men, what hope the work being done by the bureau held for the future.
hundred and twenty-three pound, fifteen, six.
the average person can easily visualize a picture that is sketched in a few suggestive words, whereas he is likely to be confused by a mass of details.
ask the woman, said the farmer, nodding over his shoulder.
what follows has another (and i hope more disinterested) purpose.
we had heard nothing of him since he went away, that sunny afternoon.
i never heard of a philanthropic meeting in which it was sincerely proposed to do any good to me, or the like of me.
though i quite understood that the purpose of this announcement was to get rid of me, i have no distinct remembrance whether it pleased or frightened me.
when we had completed these preparations, they drove up, wrapped to the eyes.
and when jurgis had first come to america he had supposed that it was the same.
switzerland is a nation, in spite of diversities of race, religion, and language.
it is not at all the idea to carry over one of our professors each year and indoctrinate him with the true culture at its source.
as for laying carpets with it, any child could do that.
i have often thought him since, like the steam-hammer that can crush a man or pat an egg-shell, in his combination of strength with gentleness.
professor michael s. hart is the originator of the project gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared with anyone.
this was very singular to me, and i looked at her in considerable perplexity.
his hair was flying and his eyes wild--he looked like a man that had risen from the tomb.
upon these are superposed administrative parole or probation and executive power to pardon.
there are a number of other principles which cannot be proved or disproved by experience, but are used in arguments which start from what is experienced.
the pictorial accounts which physicists give of the material world as they conceive it undergo violent changes under the influence of modifications in theory which are much slighter than the layman might suppose from the alterations of the description.
at one of the theatre doors, there was a little girl with a mother, looking for a way across the street through the mud.
there are, however, several points in which such an account of recognition is inadequate.
during all this time the same man and woman would dance together, half-stupefied with sensuality and drink.
he was more deeply versed in the classics than many professors of greek and latin; the whole music of english poetry seemed to be current in his blood.
it had happened that way before, said the men, and it would happen that way forever.
said i. mr. drummle looked at me, and then at my boots, and then said, oh!
after the beginnings, it belongs rather to mathematics than to philosophy.
for anything i knew, his animosity towards the man might otherwise lead to his seeking him out and rushing on his own destruction.
we thought it was far south over the woods,we who had run to fires before,barn, shop, or dwelling-house, or all together.
i never did in my days behold anything like mowcher as she stood upon the dining table, intensely enjoying this refreshment, rubbing busily at steerforths head, and winking at me over it.
her relations were poor and scheming, with the exception of my father; he was poor enough, but not time-serving or jealous.
you may talk of the tyranny of nero and tiberius; but the real tyranny is the tyranny of your next-door neighbor.
he put the idea up to the executive committee of the bureau.
however, they were grown up and had their own way, and they made the most of it.
those plants of whose greenness withered we make herb tea for the sick, serve but a humble use, and are most employed by quacks.
to be the most beloved of english writers, what a title that is for a man!
then let me always stop and see you write.
he gains no practice either in discerning or in desiring what is best.
jurgis went straight up to him and announced, i have come back to work, mr. murphy.
the rest is all a more or less incoherent dream.
some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
to throw the bow to the right, ground the pole a foot or so wide of the boat, and then lean over and pull the boat up to it.
there are also a clean race of frogs and tortoises, and a few muscels in it; muskrats and minks leave their traces about it, and occasionally a travelling mud-turtle visits it.
at last i come behind him and hit him on the cheek to turn him round and get a smashing one at him, when i was seen and seized.
if we are right, the use of words in thinking depends, at least in its origin, upon images, and cannot be fully dealt with on behaviourist lines.
this prevents burning, too, if the fire should be hot.
she was quite satisfied that a good deal was effected by this make-belief of housekeeping; and was as merry as if we had been keeping a baby-house, for a joke.
this ball was held in a big dance hall, and was one of the occasions when the city's powers of debauchery gave themselves up to madness.
individual private property was a corollary of liberty and hence law was not thinkable without it.
as it is, im sure ill take off mother directly, and only too appy.
and yet one has faith in the imperishability of such a star-dust track.
it is necessary, therefore, to have at least one person in every photograph.
the family is a subject hes very strong upon, if you never heard him.
our two-fold classification of particulars gives rise to the dualism of body and biography in regard to everything in the universe, and not only in regard to living things.
didnt you tell me that your guardian, mr. jaggers, told you in the beginning, that you were not endowed with expectations only?
it tells us how the particle's motion is changing at each moment, not where the particle will be at some future moment.
oh, im so much obliged to you for this confidence!
there are a hundred thousand old people, cast off and helpless, waiting for death to take them from their torments!
this reference to absent objects is possible through association and habit.
the bell rang again so soon that i made a mere scramble of my dressing, instead of the careful operation i could have wished under the circumstances, and went downstairs.
it warnt hard, you may suppose, for a seafaring man like me to work his way over to italy.
this was called speeding up the gang, and if any man could not keep up with the pace, there were hundreds outside begging to try.
no, mr. traddles, replied uriah, resuming his official seat, and squeezing his bony hands, laid palm to palm between his bony knees.
they wore the dress that i likewise knew well.
once it was a problem to find the right man immediately.
the sub-title may be another question or an affirmation, but should not attempt to answer the question.
nothing good is difficult to you, said i.
tell us what you mean by pretty well, boy?
even when they told him that the lances were padded, the horses no more than ponies and the field unusually soft for late autumn, gawaine refused to grow enthusiastic.
mr. spenlow smiled as i became modestly warm on the subject, and then argued this question with me as he had argued the other.
but sergeant reilly rose to the occasion.
and now here he was, worn out in soul and body, and with no more place in the world than a sick dog.
i thought that kind of life was on all hands understood to be--eh?
for a man who resents the extra taxation that would be necessary to make one in his city.
he came in, too, to look at a famous geranium we had, in the parlour-window.
but this difference is hard to analyse or state correctly.
and men were demanding a funeral car, dignified and handsome enough to carry the body of abraham lincoln from washington to springfield.
after all, how different from the purse-proud arrogance of wealth seen in our best--selling--fiction, though seldom elsewhere.
but we need not, therefore, despair of writing criticism of literature and art.
masr davy, itll outlast all the treasure in the wureld.
if you want me to guess, you must ask me to dinner.
i left the woods for as good a reason as i went there.
the crushed nest lay soft in his hand, soft and pliable, and yet tough in texture.
i think i was the loudest of the party, but i am sure we were all sincere about it.
i concluded that he laughed in derision of my efforts, confident of his own resources.
every one present on thursday impression on audience night felt that this was indeed a commencement of remarkable for these girls.
it is impossible to express with what acuteness i felt the convicts breathing, not only on the back of my head, but all along my spine.
my dear copperfield, cried traddles, punctually appearing at my door, in spite of all these obstacles, how do you do?
it should be written by one who thoroughly knows his subject, who is forceful in style and fluent in words, who can make a picture that his readers can see, and seeing, realize.
she quite gloated on these questions and answers, so keen was her enjoyment of sarah pockets jealous dismay.
but if this were the truth, then there must be a definite numerical ratio between any two finite lengths, because it was supposed that the number of atoms in each, however large, must be finite.
it is a sin the consequences whereof follow the debtor into another world.
there was no smile on their face, and no welcome.
i used to sit with folded hands watching him, and counting his footsteps, hour after hour.
oh jip, miserable spaniel, this wretchedness, then, was your work!
of a sudden, he stopped, took the cork out of his bottle, and tossed it away.
his wife explained that she had merely asked a blessing.
this was all the preparation i received for that visit, or for others like it; miss havisham never wrote to me, nor had i ever so much as seen her handwriting.
ostrinski asked where he lived, offering to walk in that direction; and so he had to explain once more that he was without a home.
in both these cases you have been seeking the core of your subject, the real meaning of it, its essence.
traddles also shook his head, and said, not a bit.
we took our seats in silence; and so she sat beside me for a long time, holding my hand.
lord forbidding is pious, but not to the purpose, returned mr. jaggers.
as i serve my gun that day, i resolve, when the place shall fall, to examine that cell.
the garden had run wild, and half the windows of the house were shut up.
it was the power that moved their greatest inventions.
later, finding some people who could really play, i clove to them until they taught me all that i could grasp.
so until he was against the wall, and then the butler came close, and pointed toward the door.
only for a moment, when she was in a swoon, i softly answered.
most ponds, emptied, would leave a meadow no more hollow than we frequently see.
they were so numbed that they did not even suffer much from hunger, now; only the children continued to fret when the food ran short.
spirits are supposed to haunt the places where their bodies most resorted, and monseigneur without a guinea haunted the spot where his guineas used to be.
yet not a few are greedy after this gossip.
here there was an insoluble contradiction.
but quarters and half dollars do not come so easily to the old man in the parlor car as to his younger brother on the sleepers, or those elect who have the smokers on the fat runs.
she looked at me and the first words she spoke were: i love you.
by courtesy of the publishers, the columbia university press.
and so, the chemist was not alarmed when he discovered that the formation of gas in his crooked tube gave indication of bacteria in the drinking water.
theres the memorial- to be sure there is, said i.
he stood upon the steps, bewildered; he could hardly believe that it was true,--that the sky was above him again and the open street before him; that he was a free man.
it was nothing, now, that i had accustomed myself to think of her, when we were both mere children, as one who was far removed from my wild fancies.
v property economic life of the individual in society, as we know it, involves four claims.
but further: there is no reason why i should not know of the existence of something with which nobody is acquainted.
nobody could tell why that was; there must be something about the house, or the way it was built--some folks said it was because the building had been begun in the dark of the moon.
i put the letter in my breast, and thought what had i been an hour ago!
for nothing ever placates them, nothing ever moves to a look of approval that ring of bleak, old, contemptuous faces.
the man who has been through the newspaper mill seems to have a distinct edge on the man who enters the field without any newspaper training.
in those days there had been no law about the age of children--the packers had worked all but the babies.
what with her dress; what with the air and sun; what with being made so much of; what with this, that, and the other; her merits really attracted general notice.
it would seem to be always the same question, for, it is always followed by a press of people towards the third cart.
her fine figure was far less upright, her handsome face was deeply marked, and her hair was almost white.
apply his remarks about literary men to the career of thomas carlyle, heine, galsworthy, and others who have criticized their times.
many others, like m. bergson, have preferred to deny that space and time consist of points and instants.
it rests notably, among others, on the idea of fidelity.
i want to think that somewhere, some time, i will be coming home again, and that when the door opens nibbie will be on hand to caper welcome.
the first mistaken impulse of an undisciplined heart.
how retired the otter manages to live here!
she told emly she had seen me, and knowd i loved her, and forgive her.
this sketch is taken from the second of the three volumes in which robert cortes holliday, his friend and executor, has collected joyce kilmer's work.
what is true of the sunday newspaper is true of the popular magazine.
would it, indeed, have been better if we had loved each other as a boy and a girl, and forgotten it?
he knew us directly; and said, as he came out--with the old writhe,-- how do you do, mr. copperfield?
he went back to his thoughts, but with one further fact to reckon with--that he was caught here.
with this conclusion we may leave the emotions and pass to the consideration of the will.
one black chicken which the administrator could not catch, black as night and as silent, not even croaking, awaiting reynard, still went to roost in the next apartment.
perhaps one atomic fact may sometimes be capable of being inferred from another, though this seems very doubtful; but in any case it cannot be inferred from premisses no one of which is an atomic fact.
thus a belief is true when there is a corresponding fact, and is false when there is no corresponding fact.
we ran blindly, and men and houses streaked past us in a torrent without shape.
he is essentially and obviously a fragment: taken as the sum-total of reality he would be self-contradictory.
it was terrible that they were not able to bury her, that he could not even have a day to mourn her--but so it was.
does the article suggest to you some sources from which you might obtain material for your own articles?
if one could only manage to get the price of a passage, he could count his troubles at an end.
he is the conscience of the political world--the barometer of our corporate soul.
this lady, he tells us, was the original of alethea pontifex.
but i am out now to see how far i can get with absolutely native material.
change that cravat for this of mine, that coat for this of mine.
by the by, my dear traddles, said i, your experience may suggest something to me.
under these circumstances i thought myself well rid of him for a shilling.
here and there, some early lamps were seen to twinkle in the distant city; and in the eastern quarter of the sky the lurid light still hovered.
they were very long, very numerous, very hard--perfectly unintelligible, some of them, to me--and i was generally as much bewildered by them as i believe my poor mother was herself.
would the criticism of captain mahan's doctrine be sounder if he had been a german?
it lay back on the pillow of monsieur the marquis.
victory, in this struggle with the powers of darkness, is the true baptism into the glorious company of heroes, the true initiation into the overmastering beauty of human existence.
the towns poor seem to me often to live the most independent lives of any.
it's easy, if you wear the eureka two-fifty shoe.
or is there nothing beyond habit and prejudice?
now it suddenly occurs to me that i am at last entitled to claim them.
this kind of acquaintance, which may be called self-consciousness, is the source of all our knowledge of mental things.
this dialogue had taken place at mr. lorry's usual desk, with monseigneur swarming within a yard or two of it, boastful of what he would do to avenge himself on the rascal-people before long.
i was awkward enough in their games, and backward enough in their studies; but custom would improve me in the first respect, i hoped, and hard work in the second.
he lived with us during the whole term of his stay,--which, i think, was something less than a month,--and his sister and my aunt came to london to see him.
would gargery come here with you, and bring your indentures, do you think?
* * * * * can use this horse, goat, wolf, and evry beast, and is not ass himself to all the rest!
on the very first evening after our arrival, mr. barkis appeared in an exceedingly vacant and awkward condition, and with a bundle of oranges tied up in a handkerchief.
the coachman answered, a shillingunless you wish to make it more.
business houses in the towns closed down and sent their help to the orchards.
he also requested, as a last act of friendship, that i would see his family to the parish workhouse, and forget that such a being ever lived.
further, one of those two was already retaken, and had not freed himself of his iron.
the more i thought of the fight, and recalled the pale young gentleman on his back in various stages of puffy and incrimsoned countenance, the more certain it appeared that something would be done to me.
and if you ask me to give you, what you never gave me, my gratitude and duty cannot do impossibilities.
i should feel as if i were worth less in that case.
i know of nothing more purgative of winter fumes and indigestions.
for, be it remembered that man alone of animals plays the ape to his dreams.
this was a hard thing to bear, but this was nothing.
i caught doras eye as i bowed to her, and i thought it looked appealing.
speak these words again, they whispered.
hark to this, maam, he returned, slowly and quietly.
thus infinite divisibility of distances, which must be admitted, does not imply that there are distances so small that any finite distance would be larger.
if his nose had been upside-down, he would have made that respectable.
the foundation makes no representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any country outside the united states.
i had no time for verification, no time for selection, no time for anything, for i had no time to spare.
miss spenlow endeavoured, said miss murdstone, to bribe me with kisses, work-boxes, and small articles of jewellery--that, of course, i pass over.
he was close beside me, when i walked away from the house, slowly fitting his long skeleton fingers into the still longer fingers of a great guy fawkes pair of gloves.
its only on account of those who come to me, who might not like to come here.
she returned, her eyes filled with tears.
it is commonly higher in the winter and lower in the summer, though not corresponding to the general wet and dryness.
such propositions are important to logic, because all inference depends upon them.
often you will wish to find contemporary, immediate material.
what drew the blasting flash must have been not the question itself, but the manner in which it was asked.
as he passed along towards saint antoine, he stopped at a shop-window where there was a mirror, and slightly altered the disordered arrangement of his loose cravat, and his coat-collar, and his wild hair.
her father's only answer was to draw his hands through his white hair, and wring them with a shriek of anguish.
this idea, held in one form or another by the historical school, divided the allegiance of jurists with the theory of law as command of the sovereign during almost the whole of the past century.
his voice was deep, like an organ; it was some time, however, before jurgis thought of the voice--he was too much occupied with his eyes to think of what the man was saying.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
wasnt aware you had one, miss trotwood, said mr. wickfield.
three in that room, said traddles, pointing.
the garden was too overgrown and rank for walking in with ease, and after we had made the round of it twice or thrice, we came out again into the brewery yard.
an accompanying letter is not necessary, for the cover page of the manuscript gives the editor and his assistants all the information that they need.
they realize, however, that conditions outside the home have a direct bearing on home-making; and each year they are taking a more active part in civic affairs.
he was there once before, said my aunt presently.
one is the professional feeling that the common law is the legal order of nature, that its doctrines in an idealized form are natural law and that its actual rules are declaratory of natural law.
it was this that gave meeker his first idea that there was a city under the sea.
and she is of so aristocratic a disposition yes, maam, i said again, with the same object as before.
mr. pumblechook then turned me towards him, as if he were going to cut my hair, and said, first (to get our thoughts in order): forty-three pence?
i dont think, trotwood, returned agnes, raising her soft eyes to mine, i would consider that.
he knows what he has to do, and hell do it.
but the twin of my new-born humility, paradoxical as it may seem, was a sense of dignity i had never known before.
it is not a convenient precedent at all.
so we climbed toward it through the rocks.
and this, said mr. micawber, nodding his head sorrowfully, is the bench!
if it were possible for me to love dora more than ever, i am sure i did.
since you deal with the fascinating subject of human personality your writing should not be dull.
long ago, when he had been famous among his earliest competitors as a youth of great promise, he had followed his father to the grave.
and what other flower, at whatever price per dozen, will give you such abundance of beauty without a fear of frosts?
my dwelling was small, and i could hardly entertain an echo in it; but it seemed larger for being a single apartment and remote from neighbors.
you cannot fail to know that she is far below him.
these connections are patent, whereas the causes of desires are more obscure.
some of us have been so anxiously abashed by high standards of european culture that we could not see a poet in our own back yard until european poets and critics told us he was there.
i said, could you change me a hundred-dollar bill?
the 'exercise and occupation cure,' on the other hand, is an active, stimulating, and tonic prescription.
he has a good many years before him, no doubt.
thus there must be intuitive judgements of memory, and it is upon them, ultimately, that all our knowledge of the past depends.
she smiled rather sadly, i thought, and shook her head.
i was about to explain that i was not desirous of introducing that mode of provision into the family, when agnes inquired if my rooms were held for any long term?
i should think i could, miss, said i, in a shy way.
she read me what she had written; and it was direct and clear, and evidently intended to absolve me from any suspicion of profiting by the receipt of the money.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
i went back to the inn; and when i had washed and dressed, and tried to sleep, but in vain, it was five oclock in the afternoon.
it is now time to leave these preliminary requisites, and attempt the analysis of the contents of beliefs.
the percept has an aggressiveness which does not belong to the image.
miss trotwood, you had better stop this; or ill stop your husband shorter than will be pleasant to you.
i could hardly believe it myself, if you told me.
he was arranging his fruit in plates while we talked, which divided his attention, and was the cause of his having made this lapse of a word.
but apart from this, there are other marks.
dear me, you know that quite as well as i!
all right, said the other, i'll change it.
they kept him out in the unwholesome mists at night, and ordered him back into his harness in the day.
an honest man has hardly need to count more than his ten fingers, or in extreme cases he may add his ten toes, and lump the rest.
jurgis had an unpleasant sensation, a sense of confusion, of disorder, of wild and meaningless uproar.
i had not got as much further down the street as the post-office, when i again beheld trabbs boy shooting round by a back way.
the gross feeder is a man in the larva state; and there are whole nations in that condition, nations without fancy or imagination, whose vast abdomens betray them.
mr. micawber was extremely glad to see me, but a little confused too.
she says she is proud of every drop of indian blood that flows in her veins.
he looked so splendid--all fire and furious determination, as when he used to rush up to the net in the deciding game of a tennis match, cool and quick as lightning.
have i been silent all these years, and shall i not speak now?
it wont do to be like long ned beadwood, when they took him to church to marry him to somebody, as he says, and left the bride behind.
and finally it is by no means certain that the peculiar causal laws which govern mental events are not really physiological.
if those awful solitudes had spoken to my heart, i did not know it.
they had put him in jail, and they would keep him here a long time, years maybe.
but if we stay at home and mind our business, who will want railroads?
i want to speak to you very particularly.
she asked, when all was told, where we were to be communicated with, if occasion should arise.
in a word, they were married, and had gone into the church for no other purpose.
we both recommended a small sum in money, and the payment, without stipulation to mr. micawber, of the uriah claims as they came in.
a wonderfully wise little woman was elzbieta; she could think as quickly as a hunted rabbit, and in half an hour she had chosen her life-attitude to the socialist movement.
another tree in the vicinity, also a hemlock, had a superb situation.
but my husband has his weaknesses, and he is so weak as to relent towards this doctor.
we see a patch of red, and we judge 'there is such-and-such a patch of red', or more strictly 'there is that'; this is one kind of intuitive judgement of perception.
the mother looked young, and the daughter looked old; the mothers complexion was pink, and the daughters was yellow; the mother set up for frivolity, and the daughter for theology.
in the kingdom of style o. henry's estates were princely, but, to pay his debts, he must have sold them all.
you may convert to and distribute this work in any binary, compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any word processing or hypertext form.
miss murdstone gave me her chilly finger-nails, and sat severely rigid.
to clap that joint into a steamy oven would have been a crime unpardonable by gods and men.
but both the thing-in-itself of philosophy and the matter of physics present themselves as outside causes of the sensible object as much as of the sensation.
in still other places men were engaged in cutting up the carcasses that had been through the chilling rooms.
my dear mr. copperfield, said mrs. micawber, i wish mr. micawber to feel his position.
the opportunity that the days rest had given me for reflection had resulted in my fully determining to say nothing to him respecting compeyson.
one of the consequences of all these things was that jurgis was no longer perplexed when he heard men talk of fighting for their rights.
nobody came near me until late at night.
he said a man was not to be dictated to.
i could have posted a newspaper in his mouth, he made it so wide after saying this.
the manuscript is then read and commented on by other editorial readers before it reaches the assistant editor.
the characteristic is not wholly confined to living organisms.
said mrs. joe, throwing down the shilling and catching up the paper.
i admired and loved him, and his approval was return enough.
you have money, and can buy the means of travelling to the seacoast as quickly as the journey can be made.
i should be an inconvenience at joes; i was not expected, and my bed would not be ready; i should be too far from miss havishams, and she was exacting and mightnt like it.
both of them, however, admirable as their work is, seem to me to suffer from a general philosophical bias.
my dear old traddles has tried his hand at the same pursuit, but it is not in traddless way.
the spy would have been no spy if he had failed to see it, or to record it in his mind.
there was nothing for it, but to turn back and begin all over again.
i'm too dead tired to go out of a saturday night.
so is your pastoral life whirled past and away.
here is mr. micawber with a variety of qualifications--with great talent-- really, my love, said mr. micawber.
it exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from people in all walks of life.
or ask him, said mr. micawber, if he ever burnt one there.
organization and system are logical constructions of the expounder rather than in the external world expounded.
that he had no recollection whatever of his having been brought from his prison to that house, was apparent to them.
if you say a word to me, ill throw up the case.
by courtesy of the atlantic monthly company.
i was patiently trying to acquire a counter turn under the idle gaze of a hockey player who had no better business till the others arrived than to watch my efforts.
some blind reasons that i had for not returning home--reasons then struggling within me, vainly, for more distinct expression--kept me on my pilgrimage.
he surrounded himself with an atmosphere of respectability, and walked secure in it.
you must comply with it--take off those boots you wear, and draw on these of mine.
we all remained quiet; agnes covering her face.
i come now to the question what constitutes believing, as opposed to the content believed.
he seized marija by the arm; she trembled, and her voice sank beneath a whisper as she replied, we--we have no money.
but no one knows the resources of that mans intellect, except myself!
it is my mind which thinks, and the judgement of my mind is the only searchlight that can find the truth.
when i strolled around the pond in misty weather i was sometimes amused by the primitive mode which some ruder fisherman had adopted.
both in thought and in feeling, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
it is desirable to maintain the same tone in both title and sub-title.
of course, there were visitors, contributors and candid friends, but mainly we worked in almost quakerish tranquillity five days in the week during my incumbency.
she may have been in an office but has never really liked office work and has always longed for home surroundings and home duties.
we acknowledged his politeness, and made suitable replies.
peet anticipated the crisis by converting the farm bureau into a veritable county labor department.
his mothers eye was an evil eye to the rest of the world, i thought as it met mine, howsoever affectionate to him; and i believe she and her son were devoted to one another.
uriahs cheeks lost colour, and an unwholesome paleness, still faintly tinged by his pervading red, overspread them.
i am again at work upon the hill-side, and the sun is again about to go to bed.
i am inclined to believe, from my uncertainty on this head, that it was six at first and seven afterwards.
but when they speak it they are put to death.
monseigneur was in his inner room, his sanctuary of sanctuaries, the holiest of holiests to the crowd of worshippers in the suite of rooms without.
a dead silence had fallen in the room, and he saw that every one was staring at him.
you have seen my son, sir, says the elder lady.
this problem, which has been acute since the time of berkeley, is ignored by common sense, and has therefore hitherto been ignored by physicists.
he comes to see you, along with masr davy, on the brightest night of your uncles life as ever was or will be, gorm the tother one, and horroar for it!
this constriction does not mean that he is steeling himself to speak.
the turkoman and caucasian families of oriental rugs also pair off by themselves.
in other words, this second kind of outline is valuable chiefly in its arrangement and placing of material.
but if this be the case, it is a result to be demonstrated, not a premiss from which to start in defining truth and falsehood.
when we came to pumblechooks, my sister bounced in and left us.
it is our own world, golden one, a strange, unknown world, but our own.
somebody said to me, let us go to the theatre, copperfield!
do not hold it by the neck, but grasp it by the bony part of its head and jaws.
since the time of his disillusionment, jurgis had sworn to trust no man, except in his own family; but here he discovered that he had brothers in affliction, and allies.
apples, pears, peaches, plums, grapes, cherries, quinces make up the county's horticultural catalogue.
visitors i think that i love society as much as most, and am ready enough to fasten myself like a bloodsucker for the time to any full-blooded man that comes in my way.
within, there were two glasses of rum and milk prepared, and two biscuits.
he labored to be a doer, to stand well with observers; and none save his intimate friends read his agitation and profound weariness.
what if equal pains were taken to smooth and polish their manners?
i had liked him: she spoke softly, but without any hesitation: very much.
heaven forbid that i should grudge my native country any portion of the wealth that may be accumulated by our descendants!
the person interviewed seems to be talking to each reader individually.
the courtship of childhood, therefore, is a matter of preference and of comradeship.
infancy is not what it is cracked up to be.
yet he had picked up gossip enough to have it occur to him that the loud-voiced man upon the bench might be the notorious justice callahan, about whom the people of packingtown spoke with bated breath.
for a moment, with the fear of my sisters working me before my eyes, i had a desperate idea of starting round the room in the assumed character of mr. pumblechooks chaise-cart.
the doctor, ever pleased with what was likely to please his young wife, turned to her and said: you must go, annie.
i informed her that my reason was tottering on its throne, and only she, miss mills, could prevent its being deposed.
i declare, said my mother, gently, they are exactly alike.
after tea the children left us; and we three sat together, talking of the bygone days.
thankee, said he; then well consider that its to come off, when convenient to you.
he would come back there after dark, and he would show that scoundrel whether he was good for anything or not!
than agnes, he repeated, walking slowly to the great chimney-piece, and leaning against it.
in other rooms they prepared salt pork--there were whole cellars full of it, built up in great towers to the ceiling.
there's the devil of a stink in here, he said, suddenly.
when i am acquainted with 'my seeing the sun', it seems plain that i am acquainted with two different things in relation to each other.
write a report on the state of honor in your college or university such as washington or lincoln would have written after investigating conditions in the student politics of the institution, or conditions in examinations and quizzes.
i saw the shadows of the heavy stair-rails, thrown by the watchmans lantern on the wall.
before i went to sleep that night i exchanged a few words with sergeant reilly.
they tried speaking to him; but, he was so confused, and so very slow to answer, that they took fright at his bewilderment, and agreed for the time to tamper with him no more.
one and one half times this amounts to forty-two cents an hour, which she receives for extra work just as she would in the business world.
if, however, it is part of a perception, say of some familiar person, we may say that the person perceived is an object of consciousness.
he was no longer shy about it--when he went in, instead of saying all the things he had been planning to say, he started to tell elzbieta about the revolution!
but we have to consider, not what led them to desire the view, but whether their arguments for it are valid.
further, when a proposition which is a datum asserts the existence of something, we say that the something is a datum, as well as the proposition asserting its existence.
in the fall, after the harvest was over, he saw that it would not do, and tramped the full fortnight's journey that lay between him and ona.
and i am inclined to think he ought to have spectacles.
when i had got rid of him, which i thought it well to do without prolonging explanations, my mind was much troubled by these two circumstances taken together.
a man might work full fifty minutes, but if there was no work to fill out the hour, there was no pay for him.
each mind sees at each moment an immensely complex three-dimensional world; but there is absolutely nothing which is seen by two minds simultaneously.
(she was looking at me then with a look of supreme aversion.)
didn't i hear your wife tellin' what with the hard times an' all, you'd be puttin' briddie in the mill this winter as soon as ever she's turned fourteen?
we may therefore now assume it to be true that nothing mental is presupposed in the fact that edinburgh is north of london.
historically, the notion of cause has been bound up with that of human volition.
leaving just room enough for the play of the oars, she kept alongside, drifting when we drifted, and pulling a stroke or two when we pulled.
the low arched door then opened, and the face came out.
as we walked to and fro, all four together, before breakfast, i deemed it right to recount what i had seen.
he pounded out the parts for his first rapid-fire gun with hammer and cold chisel.
to exclude the cold, one half of this door was fast closed, and the other was opened but a very little way.
it is there that the most significant idea should be placed.
here they brought him more duffers and dope, with the addition of a bowl of soup.
towards soho, therefore, mr. stryver shouldered his way from the temple, while the bloom of the long vacation's infancy was still upon it.
feeling sure that it was necessary for papas peace that the sacrifice should be made, i entreated him to make it.
every writer of special articles should become adept in the use of a camera.
on the other hand the extent to which courts today are straining to get away from the bargain theory and enforce promises which are not bargains and cannot be stated as such is significant.
your appetites been touched like by your accident, said the landlord, glancing at the bandaged arm under my coat.
it was now young jerry's turn to approach the gate: which he did, holding his breath.
he was an ironist entangled in his own net and an egotist bitten with self-distrust, concealing his wounds in self-assertion and his hesitancies in an external aggressiveness.
it is a passage which has served as a lasting model for the historian's treatment of character.
upon which he poured it out of a jug into a large tumbler, and held it up against the light, and made it look beautiful.
he had before offered me money, which i had postponed taking.
i deigned to make him no reply; and, taking up my hat, was going out to bed, when he came between me and the door.
three women clerks and stenographers and the assistant manager occupied this room.
jurgis had his suspicions as to the dreadful meaning of that incident, and he went away with a sinking at the heart.
in charge of each of these families are a man and his wife, who utilize the services of some of the patients in the performance of household work, while the others have their duties outside.
be thankful for me, if you have a kind heart, as i think you have, she said, that while i know well what i am, i can be cheerful and endure it all.
he could write of them, besides, in sound english, and render them into sound english.
now it is evident that unless the critic's standards are fair and sensible, unless they are known to be sound and essential, his criticism is likely to be valueless.
as my eyes followed her white hand, again the same dim suggestion that i could not possibly grasp crossed me.
the nutritive value of different foods in relation to their cost is discussed to enable them to maintain their health by a proper diet.
presently, however, it tends to become a division of a household among individuals.
then, seeing blue-coated forms rushing upon him, he sprang after the negress.
my reflections at these times were always associated with the figure i was to make in life, and the distinguished things i was to do.
flopson, by dint of doubling the baby at the joints like a dutch doll, then got it safely into mrs.
edward, said miss murdstone, let there be an end of this.
i could observe, in little pieces, as it were; but as to making a net of a number of these pieces, and catching anybody in it, that was, as yet, beyond me.
then let any one imagine their dismay, when, after half an hour, they came in with a lawyer, and heard him greet the agent by his first name!
it can only go on from bad to worse, until destroyed and regenerated (like the western empire) by energetic barbarians.
asks another question of the subordinate before his first is dry!
even mr. jaggers started when i said those words.
a person whose desires and impulses are his own--are the expression of his own nature, as it has been developed and modified by his own culture--is said to have a character.
or who shall justify the seeming solidity of the common objects among which we suppose ourselves to live?
it is through this question of verifiability and empirical applicability to experience that we are led to a theory of matter such as i advocate.
the functions that they appear to perform can always be performed by classes or series or other logical constructions, consisting of less dubious entities.
dede antanas is asleep, and so are the szedvilases, husband and wife, the former snoring in octaves.
we walked very slowly home, mr. wickfield, agnes, and i--agnes and i admiring the moonlight, and mr. wickfield scarcely raising his eyes from the ground.
he turned the dialogue to that point, and thanked him for it.
nor is fichte's theory a statement of moral ideas of his day or of ours.
he advised that they should let the time go by until the regular breakfast-hour, and should then meet the doctor as if nothing unusual had occurred.
i like a plainly printed letterhead that carries my name, my address and my business.
dear biddy, said i, you have the best husband in the whole world, and if you could have seen him by my bed you would havebut no, you couldnt love him better than you do.
i clutched the leg of the table again immediately, and pressed it to my bosom as if it had been the companion of my youth and friend of my soul.
steerforth then said, you are all right, copperfield, are you not?
perhaps they will suggest other somewhat similar but more usable subjects.
after that, he retired for the night, shutting the outer door upon us with a bang.
it therefore becomes important to consider the nature and scope of intuitive knowledge, in much the same way as, at an earlier stage, we considered the nature and scope of knowledge by acquaintance.
instead of answering, estella burst out laughing.
perhaps it is the nerves that acquire experience rather than the mind.
it flatters his sense of superiority that he may thus pull wool about the ears of joint and several.
i didnt take particular notice, he said, dubiously, not knowing the ways of the place.
their money was gone, the silence of the press had crushed them with an overwhelming sense of helplessness, but nevertheless they turned the trick.
in the midst of the action he went astray, and, with another deep sigh, fell to work at his shoemaking.
each will receive its proper share, if each has that which more particularly concerns it.
as is usually the case with ideals which exclude one-half of what is desirable, the present standard of approbation produces only an inferior imitation of the other half.
have you any intention of going away again?
criticize modern american cooking by showing its rise and the influences that have controlled it.
in another moment, i dont know where the wall is, or where i am, or where anybody is.
accordingly, gawaine has lived in the memory of the school as its greatest hero.
for joe had actually laid his head down on the pillow at my side, and put his arm round my neck, in his joy that i knew him.
i was not merely over head and ears in love with her, but i was saturated through and through.
then, she took the doctors hand (he was sitting in the same attitude as when we had entered the room), and pressed it to her breast, and kissed it.
desire, as opposed to impulse, has, it is true, a large and increasing share in the regulation of men's lives.
elzbieta was horrified, for she did not believe that the food out of the dumps was fit to eat.
the mayor of sandy creek, oklahoma, has skipped with a hundred thousand dollars.
unexplained crimes and accidents; strange psychical phenomena, such as ghosts, presentiments, spiritism, and telepathy; baffling problems of the scientist and the inventor--all have elements of mystery that fascinate the average reader.
but we love better to talk about it: that we say is our mission.
what an ignoble view of these matters most good people accept!
the former has long done valiant service for the will theory.
my bed at night was under another haystack, where i rested comfortably, after having washed my blistered feet in a stream, and dressed them as well as i was able, with some cool leaves.
no dictionary can ever register a tithe of them, for, so long as a language is alive, every speaker is constantly making new specialized applications of its words.
in a work thus carried out, not much thought was given to the welfare of the laborers.
after the middle turn of life's way we consider dangers and joys with a tranquil mind.
for if i found that i was a person of small consequence, i discovered at the same time that i was more nobly related than i had ever supposed.
the successful teacher is no longer on a height, pumping knowledge at high pressure into passive receptacles.
thus in the presence of my table i am acquainted with the sense-data that make up the appearance of my table--its colour, shape, hardness, smoothness, etc.
in lecture i we criticized the analysis of a presentation into act, content and object.
an explosion of a smouldering volcano long suppressed, was the result of an internal contest more easily conceived than described.
mr. micawber returned to the kings bench when his case was over, as some fees were to be settled, and some formalities observed, before he could be actually released.
she led the way to a back staircase, jurgis following; in the kitchen she pressed a spring, and a cupboard gave way and opened, disclosing a dark passageway.
see here then, monsieur the officer, said defarge, getting down, and taking him gravely apart, these are the papers of monsieur inside, with the white head.
his message perplexed his mind to that degree that he was fain, several times, to take off his hat to scratch his head.
my poor papas maxim, mrs. micawber observed.
i will not be interfered with by jane, said mrs. pocket, with a majestic glance at that innocent little offender.
the value of philosophy is, in fact, to be sought largely in its very uncertainty.
she was not in the drawing-room when i presented agnes to her little aunts, but was shyly keeping out of the way.
the advertisements from local supply dealers pay for it, and two pages of ads in each issue settles the bill.
you understand me, she said, you pays me dot money yust de same!
but they looked upon us, and suddenly we were afraid.
let us consider first the knowledge of universals by acquaintance.
but these writings, you know, that i speak of, are already drawn up and finished, said traddles after a little consideration.
this view of the reciprocal causal independence of mind and matter has no basis except in metaphysical theory.
as he had no idea of deceiving her, and always desired to please her, he was thus made chary of launching into expense.
think how endless a real treatise on old china would be, and then how brief and sketchy lamb's essay is.
the waiter appeared to be particularly affected.
i would not consent to your being charged with any written answer, but perhaps you will take a verbal one?
my impression is, after many years of consideration, that there never can have been anybody in the world who played worse.
he complied, and we groped our way down the dark stairs together.
a light had begun to break upon the woman; perhaps she had had doubts of what they had told her.
mr. sicher is president of the cotton goods manufacturers' association.
as he was at present dressed in a seafaring slop suit, in which he looked as if he had some parrots and cigars to dispose of, i next discussed with him what dress he should wear.
compeyson is the man who professed to be miss havishams lover.
what would you say, as the result of this investigation, about the value of definitions?
not being particular, it cannot itself exist in the world of sense.
as exchange editor, did i read all the papers in the english language in eager search of fish news.
the waiter immediately withdrew to make the exchange.
the frightful deeds that were to be soon done, were probably unimagined at that time in the brains of the doers.
there has been no nonsense about the matter.
methinks it would be some advantage to philosophy if men were named merely in the gross, as they are known.
what is required may be expressed in mathematical language by saying that the position of a moving body must be a continuous function of the time.
i examined the will with the deepest attention, pronounced it perfectly formal in all respects, made a pencil-mark or so in the margin, and thought it rather extraordinary that i knew so much.
a writer, for example, has prepared a popular article on soil analysis as a means of determining what chemical elements different kinds of farm land need to be most productive.
mrs. joram was so unhappy that her husband came out to take care of her.
as she was still looking at the reflection of herself, i thought she was still talking to herself, and kept quiet.
peggotty and i both laughed, but not so loud.
mrs. micawber shook her head, and dropped a pious tear upon the twin who happened to be in hand.
you must instantly be obedient, still, and quiet.
and so the seasons went rolling on into summer, as one rambles into higher and higher grass.
what alone was wanting to the realization of a vast fortune, he considered to be more capital.
do not use makeshifts, such as old shoe boxes.
i refer to him only as the type of a class.
try to substitute diction that is more truly alive.
the mores the reason, returned peggotty, for saying that it wont do.
comrade ostrinski was a little man, scarcely up to jurgis's shoulder, wizened and wrinkled, very ugly, and slightly lame.
i have rarely met a fellow-man on such promising ground,it was so simple and sincere and so true all that he said.
you always said he was a story-teller, sobbed dora.
i made fur them mountains, masr davy, day and night.
the abhorrence in which i held the man, the dread i had of him, the repugnance with which i shrank from him, could not have been exceeded if he had been some terrible beast.
i knew her immediately to be miss betsey, for she came stalking out of the house exactly as my poor mother had so often described her stalking up our garden at blunderstone rookery.
it is a transgression to speak to men of other trades, save in groups at the social meetings.
we do not solicit donations in locations where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.
it is in the discovery and understanding of these details and in combining them into a personality that our sympathy is required.
we have now to analyse the memory-belief, as opposed to the characteristics of images which lead us to base memory-beliefs upon them.
it happened, at length, that he had occasion to change the instrument in his hand, for his shoemaker's knife.
i said, your brothers sane--a great deal more sane than you are, or ever will be, it is to be hoped.
it was but a childish means: and to what end?
we know a description, and we know that there is just one object to which this description applies, though the object itself is not directly known to us.
no precaution could have been more obvious than our refraining from communication with him that day; yet this again increased my restlessness.
they shook their heads, raised their tails, and rushed up and down a hill, and i perceived by their horns, as well as by their activity, their relation to the deer tribe.
but after the campaign against troy was over, she turned with the same intensity of interest to the national convention of the american federation of labor which was to meet there in november.
if we had been waited on by any boat, i should have run in to shore, and have obliged her to go on, or to make her purpose evident.
cried miss havisham, turning wildly to me.
the administration of mutton instead of medicine, the substitution of tea for joe, and the baker for bacon, were among the mildest of my own mistakes.
he is very regular in his walks, is my son.
that so few now dare to be eccentric, marks the chief danger of the time.
copyright laws in most countries are in a constant state of change.
all together she had one hundred and thirty-five dollars which could be used for home assistants.
would he remember what took place in the relapse?
if we take the four instances mentioned at the beginning of this discussion, we shall find that three of them are logical, while the fourth is a judgment of perception.
my hair had known no comb or brush since i left london.
mr. james and myself, maam-- dont address yourself to me!
peggotty muttered something to the effect of bother the best intentions!
at first he was like a wild beast that has glutted itself; he was in a dull stupor of satisfaction.
it was the second in mr. micawbers week of suspense.
he saw that the spy was fearful of his drinking himself into a fit state for the immediate denunciation of him.
it was so expressively done, that she had no need to say a word.
i informed him in exchange that my christian name was philip.
she condescended to make no reply, but, turning on me with another scornful laugh, said: the friends of this excellent and much-injured young lady are friends of yours.
i pumped my fellow-prisoner as dry as i could, for fear i should never see him again; but at length he showed me which was my bed, and left me to blow out the lamp.
but i loved joe,perhaps for no better reason in those early days than because the dear fellow let me love him,and, as to him, my inner self was not so easily composed.
what we have found as regards space is much the same as what we find in relation to the correspondence of the sense-data with their physical counterparts.
the smaller leyner rock terrier drill was brought out for stopping and driving; it could not, apparently, compete with machines of other classes.
i cant see you running into danger, through carrying your head so high.
we wished mr. copperfield to be accompanied by some confidential friend today, with an inclination of her head towards traddles, who bowed, in order that there might be no doubt or misconception on this subject.
he turned at the grated door, to render the thanks of his heart; it closed under the gaoler's hand; and the apparitions vanished from his sight forever.
all representative art, which can be said to live, is both realistic and ideal; and the realism about which we quarrel is a matter purely of externals.
during the last few minutes, mrs. heep had been clamouring to her son to be umble; and had been going down on her knees to all of us in succession, and making the wildest promises.
she calls you solomon, and she must know, being your sister.
and now, the jury turned to consider, and the great flies swarmed again.
it was almost as if a gigantic teapot had gone mad.
at length he aroused himself, and looked about the room until his eyes encountered mine.
when he considers the extent to which most men and women are unconsciously guided in their ideas and aspirations by what they read in newspapers and magazines, he cannot fail to appreciate his responsibility.
yet it is this last that has to be proved.
can you defend your conduct if you do, sir?
there being plenty of gravy to-day, joe spooned into my plate, at this point, about half a pint.
and this for the reason that should the mark be missed, should the open display of emotion fail to move, then it must perish unavoidably in disgust or contempt.
as to what is dearer to you than life, nothing can be so dear to a good citizen as the republic.
there were others like him, too--thousands like him, and all of them workingmen!
what a feeling of freedom, of emancipation, and of joy in the returning spring i used to experience in those warm april twilights!
rosa did not come back; and no other mention was made of her, until i went with steerforth into his room to say good night.
sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
the altitude of the gallows that would turn to water and quench it, no functionary, by any stretch of mathematics, was able to calculate successfully.
